 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 83, I call up  the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 9) denouncing the horrors of  socialism, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material thereon.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution is a simple one. It states that the  Congress denounces socialism in all its forms and opposes the  implementation of socialist policies in the United States of America.   It is a statement that I would hope all elected leaders in the United  States could support. Despite my Democratic colleagues' claims, there  is nothing in this resolution about entitlement programs or banning  social services or anything of the like.   In fact, I would encourage anyone who has doubts to actually go and  read the resolution--it won't take long. It outlines the pain and  hardship experienced by millions around the world who have suffered  under a socialist regime.   This is something the sponsor of the resolution, Ms. Salazar of  Florida, can speak to personally. Congresswoman Salazar is the daughter  of Cuban exiles and was born in Miami's Little Havana.   H. Con. Res. 9 is not just messaging or a waste of time--as some of  my colleagues across the aisle said--it speaks to people who have known  all too well the atrocities of socialism, and it gives voice to their  pain.   I thank Congresswoman Salazar for her work on this resolution, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Hill), the vice chair of the Financial Services  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Williams), who is the chair of the Small Business Committee  and an advocate for capitalism.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Meuser).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McClintock).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from West Virginia (Mr. Mooney), who is a great leader and a member of  the Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Rose), a great leader for agriculture issues and a  member of the Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Ohio (Mr. Davidson), chair of the Housing and Insurance  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Nebraska (Mr. Flood).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire the time remaining on both  sides?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Kim).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Lawler), a great new member of the Financial Services  Committee from the Hudson Valley.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New York an  additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Burchett), my friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I have heard the most absurd argument just now on the House floor.   The contents of this resolution are very simple and very  straightforward: A system that is borne out of freedom inevitably  begets freedom and a liberation of people from tyranny. An economic  system that is borne out of taking inevitably leads to the loss of  human life and centralization and control by despotic people.   That is what this resolution speaks to. It does not speak to any  programs here in the United States. It doesn't talk about our system of  government. It doesn't speak of other systems, economic systems.   It is simply in the resolved that Congress denounces socialism in all  its forms and opposes the implementation of socialist policies in the  United States. Period.   So rather than contorting themselves to vote ``no'' against a  resolution condemning tyrants who use socialism to centralize their  power, my colleagues are contorting themselves to speak against  previous Presidents or a question of Republicans' views on domestic  social programs.   That is not a part of this resolution. It is a part of other debates  everywhere else in Congress.   Let's read the resolution. Let's stick to the terms of debate of the  resolution, and let's figure out a way that we can actually come  together and denounce socialism in all its forms here in the United  States.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have one further speaker, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds, as well.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I want to take a moment to thank my colleague for his fulsome defense  of socialism and historical socialists. I think that was the most  intellectually honest piece of debate we have had here on the House  floor.   If this resolution were just simply to draw out my Democrat  colleagues to just say, yes, they are in favor of socialism, maybe this  is a worthwhile endeavor.   Again, this is not my resolution. It was reported to my committee. We  are reporting out this resolution as Ms. Salazar of Florida presented  and wrote because this is the early stages of the House. This came  straight to the House floor rather than through the committee markup.  It came through the Rules Committee.   What I would have preferred in this resolution was a fulsome defense  of capitalism and the juxtaposition between that optimistic sense of  freedom that is borne out of our property rights, our speech rights,  and our individual liberties in this country that has deeply connected  us with an economic system of freedom, the juxtaposition of that to the  misery of socialism and what the taking of people`s individual liberty  and centralizing it in government and government control does to  economic progress, to the best of humanity, to social outcomes, to the  health and welfare of the people, to the economic prosperity of the  people, and the misery that it begets to those people suffering in  those regimes.   What we have here is the history of international moments of terror  begat by Putin. It is not in there. He doesn't currently call himself a  socialist, but Lenin did, Stalin did, Mao Zedong did, Fidel Castro did,  and the list goes on. Then, it talks about the loss of human life under  those regimes from those socialist leaders.   The resolve clause, I have read before: ``That Congress denounces  socialism in all its forms, and opposes the implementation of socialist  policies in the United States of America.''   I would be happy to work with my colleague on the type of resolution  that I outlined, happy to have that come back to the floor, in time, on  something that my Democrat colleagues would actually support, a proper  denunciation of the miseries of socialism and a proper embrace of our  economic capitalism here in the United States, but that is not what we  have before us today.   I encourage my colleagues to look at what is in the resolution and  judge it based off the contents of what is here, not what is omitted.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague to close, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    I object.    Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Arrington), the Budget Committee chairman, to  close on behalf of the Republicans.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   