 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 2839, which was received  from the House and is at the desk.    I further ask that the bill be considered read a third  time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 1722, which was received  from the House and is at the desk.    I further ask that the bill be considered read a third  time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 263, S. 484.    I ask unanimous consent that the Peters substitute  amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Environment and Public Works be discharged from further  consideration of S. 1478 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from  further consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 423.    I ask unanimous consent that the Ernst amendment at the  desk to the resolution be considered and agreed to; that the  resolution, as amended, be agreed to; that the preamble be agreed to;  and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   