 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member  for allowing me to speak today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of this resolution that  would authorize the use of Emancipation Hall by the United States  Holocaust Museum for the Days of Remembrance commemoration event on  April 20 of 2023.   The Days of Remembrance was established by Congress as the Nation's  annual commemoration of the Holocaust. Since 1982, the United States  Holocaust Memorial Museum has worked tirelessly to organize and lead  this vital and meaningful ceremony in the United States Capitol.   I think it is imperative that we honor the memory, the bravery, the  spirit of 6 million Jewish victims of the Holocaust, and the millions  of others who perished at the hands of the Nazi regime.   We must continue to listen and share the survivors' stories so that  we never forget the heinous atrocities that took place.   With each passing year, Mr. Speaker, we have fewer and fewer  firsthand witnesses and individuals who were there and lost a family  member or a friend. Now, more than ever, it is critical that we educate  the next generation and teach them about the horrors that occurred  during the Holocaust so that we never forget.   To honor the victims of the Holocaust and pay tribute to the  liberators, we work and we must continue to work to keep their stories  alive. Hosting the Days of Remembrance commemoration event here in the  Halls of Congress does exactly that.   As we all know, anti-Semitism, as well as hateful rhetoric and  incidents continue to grow here across the country, frankly, across the  world.   As Members of Congress, we have the ability and the responsibility to  combat anti-Semitism and ensure that our children, tomorrow's leaders,  are taught about the cruelties that took place years ago. The way that  we can do this and to prevent atrocities like the Holocaust from  happening again is through education.    As Elie Wiesel once said: ``For the dead and the living, we must bear  witness.''   I thank Representatives Brad Schneider, Max Miller, and  Greg  Landsman for working with me on this important measure, and, as such, I  urge all my colleagues to support this crucial resolution that will  honor the victims of the Holocaust by authorizing the use of  Emancipation Hall for the Days of Remembrance commemoration.   