 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chair Guthrie, as well as Chair  Rodgers for their work on this bill. I rise in strong support of H.R.  4531, the Support for Patients and Communities Reauthorization Act, the  SUPPORT Act.   Looking back, it was originally created in 2018 as a significant  investment in overdose prevention. There is an urgent need to actually  reauthorize the SUPPORT Act, with nearly 110,000 annual overdose deaths  in this country last year. This reauthorization ensures that  individuals seeking assistance for substance use disorders have access  to critical lifesaving treatments, recovery support services,  prevention programming, and long-term recovery services.   I draw attention to an emerging public health concern addressed by  this legislation, the illicit use of xylazine. Xylazine is a veterinary  tranquilizer that has become drug traffickers' preferred substance for  cutting fentanyl. Xylazine's current ease of access--as it can just be  purchased online for as little as $6 per kilogram--directly threatens  our communities.   DEA Administrator Milgram warned that ``Xylazine is making the  deadliest drug threat our country has ever faced, fentanyl, even  deadlier.''   To counter this growing threat, the bill proposes scheduling illicit  xylazine under schedule III of the Controlled Substances Act, while  safeguarding--and this is important--crucial access for veterinary use  and the livestock industry.   The fentanyl crisis has already inflicted severe damage on treatment  clinics and public health agencies throughout our entire country.  Adding another highly toxic substance to the illicit drug supply only  intensifies the crisis. Congress must take action against this emerging  threat.   I am pleased that the SUPPORT Act builds upon the collaboration of  Congressman Panetta and I with the agricultural and veterinary  industries and law enforcement to ensure this legislation cracks down  on illicit uses of xylazine while preserving its critical role within  agriculture and veterinary medicine.   I urge my colleagues to support the SUPPORT Act. This is not just  legislation. It is a response to help save lives within our  communities.   