 Madam President, today, I would like to discuss one of the  many critical topics we face in the country, in the Congress, in the  Senate--Federal spending. We are certainly focused upon the issues that  we are trying to bring together in regard to an emergency supplemental,  in regard to supporting Ukraine and Israel, combatting China in the  South Pacific and around the globe, Iran terrorist activities, and, as  the gentleman from my neighboring State of Nebraska indicated, issues  involving our national security at our own borders.   Today, I want to take just a step back and indicate that we were on a  path and I wish we would get back on a path of making certain that the  appropriations bills that the Senate Committee on Appropriations has  considered, amended, and approved are brought to the Senate floor.   There are 12 appropriations bills annually. The full committee has  considered all 12 and passed all 12, but the Senate, this body, which  is again using this week to consider nominations, still has all but  three of those bills yet to consider. It is important that Federal  spending is provided to keep our government open and functioning and  functioning and open for the American people.   This topic has dominated a lot of conversations nationally now for  months. We are operating under a continuing resolution that funds the  Federal Government at its current level until mid-January or early  February, when that current continuing resolution then expires.   I certainly support the efforts of Senator Collins and Senator  Murray, the vice chairman and the chairman of the Committee on  Appropriations. I support their work. It is my hope that Leader Schumer  will allow those appropriations bills and that process to continue.  Three out of twelve is insufficient, and the consequences of our  failure to address the remaining bills are consequential.   When considering appropriations bills, it is critical that, in my  view, two core principles are established. First is that we must get  our Federal spending under control. We borrow way too much money. The  consequence will come to haunt us economically. Our ability to respond  to national security issues is diminished when our spending is out of  line with our revenues. Second, it is our duty to draft appropriations  bills that are judicious, responsible, carefully tailored, and that we  establish priorities and determine what the Nation's highest priorities  are for the coming or current fiscal year.   Congress must start this work immediately and not wait for the final  moments, not wait until the middle of January or the beginning of  February. Otherwise, we are on a path once again to another continuing  resolution or, as we said we would not do again, a significant and huge  omnibus in which these bills are all packaged together, reducing  transparency, reducing the understanding of not only members of the  American public but reducing the capability of U.S. Senators to fully  understand the nature of the bill and not giving the opportunity for my  colleagues who don't serve on the Appropriations Committee to amend and  alter the bills that our committee has approved.   A CR puts spending on auto pilot. It is the antithesis, it is the  opposite of what these principles involve. The idea that the Federal  Government should be funded next year at the same level as last year is  wrong, and it is wrong that the same amount of funding ought to go to  each program. Some things maybe ought to be eliminated. There are some  things I know that should be eliminated. There are things that maybe  are receiving the right amount of money. There may be things that are  deserving, as the priorities change, of additional spending.   The best hope to avoid another CR and to avoid a much criticized  omnibus spending bill at the end is to continue the process--the  process we started on fiscal year 2024 appropriations bills, to  consider them on the Senate floor and to move them forward.    Over the past 9 months, the Senator from New Hampshire, Senator  Shaheen, and I have worked to craft the appropriations bill for the  subcommittee that we lead called Commerce, Justice, Science and to  balance those two core principles: fiscal responsibility with  thoughtful allocation of scarce resources.   The CJS bill, one of 12--one of those bills that have yet to be  considered on the Senate floor, the Commerce-Justice-Science bill-- provides funding for a host of Federal Agencies that play a critical  role in the lives of every single American and certainly every single  Kansan: the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Federal Bureau of  Investigation, NASA, the National Weather Service, the National Science  Foundation, and just a host of other activities which enjoy broad  bipartisan support both here in Congress and among the American people.   With respect to fiscal responsibility, this bill, Commerce-Justice- Science for fiscal year 2024, cuts budget authority--actual Federal  spending--by $1.3 billion compared to the amount of money that was  enacted in the previous fiscal year, fiscal year 2023. That is about an  amount equal to 1.5--1\1/2\ percent below the current level of  spending. So we are cutting spending in our appropriations process.   American families face painful cuts and challenges in their own  budgets, and I think they can expect--or ``should expect'' is the way I  guess I would say it--should expect government to prove that it can  make the same kinds of difficult decisions. The fiscal year 2024 CJS  bill crafted by Senator Shaheen and me delivers on that obligation, and  I thank my colleagues on our Appropriations subcommittee, both  Republicans and Democrats, for working together to accomplish that  goal.   In Congress, every once in a while, we have a vote on the penny plan,  the seemingly impossible to achieve notion that we should at least be  able to cut Federal spending by 1 percent, one penny out of a dollar.  Senator Shaheen and I have found a way to make that a penny and a half,  a little more than 1 percent--1.5 percent. That is a savings of more  than $1.3 billion.   The second core principle that I approach in the appropriations  process is that Congress must make careful and deliberate decisions  about how we allocate resources. Our opportunity to do that comes from  certainly the assistance of our experts in our budget arena but also a  significant number of hearings in front of the committee in which  people have the opportunity to come highlight each Agency, each  Department, their budget priorities, and give  [[Page S5655]]  us a chance to ask questions and to pursue what the right balance is.  We owe that obligation--making the right decisions--to the American  taxpayer.   There are also areas that are vitally important where we from time to  time include increases where appropriate to address new threats, new  challenges, and new areas that are critical to the United States in our  maintaining our competitive edge and our national security.   For example, in the fiscal year 2024 CJS bill, we provide resources  to the National Institute of Standards and Technology, NIST--home to  some of the world's best scientists--to ensure that we understand both  the promise and the pitfalls of artificial intelligence.   NASA stands on the verge of returning the first humans--perhaps, in  this case, it sounds like the first woman--to the Moon in over 50  years. It was vitally important that we provide NASA with the resources  necessary to execute the Artemis mission. There may be those who would  say that is not a priority, but the Chinese would like nothing more  than to beat us back to the Moon and to become the world's preeminent  space power. We will not--should not--allow that to be the case.   The National Weather Service needs to recapitalize its weather  satellites. These satellites are vital to people in Kansas as we  predict the weather and determine the safety and economic well-being of  our State. They are vital to determining new severe weather patterns,  and they will save lives.   These examples are just a few of why it is important that we have an  annual appropriations process to make the changes to address things  that Americans care about and to deal with the things that have changed  in our lives across the country.   America's needs and priorities are not static, they are not the same,  nor should government's decisions on how to spend taxpayer dollars be,  either.   This bill, the fiscal year 2024 CJS bill, even in the context of its  savings, still manages to make responsible investments to address the  newest and most important challenges facing our country.   I want to spend a moment longer on discussing the funding and  oversight of the Department of Justice.   Crime. Crime across the country is increasing. It is a problem for  almost every American and certainly every American family, and it is  deserving of being prioritized by the U.S. Senate, the Congress, and  the administration.   Like many Americans, I have serious concerns with many of the  policies coming from the Biden Department of Justice. Many new  regulations issued by ATF threaten to trample core constitutional  rights and are often a solution in search of a problem. DOJ's  investigative priorities are often designed to satisfy the loudest  activist rather than the everyday American and their real concern,  including skyrocketing violent crime across the country and in the  State of Kansas. Crime is affecting even our safest communities, and  Kansans and Americans are concerned about what Washington is doing to  keep their families safe.   Fentanyl is also a crisis--has been and continues to be and grows. It  is a growing crisis in our country. This is not just an assertion;  again, the numbers speak for themselves.   After a year in which more than 100,000 Americans lost their lives to  fentanyl and with the highest increase in deaths among infants over 1  year old, President Biden's budget for DOJ requires hiring only four  new DEA special agents, the Drug Enforcement Agency's agents. Yet the  President's budget request indicates that the DOJ needs more than  1,200--one thousand two hundred--new attorneys, primarily at the  division that files civil lawsuits.    The DOJ's priorities have been and are misguided. When I became the  top Republican--the chairman--on the CJS subcommittee, I made it a  priority to meet with countless DEA, FBI, and ATF special agents,  deputy U.S. marshals, prison correctional officers, intelligence  analysts, and prosecutors in the field. I am immensely impressed by  their professionalism, their courage, and their dedication to keeping  the American people safe. Indiscriminate, thoughtless budget cuts will  result in fewer deputy marshals to apprehend violent fugitives, fewer  FBI agents to investigate terrorists and intelligence threats from  China, fewer DEA agents to combat the Mexican cartels, fewer Federal  prosecutors not just to arrest violent criminals but to send them to  prison.   Instead of defunding Federal law enforcement, we should use the  appropriations process to prioritize and to make deliberate and  judicious decisions about the Department of Justice's priorities. This  means providing funding for the core activities critical to public  safety while rejecting these proposals that make less sense or no sense  from the Biden administration.   To that end, the CJS bill cuts funding for the Department of Justice  by $817 million--a more than 2-percent cut. Within that amount, funding  for the FBI's construction account is cut by $591 million. These are  exactly the types of careful cuts we were able to achieve while  maintaining the jobs of thousands of agents and intelligence analysts  and others who help us combat violent crimes, child predators, Mexican  cartels, and foreign intelligence agents.   Additionally, in working with my Republican colleagues on the  committee, we were able to address some of the worst errors and abuses  by the DOJ in recent years. During the committee markup, I secured new  legislative language to prohibit funding for the investigation of  parents who peacefully protest school board meetings--a DOJ initiative  epitomized by the outrageous school board memo. Senator Rubio, my  colleague from Florida, secured new legislative language prohibiting  the Department from targeting Americans for their religious beliefs.   To my colleagues who have deep reservations about the policies of the  Department of Justice, know that I share those concerns; yet I believe  we have prepared a responsible bill that makes meaningful investments  in the Department of Justice and its law enforcement mission. The CJS  appropriations bill is a credible demonstration of fiscal  responsibility while making judicious and careful investments in  programs and services that Americans strongly support.   I yield the floor.   