 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this  resolution to nullify the Biden administration's Federal student loan  forgiveness rule. At a time when students need relief the most,  Republicans are working to upend student loan forgiveness that started  under Trump and now continues under President Biden for more than 40  million borrowers.   There was broad recognition during the pandemic that relief was  desperately needed for businesses, families, and students. That is why  Congress, and Republicans under Trump, voted to pass both the CARES Act  and The HEROES Act, which provided not only student loan relief, but  also loans to protect businesses from shuttering and direct support to  families. These were forgivable loans that we gave the businesses.   We helped workers and small businesses alike during the height of the  pandemic. Again, both President Trump and President Biden paused  student loan payments. Under this CRA we are debating today, we would  see a rollback on the loan payment pause through September 2022. This  is unimaginable.   Do not be fooled by the faux populism of Republicans. They raised the  debt ceiling three times to pay for their tax cuts for the wealthiest 1  percent in America. By contrast, President Biden's targeted student  loan relief plan helps Americans earning less than $75,000 a year.   When Democrats were in the majority and on the hook for providing  assistance, we rose to the occasion to help small businesses and  employees alike. We did not renege on our support for businesses  through the PPP loans. I see no reason why Republicans now insist on  reneging on their support for students.   Why, for the love of God, do Republicans want to continue to punch  down on American students and divide our country?   The Biden administration's student debt relief plan is not a bailout.  It is a lifeline.   I implore my Republican colleagues in Congress to speak with  borrowers in their own districts about this very issue. College debt  has been weighing on borrowers across all demographics across the  country, including in their own districts.   Mr. Speaker, this should not be a partisan issue, and I oppose the  resolution.   