 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment I  introduced in concurrence with Representative Lesko to defend America's  ability to purchase and use natural gas stoves, a common household  appliance found in over one-third of American households.   Federal bureaucrats at the Department of Energy are threatening  access to natural gas stoves for millions of Americans through the  rulemaking process. This amendment would stop the DOE from denying  Americans the freedom to cook on the range of their choosing.   According to the Department of Energy's own analysis, in 2020, 38  percent of Americans used natural gas to cook in their homes. The  Energy Information Administration says cooking with gas is three times  cheaper than cooking with electricity.   Americans should have access to the cooking appliances that they deem  fit. They do not want or need the Federal Government to dictate what is  in their kitchens. The Department of Energy's own research estimates  that 50 percent of gas stoves on the market today don't meet the  proposed standards, which means these households would have to remove  them.   This is a direct attack on natural gas consumption in this country  and an example of the Biden administration's  [[Page H1545]]  desire to control every decision we make. Americans should have the  freedom to choose their appliances, and Federal Government intrusion is  unwarranted and unwanted.   Furthermore, this rule is essentially a tax on consumers, who are  already being squeezed by inflation. My Democratic colleagues may argue  that these rules were crafted with the purpose of saving consumers  money. The DOE estimates the regulation would reduce energy use by 3.4  percent, resulting in a whopping $21.89 saved over a gas range's  lifetime. This would save consumers $1.45 per year of the 15-year  lifespan of a gas range.   This minuscule savings indicates this regulation isn't actually about  consumers' pocketbooks. It is about Federal control at the behest of  the radical green policy groups.   People should be free to choose their cooking appliances based on  what they need rather than on what the government requires. If a  consumer wants a gas stove that cooks faster, then they should be free  to choose it, and if a consumer wants a gas stove that cooks slowly but  more efficiently, then they should be free to choose that.    Mr. Chairman, no one should have their choices limited by  Federal bureaucrats. In fact, these bureaucrats should not have the  ability to implement rules like this at all without congressional  approval.   This amendment shows the clear difference in vision between House  Republicans and the Biden administration.   Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to support consumers and  their freedom to choose what they prefer in their kitchens by  supporting this amendment.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 1, the Lower  Energy Costs Act. I am proud of the work that we are doing here to  reduce the burden of high energy costs facing Americans and to  strengthen our national security. I am also pleased that my bill to  repeal the EPA's $27 billion slush fund is included in H.R. 1. It is an  important step to right the numerous wrongs in the misnamed Inflation  Reduction Act.   I have said many times that the war in Ukraine didn't create the  energy crisis; it exposed it. If we learn nothing else from the energy  crisis in Europe, it is that we should never make our Nation or our  allies dependent on an adversarial nation to meet our energy needs.  Sadly, the Biden administration's attacks on American hydrocarbon  energy make us more dependent on China, who is an adversary, making  this not only an economic security issue but a national security issue,  as well. Thankfully, the Lower Energy Costs Act puts us on a path to  energy security, improves our economy, and strengthens our national  security.   Additionally, Americans have been facing record levels of inflation  due to the policies of the Biden administration. Energy costs are one  of the biggest drivers of inflation. Everything we use or consume has  an energy cost. On day one, President Biden set the course for higher  energy costs and higher inflation. When he came into office, inflation  was 1.87 percent. Today, it is over 6.5 percent because of reckless  spending, increases in massive regulatory costs, and higher energy  costs.   The misnamed Inflation Reduction Act contributed to these problems by  establishing the so-called Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund, which is  nothing more than a $27 billion slush fund for green advocacy groups.   The reality is energy prices have risen so much during Joe Biden's  Presidency that nearly 20 million households are now behind on their  household utility bills. If my colleagues really wanted to help the  American people, they would do everything they could to help reduce  energy costs.   This might be interesting to my colleagues. Polling indicates that a  majority of voters support the Lower Energy Costs Act, including 56  percent of self-identified liberals and 69 percent of moderates.   For these reasons, I encourage all of my colleagues to support  unleashing our domestic energy production to reduce the cost of living  for all Americans, strengthens our national security, and makes energy  independent again. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, Federal bureaucrats at the Department of  Energy are threatening access to gas stoves for millions of Americans  through the rulemaking process.   In fact, the DOE admits that up to 50 percent of all gas stoves  currently on the market or in use in American households will not meet  the proposed standards.   This amendment would stop the DOE from imposing this regulation.  According to the DOE's own analysis, in 2020, 38 percent of Americans  used natural gas to cook in their homes.   The Energy Information Administration says cooking with gas is three  times cheaper than cooking with electricity.   The American people see this for what it is; a direct attack on all  natural gas use in the country and another example of the Biden  administration's desire to control every decision we make. Moreover,  this rule is essentially a tax on consumers who are already being  squeezed by inflation.   My Democratic colleagues would argue that these rules were crafted  for the purpose of saving consumers money.   The DOE estimates the regulation would reduce energy use by 3.4  percent, resulting in a savings of only $21.89 over a gas range's life  span. That is $1.45 per year over an average life span of 15 years for  a gas range.   These miniscule savings indicate this regulation is really not about  the consumers' pocketbooks; it is about Federal control at the behest  of radical green energy groups who want the complete elimination of the  use of natural gas.   I will point out were this to happen, there would be far less food to  cook because natural gas is essential to fertilizer for food crops. Its  elimination would cut food production in half worldwide.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage all my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the fact that my Democratic  colleague admitted that half the stoves do not meet the standard.   When he says that half already meet it, you know, by my math, the  other half doesn't.   Mr. Chairman, this amendment shows the clear difference in the vision  between House Republicans and the Biden administration and my  Democratic colleagues' views on these things.   Their claim that this regulation will save American households money  is another painful example of how bad they are on math.   House Republicans believe in American energy abundance, and the  administration believes in energy restrictions.   We believe in consumer choice, and the administration believes in  heavy-handed government mandates.   We believe that consumers back home should make their own decisions,  while the administration believes Federal bureaucrats should decide  what Americans can and can't do on a daily basis, including what they  can use to cook their families' meals.   I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North  Dakota (Mr. Armstrong).    Mr. Chairman, I encourage all my colleagues to support  this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   