 Madam President, our country is in the midst of the worst  border crisis in our history. Since President Biden took office, there  has been more than 5 million illegal crossings at the southern border.   I have been to the border multiple times, and I have seen this crisis  firsthand. In fact, the last time I was there, I was touring a heavily  trafficked sector with off-duty Border Patrol officers. As we were  driving along, the officers spotted a couple of cartel members. One of  the officers turned to me, and he apologized. He said: I am sorry, but  I am going to have to go on duty now. He went over and he apprehended  and he arrested the cartel members there, right on the spot.   This is just a small taste of what they have to face each and every  day. We have to keep these men and these women in our prayers, and we  must give them all the tools that they need to keep our homeland safe.   Beyond the rampant lawlessness, the crime, the human trafficking, one  of the worst aspects of this crisis is the devastating amount of drugs  that are pouring into our country.   The last annual numbers showed that over 100,000 Americans died just  last year from drug-related overdose, and about 90 percent of those  were related to fentanyl.   This crisis has gotten so bad that fentanyl-driven overdose deaths  are now the leading cause of deaths for those who are between 18 and 45  years old. And this is perhaps the worst statistic: Children under 14  years old are dying of fentanyl poisoning faster than any other age  group.   The drugs that come through the border cause unspeakable harm back in  communities in North Carolina. To many, they are only one or two  degrees away from a personal tragedy with a name having to do with  illegal drugs.   I routinely talk to sheriffs all over the State. I recently went to  all 100 counties, and I talked to a lot of those sheriffs. Many of them  told me that every single county in North Carolina  [[Page S1231]]  is now a border county because of President Biden's policies.   In fact, a recent drug bust in Iredell County, just north of  Charlotte, uncovered enough fentanyl to kill 250,000 individuals. That  is poison from just one traffic stop in North Carolina.   It begs the questions: How did we get here, and what can be done?   We got here at precisely the moment that President Biden stopped  enforcing the law at the southern border. President Biden stopped  building the border wall on his first day in office. He has reversed  policies to quickly deport criminal illegal aliens. He refused to get  tough on sanctuary cities that don't obey Federal law. He ended the  ``Remain in Mexico'' policy. And next month, he will end title 42 with  no plan on how to manage the impending surge.   The story of President Biden's border crisis is one of preventable  tragedies compounding day in and day out. And if the White House won't  act to stop it, then Congress should.   The very first bill I introduced as a U.S. Senator is called the  Build the Wall Now Act. It requires border wall construction to restart  immediately, it removes all legal roadblocks to construction, and it  unlocks $2.1 billion in unspent funding.   I have seen for myself the idle heavy equipment just sitting there,  the concrete and the steel that have sat unused since January 20 of  2021. My bill simply orders the Biden administration to use those  supplies and finish the job.   When I spoke to those border agents, they told me that they really  need a wall and, yeah, they need funding but that what they really need  is an administration that has their back. And right now, they don't  have that.   Securing the border used to be a bipartisan issue. So I would call on  President Biden to stop ignoring the border crisis, suspend any  partisanship that is stopping him from doing what we know would stop  this suffering, and for the sake of our law enforcement, for our  parents, for our children, we need this administration to change course  so that we can save lives.   Madam President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S1241]]     Mr. President, taxpayers should not be forced to fund the  taking of unborn life. That is why I voted in favor of Senator  Tuberville's resolution to overturn the Biden administration's rule  that allows the VA to perform abortions up until birth. Using taxpayer- funded VA facilities to perform abortions is a clear violation of  Federal and State law, and it is a clear abuse of Executive power.   The American people may have different views on abortion, but the  majority of Americans agree: Their hard-earned tax dollars should not  be used to pay for it.   All told, the VA admitted that this rule will allow at least 1,000  taxpayer-funded abortions each and every year. That is unacceptable,  and that is why this rule must be overturned.   I yield the floor.   