 Mr. President, yesterday, I spoke here on the Senate  floor about a subject that is highly personal and yet of immense  importance: the rise of anti-Semitism in America. I spoke out because  as the highest Jewish elected official in the country and in American  history, I felt an obligation to say aloud what is felt within the  hearts of so many Jewish people across the country and around the  world.   After October 7, Jewish Americans are feeling singled out, targeted,  and isolated. In many ways, we feel alone. The solidarity that Jewish  Americans initially received from many of our fellow citizens was  quickly drowned out by other voices.   I want to be clear. I believe most Americans who are criticizing  Israeli's policies are not anti-Semitic, nor that the vast majority of  criticism of Israel's policies is inherently anti-Semitic per se. But  it cannot be denied that in too many instances, anti-Semites are taking  advantage of the pro-Palestinian movement to espouse hatred and bigotry  toward the Jewish people. Similarly, on the hard right, the poison of  anti-Semitism has reached levels over these past few years we have not  witnessed perhaps ever in America.   All Americans share a responsibility and an obligation to fight  against anti-Semitism. We have an obligation to fight back against all  forms of bigotry, be it Islamophobia or racism against  [[Page S5682]]  Black Americans or demonizing the immigrant. Whether it comes from the  left or from the right, anti-Semitism is an evil that must be  condemned.   So, as I said yesterday, Americans ask, how can we help combat that?  As I said yesterday, my plea to the American people of all creeds and  backgrounds is this:   First, learn the history of the Jewish people, who have been  abandoned repeatedly by their fellow countrymen--left isolated and  alone to combat anti-Semitism, with disastrous results. I talked about  this issue at some length in the speech I gave yesterday, and I would  urge all Americans to read it.   Second, reject the illogical and double standard that is once again  being applied to the plight of Jewish victims and hostages, to some of  the actions of the Israeli Government, and even to the existence of a  Jewish State. The glaring double standard where so many support  nationhood for so many other peoples but not for the Jews must be  condemned.   Third, understand why Jewish people defend Israel--not because we  wish harm on Palestinians but because we fear a world where Israel is  forced to tolerate the existence of groups like Hamas that want to wipe  out all Jewish people from the planet. We fear a world where Israel-- the place of refuge for Jewish people--will no longer exist. If there  is no Israel, there will be no place for the Jewish people to go when  they are persecuted in other countries.   I want to thank my colleagues for taking the time to listen, not just  to my remarks yesterday but to all Jewish Americans speaking out  against the rise of anti-Semitism.   I would like to thank the Republican leader for his gracious words  after my remarks and the so many Members in this Chamber, Democrat and  Republican, who made comments to me that they so respected my speech.  Many said it had to be given. I agree with that.   Both parties have an obligation to work together to eliminate the  poison of anti-Semitism and all forms of intolerance wherever we see  it, regardless of who says it. I hope we can continue working together  in this Chamber to advance that very noble goal.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 263.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 144.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum calls  for the cloture motions filed today, November 30, be waived.    I yield the floor.   