 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak in support of  my amendment, which will allow States to build or maintain their own  medical stockpiles and encourage regional coordination of those  stockpiles.   Over the past few years, the COVID-19 pandemic exposed  vulnerabilities in our Strategic National Stockpile, leading to a  shortage of critical drugs, vaccines, and medical supplies. We all  remember the scramble among States and the Federal Government for  limited supplies of diagnostics, PPE, treatments, and other critical  medical countermeasures.   Each State had different priorities and needs: while one needed  ventilators, another needed masks. In my home State of Georgia,  healthcare providers and patients struggled to access critical medical  supplies and personal protective equipment. That is why it is important  to not only ensure that the Strategic National Stockpile is robust, but  also to provide ways for States to stockpile treatments and products  for their specific needs. To be clear, this amendment would supplement,  not replace, the Federal Strategic National Stockpile.   This amendment would empower States to build and maintain their own  medical stockpiles so they can respond quickly to emerging infectious  diseases in the future. That is why I encourage my colleagues to  support this amendment before us here today.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in response I would just say that  this is simply to supplement the National Strategic Stockpiles. It is  not to replace them. It is not to do anything but give the States the  opportunity to have their own stockpiles. This is not a cookie-cutter- type situation that you have here. Different States have different  needs. We all understand that, and this is what that addresses.   Mr. Chair, this is a commonsense bill and commonsense amendment, and  I would ask and encourage my colleagues to vote in favor.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   