 Mr. President, I am pretty excited. In fact, let's just  say this is the season of joy, and I feel such joy today.   The gentleman who just spoke, the Senator from Illinois, the chairman  of the Judiciary Committee, is a man of heroic action. What we are  marking today, this anniversary, is so much due to his work and  steadfast leadership on these issues years before I came here. We are  celebrating this moment of joy and a moment of deep, profound  gratitude, and I want to give Senator Durbin my deep thanks.   I also want to thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I  want to thank Chuck Grassley. I want to thank Mike Lee. I want to thank  all of their staffs who worked so hard for this moment. This was truly  a bipartisan effort and one of the best experiences I have had as a  U.S. Senator.   In addition to that, we worked with the President's staff and his  team to get to that bill and that moment. We had activists across the  political spectrum, people like Mark Holden, who worked for Koch  Industries, all the way to folks like Jessica Jackson and Dan Jones. We  had not only activists but people who were directly impacted-- advocating organizations, nonprofits--trying to bring justice to the  justice system.   This bill was a product of compromise and shows what is possible in  this institution when both sides come together on common ground. It was  a recognition that had been growing that the criminal justice system  needed reform and was devastating our Nation's  [[Page S5974]]  highest ideals and principles. We are a nation of liberty and justice  for all.   Think about the backdrop to this. Think about all of the facts that  were happening leading to this incredible accomplishment 5 years ago.   Our Federal prison system since 1980 had grown--exploded--by 800  percent. The United States of America, which professes freedom as its  fundamental ideal, had more people incarcerated than any other nation  on the planet Earth. One in four incarcerated people on our planet in  the world was here in the United States of America. We had a system  that was not based on justice or restorative justice but based on  retribution and, in many ways, cruelty. We became captive of impulses  of fear rather than the wisdom for healing and growth and security.   I was stunned when I first saw that data point that about a third of  the adult Americans in our country--adults--had a criminal record.  Think about the criminalization. Think about that. Over 5 million  children in our country had a parent who was actually in jail or prison  during their childhood.   This overreaction to the War on Drugs that did not--it was not a war  on drugs but a war on people and disproportionately impacted certain  people and not others. The African-American community is a great  example. Because of this overincarceration, there were more Black folks  in our country under criminal supervision--more Black men under  criminal supervision than were enslaved in 1850. This is an affront to  our ideals of liberty and justice.   We malign other countries for imprisoning journalists, for  imprisoning politicians, imprisoning people who dare to protest the  state, but in our country, whom do we imprison? The poor. The mentally  ill. The addicted. Survivors of abuse and sexual assault. Black and  Brown folks are way overindexed in our prisons and jails. Any visit to  an American jail will show in so many ways the failings of our system.   Instead of offering people help with substance abuse or mental  illness, we were wasting billions of dollars, tearing families apart,  destroying communities, and ultimately making communities less safe;  investing billions of dollars in warehousing people--not in roads, not  in bridges, but incarcerating human beings. In fact, between 1990 and  2005, a new prisoner jail opened in our country every 10 days. Think  about that for a second. Our national treasure was being used not for  education, not for research, not for roads, bridges, technology, but to  warehouse human beings.   The perversity of the system was that it was making us less safe.  People who were being released had recidivism rates that were so high  because they weren't getting the help they needed. People incarcerated  for nonviolent drug offenses were coming out and facing over 40,000  collateral consequences that stopped them from getting a job, from  buying a home, from providing for their family.   Our system is supposed to be about justice, and what was happening in  the early 2000s is that red States and blue States were starting to  make an effort to reform their criminal justice systems. We saw States,  from Georgia to New Jersey, lower their prison populations and lower  crime at the same time, understanding that if you affirm people's  dignity and give them pathways to health and well-being, you not only  lower your prison population but you make communities safer and you  make families more intact.   After decades of these failed policies, a group of bipartisan  Senators, working with a Republican White House and House Members,  crafted this legislation that has affected thousands of people's lives.   Senator Durbin said it: The population that was liberated from unjust  incarceration as a result of this bill has a lower recidivism rate than  people who have served out full terms and come home, because the  fullness of this bill wasn't just about liberating people from unjust  incarceration but creating programs that could empower people in prison  to pathways to better lives when they are coming out. It was logical,  it was common sense, and that is why the rightwing think tanks and the  leftwing tanks and all in between were supporting and advocating and  pushing for this commonsense bill.   Five years after the passage of the First Step Act, we now have  evidence that not only demonstrates its success but shatters the myth  that criminal justice reform and public safety don't go hand in hand.  As the Senator said, almost 30,000 individuals were released, and  almost 9 in 10 have avoided rearrest or reincarceration, compared to  the 45-percent recidivism rate Senator Durbin talked about.    Oh, but God, these are data. This is just statistics. What is  powerful for me is meeting the human beings and their families, meeting  the children who had their parents come home. Do you want to talk about  joy? When this passed 5 years ago, I will never forget, right out those  doors, as soon as it passed, as an impulse, I hugged Chuck Grassley  because it was what I knew was going to happen. The holidays were  really going to be about the American values, that the most sacrosanct  thing we can have is liberty. The most severe thing the government can  do is to take someone's liberty. We literally have slogans in our  country--``Give me liberty or give me death.''   To see people come up to you and saying: All hope was gone. I was  sitting in the depths of incarceration, like Joseph thrown into the  well, thrown into prison--no hope--but yet I found deliverance because  of Republicans and Democrats who worked together for common sense.   I visited with those families. I have seen the impact on children. I  have seen the stories of grades improving in school. I have seen the  stories of people who have come out of prison as we met, Senator, who  have gone to work making their communities safer, doing violence  intervention, helping other people not go the same way.   This is what happens when we affirm human dignity. This is what  happens when we understand how powerful and urgent families are in  America. This is what happens when we live the values we swear an oath  to with our hand over our heart--liberty and justice for all.   So yes, today, again, I wish Senator Grassley were here. I might try  to hug him one more time in honor of the anniversary. But this is a  time when we should be celebrating this incredible step toward justice.   But I will tell Senator Durbin, we called this the First Step Act. I  remember the press conferences we had, Republicans and Democrats  standing together and saying: This is the first step, but we still have  work to do because we are still a nation where the majority of women  incarcerated are survivors of sexual violence. We are still a nation  where people struggling with addiction more easily find jail than  treatment. We are still a nation where our prisons and jails are filled  with people who are mentally ill and need medical care that they do not  receive. We are still a nation where you get better justice if you are  rich and guilty than if you are poor and innocent.   So let us celebrate progress. Let us celebrate success. But let us  double down again on making our Nation real for everyone because if you  want to judge a nation, don't just look at the size of their military,  the height of their towers. Go to the dark places. Go to the shadows on  this holiday season, celebrating a man who focused on the least of  these, as it says in Matthew 25. Did you visit me in prison? If you go  there, you see the unfinished business.   If you celebrate this season, remember those who are in solitary  confinement, remember those who are suffering unjustly, and remember  those most in need of our empathy, our grace, our love.   The First Step Act was the height of my experiences as a Senator, but  the United States of America and this greatest deliberative body--we  can go higher.   I yield the floor.    Senator, I have four words: Joe Zogby for President.   Thank you.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today for a moment of reflection  about an extraordinary person, and I would like permission to give Zach  McCue permission to sit next to me while I give these remarks that will  most certainly embarrass him tremendously.    Thank you very, very much, Mr. President. Thank you very  much for the fist pump, Mr. President. I know that you have a lot of  appreciation and love for New Jersey, so this is really a New Jersey  moment. So thank you, sir.   I rise today with an extraordinary amount of joy but sadness, an  extraordinary amount of pride but a sense of loss because today I get a  chance to say a few words about my very embarrassed, longtime friend,  member of my staff, Zach McCue.   Now, Zach has been a member of my staff my entire time in the U.S.  Senate. In fact, he predated me in this office because Zach worked for  my predecessor, Senator Frank Lautenberg. So he has served in this  institution and has served the people of New Jersey for 12 years.   But now he is moving out to new gardens within the Garden State. Zach  has a title in my office. He is the deputy State director, but the  truth of the matter is, that title does little justice to the grand  import and enormous impact of this incredible young man.   Zach, I believe, is one of those people who is an unsung hero, who  makes Congress work and, in so many ways, has made indelible  contributions to New Jersey. If the highest calling of our country is  service to it, then Zach is someone who embodies that ideal of public  service and patriotism.   He has worked tirelessly. He has worked indefatigably. He has worked  relentlessly in service of our State. I know he works around the clock  because occasionally I disturb him at some late hours.   But the truth of the matter is, as hard as he works, he works away  from the limelight, not capturing headlines, not sucking oxygen out of  rooms but, in so many ways, making the difference that New Jerseyans  feel.   I have seen him and how he deals with people. In a time when so many  people don't feel like they are seen or appreciated, he is somebody who  embodies empathy and has an extraordinary ability to connect with  others, to allow them to feel like they matter, to feel heard, and to  so often have their issues addressed.   And more than just being someone who is extraordinary with people, he  has a pretty incredible mind to grasp complicated policy. He is a bit  of a wonk. He has a flash of the nerdiness in him. But that knowledge,  that acumen, that policy expertise, he has put to work on behalf of New  Jerseyans.   Now, I know that infrastructure is not the sexiest issue in America,  but for New Jerseyans, it is vital. Over 700,000 people commute just to  New York, and that doesn't include those who commute into Philly as  well. And infrastructure in our State is critical, and this has been  one of Zach's primary areas of focus. He has had extraordinary drive  and focus that has helped to advance so much critical infrastructure  work in our State.   And more than this, his mastery of knowledge of other issues of  import to New Jerseyans, from environmental justice to social justice,  has made him such a powerful force in our State and, indeed, he has  made me a better U.S. Senator.   Zach is a Jersey boy. I think if there were a Mount Rushmore of New  Jersey, he might be eligible to stand up upon that pantheon of some of  the great Jerseyans like Bruce and Bon Jovi. He is a rock star, at  least in our office, and a guy that grew up in Jersey. He grew up in  Rumson, and he has raised his family with his incredibly indulgent wife  Meg in Cranford.   Zach joined Lautenberg's office early, right after graduating from  Penn State, which is sort of a Western Jersey college. And after 2  years with Senator Lautenberg, including a stint actually as his  driver--and I hear that he was OK as a driver--Zach joined an  environmental nonprofit in New Jersey focusing on environmental issues,  where he worked on the issues that he still holds dear, things like  protecting our coastal and marine resources and leaving behind a  cleaner and healthier New Jersey environment for generations.   And then, in 2014, he joined my office and, as a new Senator, as a  junior Senator, he grew with my office and helped to lead our office to  being the success we are today.   He continues to lead on our team on issues he knows so well, from  environmental issues so that we can make sure that we deal with the  threat of climate change head-on; transportation and infrastructure,  moving critical programs that, but for him, would not be seeing the  kind of success we see today, like the Gateway project moving forward;  and overall improvements to consumer safety and to reliability and so  much more.   During the earliest and darkest days of the COVID pandemic, when our  team was working overtime to help constituents in need and doing Zoom  call after Zoom call, working early in the morning to late at night, I  got to see Zach's leadership in this dark time shine like a North Star.   No. 1, he helped to hold our office together amongst the strain and  the challenges that were on each and every one of us. He helped us to  stay focused on our purpose. He brought humor and groundedness to the  work. And every day, he rose with that heroic compassion and empathy  for the challenges that New Jerseyans were facing.   Look, this is an extraordinary institution, and very famous people  have sat in the seats here since 1859. But the truth of this  institution that doesn't get told often enough is that, for every great  Senator, there are usually greater staff people who empower them in the  mission.   I have served in this institution for a decade, and I say, with no  false modesty but just the truth, that I have been the Senator I am  today because of the leadership that Zach has brought to my team each  and every day.   We have a calling here as Senators in this deliberative body, and  that is to be of service, that is to rise to challenges, and that is to  give dignity to the office and to be there for people.   This office has been successful over these 10 years because of Zach.  I am grateful to him. I am grateful to his family who raised him. I am  grateful for his spouse and his children who have supported and loved  him through his service. And most of all, I know that even though New  Jerseyans don't know his name up and down our State, I know that our  State is profoundly grateful.   As Zach prepares to leave our office, the good news is, he may be  leaving the employ of the U.S. Senate, but he is not leaving the  service of our State. He is going on to another public service job.   I and my team wish him the best of luck. Once you are a part of the  Booker team, you are always part of the Booker team.   But what excites me most is that Zach is a young guy with a heart  full of love and a soul driven by commitment to country and to people.  And so as great as his service was to us, I suspect that he still has  some extraordinary great days ahead of him.   And so it is with a lot of sadness but a lot of gratitude, it is with  a lot of pride but a lot of just missing him already, I say from the  Senate floor into the Senate Record, a hearty, hearty thank-you to my  friend, to my team leader, and to a great American, Zach McCue. Thank  you.   No applause from the Gallery, please. That is against Senate  regulation. Thank you very much.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   