 Madam President, I rise today to speak about a gross  miscarriage of justice--the imprisonment of Mark Swidan by the  Government of China and the Chinese Communist Party.   Mark is from Luling, a small city in my home State of Texas. His  mother, Ms. Katherine Swidan, still lives in Luling, while Mark  eventually became a resident of Houston, my hometown. For over 10  years, Katherine has been waging a desperate battle to see her son  again.   In 2012, Mark traveled to China on a business trip, which turned into  a nightmare. On November 13, 2012, Mark was abducted by China's Public  Security Bureau while he was taking his family back home. A witness to  the abduction has said that Mark was detained because Chinese officials  wanted to view the contents of his cell phone.   Mark was accused of being a part of a criminal conspiracy with 11  other individuals to manufacture and traffic drugs--charges that Mark  has denied and which have been debunked over and over again.   Chinese authorities tried to coerce Mark into confessing. He refused,  and he pleaded not guilty in a trial that occurred in November 2013.  During the trial, the prosecution didn't produce any forensic evidence  to back up their allegations, and no drugs were found on Mark or in his  hotel room. Records in Mark's passport showed that he wasn't even in  China during the time of the alleged offenses, and the 11 other  individuals indicted in relation to this alleged drug conspiracy  couldn't identify Mark. Nevertheless, outrageously, in 2019, a Chinese  court sentenced Mark to death.   Mark remains unjustly detained today. He is suffering in a Chinese  prison right now, as we speak. In prison, Mark has been kept in  deplorable, abusive conditions. His jailers seek to break his will and  break his faith. They have confiscated his Bible and his rosary. Mark's  cell exposes him to extreme heat and extreme cold. He is deprived of  sleep and subjected to physical abuse. He is in danger of high blood  pressure, skin infections, and asthma. He has lost more than 100  pounds. His health is dire. Throughout all of this, Mark has been  denied access to his family and access to American diplomats.   Mark has communicated with his mother, and his mother has told me and  told the world that the Chinese communist government has failed to  break Mark's faith, which remains strong.   I spoke with Mark's mother earlier this week. This is a mom whose  heart is breaking. This is a mom who wants to see her son again. This  is a mom who wants to hold and hug and care for the son she loves.   The treatment of Mark has been atrocious, so much so that even the  United Nations has called on China to release him. The Working Group on  Arbitrary Detention--a U.N. group of human rights experts who  investigate cases of arbitrary detention around the world--found that  Mark is being held in violation of customary international law and  international norms, including the Universal Declaration of Human  Rights.   The world can see that the Chinese Communist Party is trying to use  hostages and hostage taking as a tool of statecraft. The Chinese  Communist Party says they want to be taken seriously as a great power  and a great nation, and they say they want to be respected on the  global stage. But their treatment of Mark is not how great nations and  great powers behave; their treatment of Mark is how third-world despots  act.   I have drafted and this week introduced a resolution calling on the  Chinese Government and the Chinese Communist Party to immediately  release Mark. I am joined by my colleague from Texas, Senator Cornyn,  and by Representative Cloud from Texas in the House, who has introduced  the same resolution in the House of Representatives. This resolution  not only calls for Mark's immediate release, it also condemns China for  withholding from Mark access to his family and to proper medical care.   Furthermore, it calls on the Biden administration to prioritize  efforts to secure Mark's release, both in their conversations with  Chinese diplomats and in international forums. In a few days, Secretary  of State Blinken will be in Beijing, and he will have an opportunity to  finish the final chapter of this tragedy. I am calling on the Biden  administration to use all of the tools at our disposal to secure Mark's  release, and I am calling on the Government of China to finally release  Mark.   This ordeal has to end. It has to end for Mark. It has to end for his  mother. It has to end for his family. We must and will do more so that  Mark can come home.   I yield the floor.   