 Mr. President, over the weekend, Congress narrowly avoided  a government shutdown. It is ridiculous that it got this close. While  we avoided this disaster for now, I am disappointed that partisan  dysfunction prevented Congress from extending U.S. support for Ukraine  at such a critical time.   As Ukraine continues their counteroffensive and their most recent aid  package is drawn down, we must work quickly to get Ukraine more of the  weapons and support they need to beat Putin, because, make no mistake,  that is what this is about--whether Vladimir Putin comes out the other  side of this emboldened or defeated.   Our military leaders have made clear that China's and Russia's  aggression are the top threats that we face. While President Xi of  China watches, Putin has authorized cyber attacks against the United  States and proven himself a war criminal willing to invade his  Democratic neighbors and intentionally--intentionally--murder women and  children and abduct Ukrainian youth from their parents in an effort to  recreate the Soviet empire.   Whether Putin is successful in Ukraine has serious implications for  U.S. national security. Up to this point, this invasion has been a  massive strategic failure for him. He underestimated the courage and  the fight of the Ukrainian people to defend their homeland, which I  have seen firsthand in Kyiv. He also underestimated the will of the  United States and our allies to quickly and effectively support  Ukraine.   Over the course of the now 20-month war, we have sent Ukraine the  equivalent of a small fraction of our yearly defense budget. This has  included guns, artillery, ammunition, tanks, missile systems and more.  It has also included the training on how to use and maintain these  systems. Now, as it should be, this support has been carefully  evaluated and targeted based on what Ukraine needs most on the  battlefield. It is not a blank check. It is tracked closely. I have  seen this myself during two visits to Poland and Ukraine. It has also  had the impact of allowing us to modernize our own stockpiles.   Think about what this support means for our own national security.  Russia's massive army is now a shadow of its former self. They have  lost thousands of armored vehicles, tanks, and artillery pieces.  They've lost hundreds of aircraft. They are experiencing the limits of  their own power, and they have resorted to forced conscription of their  own citizens to fill their ranks.   China is watching this, and they are witnessing the staying power and  the strength of the coalition that we lead.   Ukraine is on the move, making steady progress in a counteroffensive  to take back their country. Russia is losing.   Now is not the time to let up. It is time to push forward. A majority  of Republicans and Democrats in both the House and Senate agree. We  know that. So, while partisan dysfunction got in the way over the  weekend, we have got to work together to extend the support that  Ukraine needs. For the sake of Ukraine's freedom and our own national  security, we must get this done--and quickly.   I yield the floor.   