 Mr. Speaker, I have only been here for 5 months, but I  already have been blamed for things I have and have not done, for  actions we did or didn't take.   We are here now. We are here now at a moment where Americans, by  design or default, have given us a bipartisan government, and the House  Republicans delivered on a promise to hold up the Federal Government  for accountability and we have an agreement. That agreement will move  this Nation forward.   I will speak very specifically about one component. I, Mr. Speaker,  grew up on food stamps. My mother, diagnosed with depression, would not  have survived without that assistance. She was encouraged and worked  hard and got on her feet and ultimately achieved independence.   For the last 12 years, I have administered a social service agency in  the State of New York.   The Fiscal Responsibility Act takes important action, not to punish  our most vulnerable at all. In fact, takes real steps to ensure those  most vulnerable among us are protected and served and have access to  the support that they deserve and, by the way, find their way to work.   This bill holds States like New York and others accountable. It holds  them accountable for waiving restrictions, expanding access, not to  help the most vulnerable, but to bloat and to grow and to increase  State government.   Because of action States have taken, the most vulnerable are left to  fend for themselves, demoralized, dehumanized, and feeling worthless,  while States like New York increase their infrastructure, their  government, and leverage Federal taxpayer dollars, not to benefit those  who need the help the most, but to benefit State government.   This bill starts a very important step of holding States accountable  and assisting those who are most vulnerable among us.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues not only to support the rule, but  to support the underlying bill. We have an opportunity here to make a  measurable difference in the lives of those who struggle the most, and  this is an effort to ensure that happens.   