 Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to this  amendment. My Republican colleagues continue to argue against this so- called woke-ism in the military.   I ask my colleagues: Can they define what being woke is? According to  the Florida Governor's own legal team, it is defined as ``the belief  there are systemic injustices in American society and the need to  address them.''   Mr. Chair, I have news for my colleagues. We need to be woke. We have  decades and centuries of injustices and inequities heaped upon women,  the LGBTQ+ community, Black and Latino, Native American and Asian, and  so many other populations in our Nation.   Mr. Chair, while the Republicans and their friends across the country  try to ban books and erase our history from school textbooks, we are  fighting to defend the truth and our history.   Yes, I am woke, and more of my colleagues need to be woke.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Ms. Clark), the whip of the Democratic Party.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Smith), the ranking member of the Armed Services  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, my Republican colleagues insist that  government should run more like a business, yet they are focused on  creating divisions in the military instead of following the same  practices as our best defense companies--companies like Lockheed  Martin, Boeing, and Raytheon--who all have a chief diversity officer  role or equivalent.   We are in the middle of a recruitment crisis. Mr. Chairman, instead  of championing programs that will make it more enticing for  underrepresented Americans to join the service, they are instead trying  to make it more difficult for our military recruitment efforts to be  successful.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this ill-advised amendment.  Let's put our servicemembers, our national security, and their needs  ahead of this amendment that does nothing but divide our country,  divide our military. Let's continue to have strength in our military,  and that strength comes from the diversity of our servicemembers.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, the previous speaker, the maker of this amendment, talked  about being exhausting. This issue that he has brought before this body  and the committee is exhausting.   Just this week, the sponsor of this amendment called diversity,  equity, and inclusion in the military a ``failed experiment.'' He has  called it cancerous.   Just this week, a Senator from Alabama stated that it was his opinion  that white nationalists are not necessarily racist and refused to  denounce white nationalists serving in the military; all of this with  the backdrop of the same Senator holding up hundreds of military  nominations, which is actively hurting our national security, something  that this NDAA bill would address.   To what end? The U.S. Marine Corps does not have a confirmed  commandant, as we speak.   Yet, just an hour ago, on this very floor, one of the Members on the  other side of this body said that his amendment had nothing to do,  whether colored people or Black people can serve.   Mr. Chairman, these comments show exactly why we need diversity,  equity, and inclusion initiatives. Every day our military grows more  diverse, more and more reflecting the diversity of our Nation.   This amendment does nothing to address the recruitment shortfalls  that our services are facing and, instead, it will only make it more  difficult to recruit Americans of diverse backgrounds representing the  true makeup of our Nation.  [[Page H3551]]     What are you so afraid of? Why do you keep bringing  these divisive issues to the body of this floor. You are out of order.  You are exhausting.   