 Mr. Speaker, in the ever-expanding realm of  space-based architecture, we have witnessed an unprecedented growth in  commercial, academic, and military applications over the past two  decades.   As we enter into a new era of space exploration and innovation, it  has become imperative for the United States to move at the speed of  business, embracing agility and efficiency in our regulatory approach.   The Satellite And Telecommunications Streamlining Act, or SAT Act,  represents a transformative step toward ensuring that our regulations  keep pace with the dynamic and rapidly evolving satellite  communications ecosystem.   This bill directs the FCC to establish new rules for licensing  satellite communications systems that describe crucial performance  objectives within a defined timeframe of 18 months.   These performance objectives will provide certainty to satellite  operators seeking a spectrum license so they understand the  requirements they must meet in order to avoid interfering with other  space systems.   This bill would also direct the agency to decide on new license  applications within 1 year.   The SAT Act provides a streamlined application process for satellite  communications providers, and with the goal of promoting U.S.  leadership in the satellite communications industry.   During these contentious geopolitical times, the importance of space- based assets for our national security cannot be overstated. Many of  these assets are critical to safeguarding our Nation's interests and  are extensively utilized for national security applications.   By providing an updated and efficient licensing process, the SAT Act  ensures that these vital space assets remain protected from harmful  interference and operation.   With the satellite ecosystem constantly evolving as technologies and  innovations come online, it is paramount that regulations governing  them are able to keep pace to ensure we remain ahead of our  adversaries, especially as the Department of Defense continues to rely  on innovations in commercial satellite technology.   We must update Federal regulations so that industry can deliver  requirements to the warfighters at the pace that they demand.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my esteemed colleagues to pass the SAT Act,  recognizing its potential to drive our Nation's competitiveness in the  space domain.   By streamlining regulatory processes, we set the stage for a future  where American businesses can contribute to our continued leadership in  space.   Let us unite in embracing this transformative legislation, ensuring  that the United States remains at the forefront of communications  technology and innovation in space.   