 Mr. Chair, I thank the distinguished gentleman from the  great State of Maryland for his tremendous leadership.   I rise today in opposition to the amendment, as well as to the  underlying bill, the so-called REIN ACT, which is not really designed  to do anything meaningful in terms of addressing the economic concerns  of the American people.   That is consistent with the fact that over the last 2 months of this  extreme MAGA Republican majority, they have been focused on doing  anything but dealing with the real kitchen-table pocketbook concerns of  the American people.   Over the last year or so, all we heard was that this extreme MAGA  Republican majority was going to try to address the economic concerns  of everyday Americans.   So we have been waiting and waiting and waiting for the big, grand  Republican plan--waiting for it, notwithstanding the fact that  President Biden's administration has done a tremendous job pulling us  out of a once-in-a-century pandemic, and in partnership with Democrats  through the American Rescue Plan, saved the economy from a deep  recession, put shots in arms, money in pockets, kids back in school,  invested in the infrastructure of this country, which will create  millions of good-paying jobs; passed the CHIPS and Science Act to bring  domestic manufacturing jobs back home to the United States of America;  passed the Inflation Reduction Act to strike a dramatic blow against  the climate crisis, set our planet on a sustainable trajectory forward;  strengthened the Affordable Care Act, lower healthcare costs, drive  down the high price of lifesaving prescription drugs for millions of  Americans, including many on insulin, which will now be reduced to $35  a month.   That is the economic record of this administration: 12 million good- paying jobs created over the last 2 years, record unemployment.   Yes, we still have challenges that we need to address as we try to  emerge from this inflationary environment that has afflicted the entire  world.   Oh, by the way, the United States' economy has emerged from COVID in  a better position than any other developed country because of the Biden  economic plan and the partnership with House Democrats and Senate  Democrats.   But we have been waiting and waiting and waiting for the grand  Republican plan, and here it is, the so-called REIN IN Act. Three  pages. Three pages.   What does it call for? Reports. Reports. It is the grand Republican  economic plan. Why? Because you have been focused on the wrong things.   Now, House Democrats, we are going to continue to invest in the  American people, invest in education and job training, invest in  transportation and infrastructure, invest in research and development,  invest in technology and innovation, invest in the creation and  preservation of affordable housing, invest in the health, the safety,  the economic well-being of the American people.   That is our plan. We are going to continue to put people over  politics. We get three pages calling for reports, the so-called REIN IN  Act.   Here is what we should be reining in. We should be reining in the  extreme MAGA Republican effort to cut Social Security.   We should rein in the extreme MAGA Republican effort to cut Medicare;  rein in the extreme MAGA Republican effort to criminalize reproductive  freedom and impose a nationwide ban; rein in the extreme MAGA  Republican effort to crash the United States' economy and default on  our debt for the first time in American history.   We should be reining in your effort to hand over sensitive security  footage from the January 6 violent insurrection to an avowed conspiracy  theorist. That is what we should be reining in.   A three-page plan calling for reports is not a serious effort to  address the challenges facing the American people, but we will continue  to be serious about putting people over politics, fighting for lower  costs, fighting for better-paying jobs, fighting for safer communities,  fighting for reproductive freedom, and defending our democracy at all  costs.    