 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment made in order by  the rule.    Mr. Chair, the HALT Fentanyl Act is one of the  most important pieces of legislation this body could possibly address.   We all understand something must be done to stop this deadly drug  from killing more of our loved ones. I do not believe our communities  that are being ravaged by fentanyl can wait long while this important  legislation is implemented.   That is why I am offering this simple amendment to speed up the  process of rulemaking by the Attorney General.   My amendment will cut the timeline for interim final rulemaking by  the Attorney General in half. I repeat, in half.   Law enforcement needs these tools to keep our community safe, and my  amendment seeks to save lives across our country by requiring the  Attorney General to expedite the rulemaking process while allowing  enough time for sound policymaking.   Fentanyl is killing far too many people year after year in Ohio. In  March alone, 130 people died from fentanyl overdoses just in Cuyahoga  County.   We must come together here in Congress to address this with the  urgency that it needs. Focusing on substance use disorder treatments  and harm reduction techniques alone will not address the unique threat  posed by fentanyl and fentanyl-related substances that can kill a  person instantly when laced with other substances or pills. We must  keep Americans safe.   I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support my  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Bucshon).    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Indiana for  his support.   Last month, in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, law enforcement confiscated  rainbow fentanyl, which is designed to resemble candy and this deadly  drug is marketed to children. Simply put, this is death disguised as  candy.   Just last month, local law enforcement, the DEA, and the United  States District Attorney's Office busted an organized drug trafficking  ring involving 18 individuals who were involved in the distribution of  fentanyl across the communities I represent in Ohio's Seventh  Congressional District.   Mr. Chair, once again, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle to support my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   