 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member McGovern for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I had hoped to rise today to offer an amendment which  was a clarifying amendment, which would have clarified what the  resolution before us today meant by the words ``socialist'' and  ``socialism.''   None of us have any objection to, in fact, embrace the whereas  clauses that we condemn egregious examples of totalitarian  authoritarianism and the excesses thereof. But we are very concerned  about what the resolved clause means and the way ``socialism'' is  defined. There are many ways to look at socialism.   My amendment simply was to clarify that the implementation of any  opposition of socialist policy in the United States does not include  Federal programs such as Medicare, Social Security, TRICARE, VA  Healthcare, the VA Loan program, VA burial benefits, and VA  homelessness programs.   But you know what? Unfortunately, the Committee on Rules last night  blocked my amendment. The rejection of my amendment sends a clear  message to the American people under this Republican majority.   Social Security and Medicare and veterans benefits are not safe  because they construe those to be socialist programs.   This resolution being considered today is really ridiculous. It  dishonestly conflates any effort to improve the lives of Americans with  the violence of totalitarian Communist regimes. Without my amendment,  it could only be read as an attack on Social Security, Medicare, and  veterans' benefits.   The programs my amendment specifies helps veterans receive  healthcare, aid struggling families who have fallen on hard times, and  support millions of Americans by ensuring they receive the benefits  they have spent their life working and paying for.   Medicare, Social Security, TRICARE, VA Healthcare, the VA Home Loan  program, VA burial benefits, and efforts to end veteran homelessness  are programs every Member of this body should be proud to support. But  instead, my colleagues on the other side have spent years attempting to  undermine and dismantle them, and they are doing it again with this so- called resolution. This so-called anti-socialism resolution is simply  the latest volley in an assault that goes back decades.   Despite these attacks, the programs my amendment defends are  overwhelmingly supported by the American people. Americans know that  these policies work. They are practical. They are beyond ideology. They  are simply common sense. The people want us to join together to bolster  and expand them, not to denigrate and defund them and play stupid games  to distract and propose red herring amendments such as this to get us  off the track of working for the American people.   