 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Louisiana for  the kind words and gracious introduction.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to talk with respect to School Choice  Week here in the United States and to address the dire need for  education reform across our country.   As a child, I attended public schools. In New York, we have some  truly phenomenal public schools. When I was in second grade, I was  among the youngest people in my class with a September birthday, and my  teacher, an immigrant from Russia, said to my parents that she felt it  was important for me to be left back because I needed time to mature  and grow.   My parents were open to the idea so long as she was my teacher again,  and at the time, that was not the program. They would give you another  teacher within the grade.   So, my parents pushed until the school acquiesced and allowed her to  teach me a second time. It was the best thing that ever happened to me  because it gave me the opportunity to grow, to mature, to develop. I  went from being one of the youngest in my class to the oldest in my  class, and that had a profound impact on me.   As my colleague pointed out, when I graduated college, I graduated as  the valedictorian of my class. I don't say that as a bragging point; I  say it as the result, the direct impact, that that moment had on my  life from an education standpoint.   As I think about education and the impact that it has on our  communities and our children, I believe in school choice. I believe not  only in the right of parents to choose what education is best for their  child but in the right of a child to get the education that will put  them on a path to success in their careers, an education that will  accentuate their skills and their talents.   Whether that is a public school education or a private school  education, a charter school or a vocational school, those options must  be available to every child. No child should ever be victim to a poor  education because of their parent's wealth or their ZIP Code.   Too often, we see that children are left in substandard schools  because of politics, and it is wrong. As I mentioned, I am a product of  public schools. My sister-in-law is a special education teacher in the  very district that I graduated from. She is part of the teachers union.  I respect and admire our teachers across America who provide a valuable  education to our children, but we must ensure, number one, that every  child has access to a quality education and, number two, that parents,  not bureaucrats, certainly not the teachers union, have a say over  their child's education.   As we recognize School Choice Week, I think it is important to  recognize the quality education that is provided in our public schools,  yes, but also in our private schools, our religious schools, our  parochial schools, and yeshivas. They provide an important education,  not just with respect to the basics of math, science, English, and  history, but a religious foundation that plays such a pivotal role in a  child's life.   We must recognize the role vocational schools play. At a young age,  we should be helping children identify what their skills are, what  their talents are, what their interests are so that they have a path to  success.    Not everyone is meant to go to college. College is a great thing. As  somebody who graduated at the top of my class, I believe in a college  education, but it is not necessary for everyone.   In this country, some of our most successful people don't have  college degrees. They went the route of a vocational school. They own  and operate their own business within the trades. They employ hundreds,  if not thousands, of people. They contribute greatly to our economy and  communities.   For me, as we move forward, we need to continue to invest critical  resources in education at the Federal level, at the State level, and at  the local level. We need to protect local control of schools, and we  need to protect the rights of parents when it comes to their child's  education.   All of this is so critical as we move forward to ensure that our  children have a bright future and that they are productive and  contributing members of our society.   Education is the civil rights issue of our generation. It is so  critical to ensure that every child receives the quality education they  are entitled to.   When we look at what has happened over the last few years, especially  with the COVID-19 pandemic, where so many schools were shut down and  children were forced to learn remotely, we  [[Page H318]]  saw devastating impacts and irreparable harm put upon our children.  Nine-year-olds lost ground in math for the first time since the 1970s.  Scores in reading fell by the largest margin in more than 30 years.   The damage was not felt equally across all demographics. Schools that  remained open, or were closed for a shorter duration, did not see the  same decline in student performance. Unfortunately, high-poverty  districts that went remote for a majority of the pandemic will need to  spend nearly all of their Federal education aid just to recover from  these losses.   Such disparities are not new, and the COVID-19 pandemic has shone new  light on issues that have been plaguing many communities for a long  time.   Students in poor communities, whether they are urban or rural, tend  to have lower test scores, literacy rates, and graduation rates than  their peers. Meanwhile, the presence of alternatives to underperforming  schools has been able to improve student outcomes substantially,  slashing the achievement gap.   In the two decades since school choice programs were enacted in  Florida, fourth grade reading performance rose 26 percent among  African-American students, 27 percent among Hispanic students, and 29  percent among students from low-income households. Similarly, math  performance rose 27 points among African-American students, 19 points  among Hispanic students, and 21 points among low-income students.   In my State of New York, charter schools have made a big difference  in some of the same students that struggle. According to 2019 test  scores, 63 percent of charter school students in grades three through  eight passed the State math exam compared to 46 percent for traditional  public school students. Additionally, 57 percent of charter school  students in the same grade levels were proficient in English language  arts while the percentage for traditional public school students was 47  percent.   Any discussion on education reform must include school choice and  support for it and support for our vocational schools, parochial  schools, traditional private schools, and charter schools. We have to  have an all-of-the-above approach. We need to empower communities,  parents, and students, as well as our educators, to ensure that every  child gets the education they deserve.   