 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of an  American patriot, Vietnam veteran, and amazing man who couldn't be more  deserving of having his name displayed on the U.S. Post Office in Mount  Vernon, Georgia.   Second Lieutenant Patrick Palmer Calhoun, a native of Mount Vernon,  Georgia, located in the 12th District of Georgia, my district, was born  on March 19, 1941.   After graduating from Montgomery County High School in 1959, Second  Lieutenant Calhoun attended the University of Georgia, where he joined  the ROTC and earned his pilot's license while finishing his junior year  of college. That next year, Calhoun graduated and enrolled in his first  year of law school at the University of Georgia, where he met the love  of his life, Jane Dunham, whom he later married in 1963. That same  year, Jane and Patrick's only child, Catherine Ruth Calhoun, was born  on November 29.   Shortly after Catherine was born, Second Lieutenant Calhoun answered  the call to serve and willingly put down his books and put on his  uniform, joining the United States Army, where he was first stationed  at Fort Benning, now known as Fort Moore, near Columbus, Georgia.   Later, after completing flight training in Mineral Wells, Texas,  Calhoun was deployed on his first assignment in Vietnam in 1964.   A born leader, Calhoun served as a rotary wing aviation unit  commander in South Vietnam, where his helicopter was tragically shot  down under hostile fire while dropping off troops in the spring of  1965.   Calhoun was declared missing in action before being declared deceased  at the young age of only 24 years old.   Lieutenant Patrick Palmer Calhoun was awarded the Distinguished  Flying Cross for his heroism and extraordinary achievements while  engaged in aerial flight.   Known for his contagious personality, Calhoun never met a stranger  and always enjoyed cutting a rug, as we say down South.   I am pleased to stand here today to ensure his name lives on for  years to come in his hometown of Mount Vernon, Georgia.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in honoring  Second Lieutenant Calhoun, his entire family, and his sacrifice to the  Nation we call home by voting in favor of H.R. 3944.   