 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for her leadership  on this.   I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 88 to block President Biden's  taxpayer-funded student loan bailout.   Here we go again. If you don't succeed, and the Supreme Court says it  is not constitutional, well, let's find another way, find another  mechanism.   That is exactly what we are facing today.   We are standing in the gap, Mr. Speaker. This rule unjustly imposes  an excessive burden on hardworking American taxpayers, who should not  be forced to shoulder the responsibility for student debt that is not  their own.   It is not a coincidence that on the same day the Supreme Court found  the Biden administration's first attempt at loan forgiveness  unconstitutional, the Department of Education announced this final rule  to allow a majority of bachelor's degree student loan borrowers to  avoid paying back even the principal on their loans.   Let me be clear: This rule does not offer genuine debt forgiveness.  Instead, it shifts the weight of $559 billion in Federal student loans  onto the shoulders of almost 90 percent of Americans who don't have  those student loans. This includes individuals who may earn  significantly less than those who took out the loans in the first  place.   Rather than addressing the root causes of a student loan debt crisis,  the administration would rather transfer the financial burden onto  taxpayers, exacerbating our ongoing issues with inflation and  contributing further to our staggering $33 trillion of national debt.  This approach is not only flawed but fundamentally unfair to those who  opted not to attend college, who diligently paid their own way through  school, or who have already successfully paid off their own student  loans.   This is what the White House is pushing. By the way, they are also  pushing dollars into institutions like Harvard, Penn, and other schools  where, as we found out this week, the presidents can't even admit there  are anti-Semitic, anti-Jewish hatred messages in their own institutions  happening. They can't even admit it.   As a Texan, I can confidently tell you that no hardworking  constituent in my district wants to pay for any degree at Harvard using  taxpayer money, certainly not ours. By the way, until the presidents of  those universities acknowledge the anti-Jewish messages and hatred that  has occurred on their college campuses, I urge Congress not to send  another dollar of Federal money to any of those institutions.   House Republicans are blocking the Biden administration's illogical  and  [[Page H6724]]  unreasonable student bailout program, and I urge my colleagues to join  me in this effort.   Let's be clear: It is not fair and not American, and the Supreme  Court has said it is unconstitutional that Americans should bear the  burden of student loans that they did not incur themselves.   Mr. Speaker, for that reason, I urge a strong stance on this, and I  urge my colleagues to protect the hard-earned dollars of American  taxpayers and prevent further financial strain.   