 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment made in order by the  rule.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to  better secure our advanced air mobility future.   The Advanced Air Mobility Infrastructure Pilot Program that is  currently in law provides grants to airport sponsors, transit agencies,  or other government subdivisions to develop comprehensive plans to  advanced air mobility infrastructure.   Under current law, the Secretary of Transportation is required to  prioritize awarding grants to eligible recipients that collaborate,  with a few criteria. Here are those criteria: that they are a  commercial advanced air mobility entity, that they are an institution  of higher education, that they are a research institute, or that they  are some other relevant stakeholder in this process.   Mr. Chair, my amendment is very simple. It adds the Department of  Defense and the National Guard to this list of eligible recipients.  There are many qualified airports throughout the Nation that already  have a DOD or National Guard presence that are ready to innovate and  help develop drone and related infrastructure.   This amendment is a small way to help ensure DOD and the National  Guard have a voice in this important future-looking endeavor,  especially given that our men and women in uniform likely have  expertise in this area.  [[Page H3821]]  Not only will they help develop this technology with their expertise,  but they will literally be on the front lines of utilizing this  technology.   Mr. Chair, I am glad that the underlying legislation takes steps to  extend this pilot program, and I urge my colleagues to support my  amendment to add the Department of Defense and the National Guard to  those lists of entities that are eligible.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield for a question?   Mr. Chairman, I was trying to get the gentleman's attention to see if  he would yield for a question about his opposition.   So would the gentleman care to answer a question?    It is currently my time. I guess my question to the  gentleman is--this is very short--it says--literally it is a sentence-- ``in paragraph 4(b) by inserting `the Department of Defense and the  National Guard' before `or'''--I don't see anything in there in my  amendment that will bias the Secretary of Transportation to only  utilize fields that have a DOD or National Guard presence. In fact, the  opposite could be argued, that those fields, because they have a DOD or  a National Guard presence, would somehow be excluded from the  gentleman's pilot program.   So, Mr. Chairman, I am happy to yield to him very briefly if he cares  to answer what his opposition is.   He doesn't care to address that, which indicates to me that he is  either unsure or doesn't know or that I might be right in that.   Anyway, I still do believe that if we are having a pilot program then  it ought to be open to more of our fields and not fewer of those  fields.   Mr. Chair, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to the time remaining.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Puerto Rico (Mrs. Gonzalez-Colon).    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Puerto Rico.    Mr. Chairman, in closing, I, again, appeal to my  colleagues. I believe this is a commonsense amendment to a pilot  program.   I can assure the gentleman that, yes, if my amendment is adopted on  this then I will also be voting against an amendment that would end the  underlying pilot program. I think he will have many others of us doing  the exact same thing. So the gentleman can help himself, Mr. Chair, if  he would be willing to accept my amendment, but that is up to those in  opposition.   Mr. Chair, I appeal for approval of my amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.  [[Page H3822]]        