 Mr. President, my colleague the Senator from Arizona  speaks and spoke with the authority of a person who committed his life,  before he came to the U.S. Senate, to the service of our country in the  military. I do not speak with that authority. I speak with the  gratitude of a citizen who has benefited from the willingness of folks  like the Senator from Arizona to dedicate their professional lives to  the defense of our country.   In that respect, as a citizen, I speak for what all Americans have  come to expect and rely on, and that is the willingness of young men  and young women to sign up for service in the military--among them, the  people who make that commitment that this will be their careers. They  do it day in and day out, being ready for whatever may come, being  willing to respond to the call of the Commander in Chief no matter what  that may be, and all of us citizens who have not worn the uniform may  take it for granted that we have these folks out there.   What the Senator from Alabama is doing is essentially attacking that  willingness to serve by pulling the rug out from under the people who  have dedicated their lives, who have served with distinction, and who  have earned the promotions for which they have been nominated by the  President of the United States.   You can't have an organization that functions when you don't have  leaders. You can't have an organization that functions when the people  who have committed their lives to the profession and who perform with  great distinction and get that nomination for promotion aren't  promoted.   It does, as the Senator from Arizona described, erode morale, and it  erodes the effectiveness of the institution. The cascading effects will  be long term, and it is all on the basis of a willful determination to  essentially abuse the men and women of the military and to abuse the  military itself for an individual goal that is unrelated to the  performance of the military but that has a very detrimental impact on  the military.   But do you know there is another element here? We are Senators, so  that is a big position, and there is a lot of authority that goes with  that job. But can any of us look in a mirror and feel good about the  use of that authority when the effect of that power as it is being used  right now is just flat-out mean? It is mean to families. It is mean to  kids.   You have folks whose lives are committed to the service of the  military. They have been promoted. They are making a plan about taking  children out of the schools they are in and getting them into new  schools. That is incredibly disruptive, and it takes an immense amount  of love and concern on the part of the men and women of the military to  make certain, as they get promoted and move on in their careers and go  from where they are to where their next assignments are, that they take  care of those kids. That is incredibly important.   How can a Senator take an action that is going to cause so much  trauma for innocent people--including the children of these people--who  have earned the distinction of a promotion?   This has got to end. It has got to end. It has got to end because the  citizens of this country are entitled to a functioning military, and a  single Senator cannot intrude or should not intrude on the promotion  process. This has got to end so that we show respect for families and  the burden that goes along with moving from where you are to the next  duty station.   So I join with my colleagues in calling upon the Senator from Alabama  to stand down and let us act on these promotions. Our men and women in  the military deserve it, our military needs it, and the citizens of  this country are entitled to it.   I yield the floor.   