 Mr. Speaker, I am glad this House joint resolution is  before us today. We continue to march toward a different sort of  government, and part of that different sort of government is the ESG  ideology being imposed or encouraged on America's corporations.   This is an ideological push on corporations, of which there is too  much already. Already, particularly big corporations have seminars  giving the leftwing view of the environment, the leftwing view of race,  the leftwing view of agenda.   This is to further push down on them and say: Here you are, Mr. Big  Corporation. We will give you a nice pat on the back if you use all of  your stockholders' money to promote a political agenda.   Obviously, that should be offensive to any freedom-loving person in  America.   Of course, in addition to that, studies from UCLA and New York  University show that the average corporation that engages in this ESG  stuff, their market goes up 6.3 percent instead of 8.9 percent, so the  shareholders have to pay a price.   To me, secondarily to the shareholders paying a price is this pound,  pound, pound that we already get from the universities, that we already  get from the popular culture and Hollywood, and now we have to get it  from big business, that the traditional, freedom-loving moral values of  America are something to be stepped aside, and we, big corporate  America, are going to ingratiate ourselves to the leftwing bureaucrats  in Washington by following the ESG standards.   I am very grateful that my good friend from North Carolina has let me  give this speech, and I sincerely hope everybody stands up for freedom.   The other side of the aisle would not like it if the people who  decide what ESG was, was written by   Jim Jordan, okay? Maybe someday  that will happen. I don't know.   I liked it better when the big corporations stayed out of this thing,  but you want to put the sword over their throat and say: This is the  view of the world that you must adopt. You must have seminars and shove  it down the throats of your employees.   It will be a bad day for America if this thing doesn't pass.   