 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the override of  President Biden's veto of this resolution, which I was proud to  introduce alongside and with Chairman Sam Graves. Of course, this  repeals the EPA's new waters of the U.S. rule.   Mr. Speaker, I certainly recognize that this administration has never  seen an onerous rule it didn't like, but the President's veto of this  resolution reversing one of the Federal Government's most egregious  rules to date really takes the cake.   This resolution passed in both Chambers with a bipartisan vote, yet  the President and his administration refuse to even consider the  devastation this new WOTUS rule, if ultimately left intact by the  courts, will cause.   This new rule, with all its ambiguity, and therefore subjectivity,  was issued mere months before the Supreme Court is anticipated to  decide in Sackett v. EPA, a decision all but guaranteed to update the  definition of the WOTUS once again, making this mud puddle of  complexity even muddier.   While this is clear to many Members on both sides of the aisle here  in Congress, this administration continues to bow down to the demands  of radical environmentalists while ignoring the commonsense calls to  revoke this misguided rule.   Unfortunately, the inconsistencies so many of us have said would  result from this rule has already begun. Last week, a U.S. district  court judge issued a preliminary injunction on the rule after 24  attorneys general filed suit. However, this only applies in those 24  States, as well as Texas and Idaho following action within their own  courts. This means half of the country is currently subject to the rule  and the other half is not.   I am disappointed North Carolina's attorney general did not join that  effort. In North Carolina's Seventh Congressional District that I have  the honor to represent, storms can bring very heavy rains, and with  creeks, streams, and rivers everywhere throughout the landscape, water  lingering for short periods of time could easily be classified as a  WOTUS, depending on the viewpoint of the bureaucrat making the  judgment. Heavy fines, litigation, and even prosecution can and does  result.   Further, the overregulation and broad scope of interpretations of  this rule have grave implications for cattle, poultry, and hog farmers  in North Carolina. These farmers are often victims of environmentalists  and trial lawyers looking for a gotcha moment in their quest to upend  the efficiency and sustainability of our food system. This WOTUS rule  puts a target on their backs, and it is why my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle that also represent strong agricultural communities  supported this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, this vote today is an opportunity for our legislative  body to exercise one of its most basic but fundamental  responsibilities, to serve as a check on the executive branch when it  goes against the will and interests of the American people.   Mr. Speaker, this WOTUS rule clearly does that. I urge my colleagues  to support this override of the President's veto.   