 Mr. Speaker, I stand here today in staunch opposition  to the disastrous new criminal justice reform act passed by the D.C.  Council.   If enacted, the Revised Criminal Code Act of 2022 would effectively  prevent the local justice system from keeping criminals off of our  streets, all while D.C. grapples with a crime wave.   You see, sir, this is not a lecture. As a matter of fact, I spent a  career proudly wearing the uniform. I have stood the line between good  and evil. I have interrogated criminals. I have consoled victims.   In Washington, D.C., from February 2022 to February 2023, homicides  have increased 17 percent; motor vehicle theft is up 76 percent; total  property crime is up 24 percent. Every crime has a victim. Every victim  has a story.   Instead of working to stop crime, the D.C. Council chooses to  eliminate mandatory minimum sentences for all crimes, except first  degree murder, as part of the RCCA.   This misguided legislation also reduces maximum penalties for violent  crimes such as burglaries, carjackings, and robberies.   The D.C. Council is empowering criminals, empowering criminals at the  expense of the public, which is why I stand in absolute opposition to  their newest soft-on-crime plan.   To say that we are targeting the people of D.C., using them as  ``pinatas,'' how do you think the victims feel? Sadly, this procriminal  agenda has found its way into many other American cities and States,  including my home State of New York.   In fact, the D.C. law mirrors New York State's disastrous cashless  bail laws implemented by New York State Democrats. Cashless bail allows  criminals to commit crimes and be back out on the streets in record  time to commit more crimes and wreak havoc on more victims.   We have seen it recently in my own district, where illegal immigrants  robbed a store, were released without bail, and failed to report to  their court date afterward.   This progressive playbook on justice reform endangers the public,  treats criminals with kid gloves, and poses a serious risk to the  future of American cities and, most importantly, our Nation's Capital.    Instead of enabling criminals to escape punishment for their crimes,  we should empower judges and juries to impose responsible penalties for  crimes committed.    Mr. Speaker, we owe it to the people of Washington,  D.C., and the people of the United States of America who live in fear  of crime to fight criminals instead of working to protect them.   We must stop the Revised Criminal Code Act of 2022 from becoming law.   