 Mr. President, it is my honor and joy to join you in  welcoming our good friend Rabbi Peter Berg to the U.S. Senate today.   Rabbi Berg, thank you so very much for your inspiring prayer. It  lifts, before all of us, our highest ideals and reminds us of the  important work that we are called to do together.   It is always great to see you. As I often say, every Baptist preacher  needs a rabbi. And Peter Berg is not only the rabbi at The Temple; he  is my rabbi. And he is my friend.   For more than 15 years, Rabbi Berg has led The Temple, Atlanta's  largest and one of its most historic synagogues. Its history is so very  important not just for Atlanta's Jewish community but for my own  church, the Ebenezer Baptist Church, where Dr. King served and, indeed,  for the entire city of Atlanta. You are such an important leader in our  country.   For more than 50 years, Atlanta's Ebenezer Baptist Church, led by Dr.  King, has had a special relationship with The Temple. After Dr. King  won the Nobel Peace Prize, some folks in Atlanta didn't want to  celebrate it. They weren't certain that that was worthy of recognition.  But it was Rabbi Jacob Rothschild, The Temple's then-senior rabbi and a  champion for civil rights himself, who helped to bring the city  together to commemorate that important moment in the movement for  Georgians. It was an interracial dinner, and that, in and of itself,  was a movement forward at a time of deep divisions and some of the  darkest hours of our country.   And the special relationship has sustained to the present day, where  Rabbi Peter Berg, who is the fifth senior rabbi in The Temple's  history, and I, the fifth senior pastor in the history of Ebenezer  Baptist Church, have carried on that tradition of ecumenical, spiritual  friendship. And that friendship is genuine.   As you know, Rabbi, we have done a lot of important work together,  and I am so grateful for the long history of friendship between our two  congregations. This past March, I was honored to have you to serve as  the guest preacher for Ebenezer's 138th anniversary, and you preached  with all the fire of any Baptist preacher I know.   In fact, every year, our congregations come together to observe the  MLK holiday, and we worship and we work together as one beloved  community.   But beyond the doors of your congregation, Rabbi Berg has been a  stalwart champion for change in Georgia. He and I have served together  on too many occasions to count--from the Georgia Early Education  Alliance for Ready Students to Faith in Public Life, Faith Forces  Against Gun Violence, the Georgia Interfaith Public Policy Center; our  work together addressing the issue of mass incarceration in our  country; standing up against bigotry, racism, anti-Semitism,  Islamophobia. Wherever hatred rears its ugly head, we have spoken time  and time again together, as one voice. And because of that intersection  of faith and justice, you will see Rabbi Berg and you will hear his  voice time and time again.   We don't have enough time for me to run through all of Rabbi Berg's  accolades, of which there are many. Time and time again, he has been  recognized as one of the most influential spiritual leaders in our  State and in our Nation.   So on behalf of the State of Georgia, I join Senator Ossoff in  uplifting our appreciation for Rabbi Berg, who has been a source of  counsel and a partner in making what Congressman Lewis called ``good  trouble.''   And so during this season of Hanukkah and during this season of  Advent, I lift the words of Isaiah, who said that ``the people who  walked in darkness have seen a great light. ``   May our lights continue to shine in this world.   Rabbi Berg, I am so blessed to have you as a spiritual brother.   With that, I yield floor.   