 Mr. Speaker, for me it is a sad day to come to this House  floor. When I think of all the battles on this House floor over the  better part of a decade that I have been a part of and witnessing the  leadership of Kevin McCarthy, I have to flip Shakespeare on his head  today.   Mr. McCarthy loves the House of Commons and he loves this House of  Representatives, and so we are two nations, of course, separated by a  common language. It seems like it would be good to quote The Bard. I  come to this House floor to praise McCarthy, not bury him, because  Speaker Emeritus McCarthy has many years of leadership, decades of  leadership ahead, not only at home, not only here in America, but  around the world because of his leadership exhibited in this House.   As Shakespeare talked about, he, too, has suffered the slings and  arrows that life brings in the public world, in politics, in this  Capitol, in this House, but he has handled those every single day with  grace, with humor, with leadership, exhibiting his commitment to being  that happy warrior that we all know and love; that happy warrior that  worked to advance every Member of the House's objectives more than his  own, because that is how he is wired, Mr. Speaker. That is in his DNA  in recruiting candidates--minorities, vets, women, making the  Republican Party the party of the United States that reflects our  entire society that believes in those fundamental tenets of America.   He nurtured that in each of those Members once they were in this  House on their legislative priorities because he believes in his  favorite book's mantra that we want to go from good to great, and he  wanted every Member to go from good to great. Kevin McCarthy delivered  on that in his leadership responsibility in this House. He put the  right people in the right seat every time.   As I conclude, Mr. Speaker, in this tribute to my dear friend from  California, our Speaker Emeritus, I go back to Shakespeare, and like  Mr. McHenry from North Carolina, it is not farewell; it is adieu.   Let me tell you something, Mr. McCarthy, as they said in Henry V,  when you tackle the next agenda: ``Once more unto the breach, dear  friends,'' we are at your side. We are charging forward.   Mr. Speaker, may God bless him, God bless his family, and God bless  this House.   