 Mr. President, in a moment, I am going to put forward a  unanimous consent request to pass an important bill exercising  Congress's constitutional authority and approving the first modern  agreement regulating trade between the United States and Taiwan.   The bill was cosponsored by all 48 Democrats and Republicans on the  Ways and Means Committee and was ultimately passed in the House of  Representatives by a voice vote. It was originally put forward by Ways  and Means Committee Chair Smith and Ranking Member Neal, as well as  Senator Crapo and myself as chair and ranking member of the Finance  Committee.   Before I make this unanimous consent request on the bipartisan,  bicameral bill called the United States-Taiwan Initiative on 21st- Century Trade First Agreement Implementation Act, I want to highlight,  for just a couple of minutes, why this bill is so important.   First, the reason behind this proposal, first and foremost, is that  the U.S. Congress fully supports deepening our trade relationship with  Taiwan and wants to ensure that the recent agreement covering trade  facilitation, anti-corruption, and small business is legally sound and  durable.   Not only is Taiwan a critical market for U.S. exporters, it is a  democracy that shares our values and has strong ties with Oregonians  and Americans across the land.   Next, this body wants to be clear that trade agreements are within  the constitutional authority of the Congress. One of the ways the  Senate demonstrates that is by approving trade agreements like this  one.   Finally, the legislation requires greater transparency and  consultation, as well as public review for future Taiwan trade  agreements. Our workers, our farmers, and our businesses deserve the  opportunity to read a trade agreement and understand how it affects  them before it is signed by a government official and declared the law  of the land. Trade agreements that affect millions of Americans can't  be done in the dark. Congress and the American people need to know what  is in these agreements and how they benefit American interests.   I look forward to working with the USTR, our point person for trade,  to negotiate the bigger-ticket items with Taiwan--issues like digital  trade, labor, environment, and agriculture, as outlined in the  negotiating mandate. Future agreements need to bulldoze barriers to  trade for Oregon exporters and American businesses everywhere,  including by cutting red tape like labeling rules and making sure that  Taiwan's technical standards don't make it tough for exporters to sell  their goods. Involving Congress and the public is going to help the  administration identify issues and hold them accountable for breaking  down barriers.   This is a proposal that brings both sides together. The Taiwan trade  agreement approval bill, as I indicated, passed unanimously in the  other body. This trade agreement legislation is a can't-miss  opportunity for the U.S. Senate to support Taiwan, clarify Congress's  role in trade, and call for more transparency and consultation in  future agreements.  [[Page S2978]]    Moreover, it needs to be done now. Taiwan is expecting to pass their  implementing bill in the next few weeks. It is imperative that we move  our bill before the administration moves forward with what is called  ``entry into force'' to ensure that the United States gets what it has  bargained for.   Let me close by saying that we especially look forward in the future  to working with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. The chairman of  the committee, Senator Menendez, and I have been talking about ways to  recognize the intersection between foreign relations and global  economics. There are a whole host of issues--whether it is supply  chains, digital trade, the environment, and the like--where we have an  opportunity to really recognize that, in this century, what we have to  do is break down barriers. We have to find a way to have a unifying  strategy for this country, and that means coming together around  foreign relations and global economics. That is what Chairman Menendez  and I talked about this evening and in the past, and I look forward to  working with all of our colleagues on that.   So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of H.R. 4004, which was received from the  House and is at the desk.    Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    I yield the floor.   