 Mr. President, I want to join my colleague from Hawaii,  Senator Schatz, whose reasons for avoiding a shutdown are points that  we all share, as his State also has suffered a devastating fire now in  Maui, where we in Vermont have suffered a major flood this summer and  need FEMA aid.   There are a couple of things I just want to say. No. 1, I want to  express my gratitude to my colleagues in the Senate who have come  together--Leader Schumer and Leader McConnell--in bipartisanship, where  we have a way of passing a bill to keep the lights on, to keep  government functioning. No good comes out of a shutdown, to quote  Senator McConnell.   Like Senator Schatz, I have been through it before. And as Senator  Schatz has said, when you ask the folks who literally explicitly favor  a shutdown, ``What is next?'' they don't have any answer and don't seem  to think they need to have an answer.   And we do. The consequences of a shutdown are really devastating in  large ways and in small ways. A shutdown means our men and women in  uniform don't get paid. Seriously? We are going to condone asking  people who are protecting the safety of this Nation to do it without  pay? That is what shutdown advocates are saying. It is no big deal to  them.   And on some small things, I got a letter from a Vermonter whose heart  has been set on taking his family to a hike in the Grand Canyon. I  don't know if any of you have ever done that hike. You have to go on  the website. It is almost like a lottery. You have to get a permit to  hike. He got a permit to hike and camp for 2 nights for his family.  That is, I think, October 5 and October 6. If we are shut down, that  family hike is not going to happen. Well, do you know what? That is  cruel. It is such a wonderful thing that our families can enjoy the  Grand Canyon. They won't be able to do it.   But I want to talk specifically about what happens to Vermonters, and  this is a situation that Senator Schatz and Senator Hirono share with  Hawaii. We got hammered in this flood. FEMA has done a tremendous job.  The FEMA fund needs to be replenished because, as a result of the low  amount of money in the FEMA fund, they have had to cut back on their  efforts of recovery that have already been promised.   Just yesterday, the Washington Post reported that FEMA is delaying  $2.8 billion in disaster aid to keep from running out of funds. They  have to have some money available if there is another event that  requires immediate response to save lives. We understand that. That is  the right decision for them. But it has real consequences for us in  Vermont.   Repayment of these long-term recovery projects that are being halted  are not from last month. They are from last year. Just think of what  that means for my State of Vermont, which is in the throes of recovery  now. FEMA's transition to ``immediate needs'' funding has paused 13  projects in Vermont, totaling about $7.5 million. As of September 15,  Vermont has incurred $291 million in flood-related infrastructure  damages, and we need over $160 million from FEMA and $131 million from  the Department of Transportation. On top of that, the State has  estimated that it has incurred $225 million in damages related to FEMA  public assistance activities, $75 million for FEMA public assistance  hazard mitigation for 406 mitigation activities, $48 million for the  Severely Damaged or Destroyed Residential Property Mitigation or Buyout  Program, $20 million in damages related to FEMA individual assistance  activities, and $11 million for the Minor Residential Damage Repair  Program.   Again, it was so reassuring to me that Republican colleagues  approached me and said: Peter, we are going to be there to help you  because we know, but for the grace of God, it could have been in my  State. Thank you, colleagues.   But there is a small group in the House that has this notion that it  is no big deal if we literally shut down government.   Well, it is a big deal for those folks in Vermont who need FEMA  relief. It is a big deal for those men and women who serve in the U.S.  military services when they won't get paid. And it is a big deal to  that family that wants to have this dreamed-about hike in the Grand  Canyon and won't be able to do that if, in fact, we are shut down on  October 5 and October 6.   So, thank you to my colleagues. I believe we are going to pass the  bipartisan bill. Bipartisanship is the only way you can avert a  shutdown and for us to have an opportunity to negotiate other issues  down the road. And I thank my colleagues for their assistance in our  effort.   I yield the floor.   