 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on H.R. 4364, and that I may include tabular  material on the same.    Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 756, I call  up the bill (H.R. 4364) making appropriations for the Legislative  Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, and for other  purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The legislative branch bill is what we do to ourselves. We don't need  the President's budget. This is what the House, in its wisdom, does for  spending with respect to the House accounts and also some accounts we  share with the Senate--Capitol Police, Congressional Budget Office,  other agencies like that.   As we look at what we are doing here in the context of this  appropriations season, the amount of money that is spent on this  represents about a 4.7 percent cut from the previous budget year for  purposes of the legislative branch. It gets a little bit less when you  add the Senate in, but the House has done its job in terms of leading  by example.   Now, you may say, how have you done your job? Let me tell you this:  What we have done with respect to Members' office budgets, committee  budgets, and some of the support functions--for instance, in the  Library of Congress, the Congressional Budget Office, and the General  Accountability Office--we have left those accounts at or near what  their previous levels were.   Some of them enjoy modest increases, but if you care about  constituent services, if you care about doing a good job of being able  to hold the Senate's feet to the fire, the White House's feet to the  fire, or the people on the other side of the aisle's feet to the fire,  you need resources to do that.   The time has never been more important than it is now for us to be  able to do our jobs in a way that is appropriate for the challenges  that confront our country.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I was remiss in not saying thank you, so I  will follow the lead of my esteemed ranking member and thank him and  his staff as well as my staff for the way we were able to conduct the  committee's business. Even though we disagreed on many things, we  weren't disagreeable about it, which, some days, is quite a unique  thing in this business. My hat is off to them, and my thank-you is on  the record for the help from everybody on both sides.   I will cover a couple of areas in the spirit that the committee  worked. My colleague has mentioned the DACA program, which is, frankly,  something that, while we may have some disagreements on it, overall, we  may agree on more than we disagree. However, as the clerk indicated,  this is the Legislative Branch appropriations bill. When we are talking  about issues that deal with immigration or the DACA program or anything  else, that is the appropriate jurisdiction, in most cases, of the  Judiciary Committee.   Therefore, the folks standing up on either side of you, Mr. Speaker,  from the Parliamentarian's Office go through that drill and figure out  the appropriate jurisdiction for this bill. We came to the conclusion  that it wasn't. It doesn't mean that we disagree on a lot of that  stuff, but nonetheless, you can't do that in the Legislative Branch  bill, so we didn't.   On the Office of Diversity and Inclusion, I am not going to go  through what happened in that office over the last few years. I will  just say this: It was created by a rule in a previous Congress.   In exercising our appropriate oversight authority in seeing how that  money was spent, I will just say that there was a sincere belief that  that was not what was intended. When we talk about retreats, gift cards  for employees, office bling, and multiple other things, it is not that  the mission isn't important. It is, which is why the mission was  preserved and moved under the supervision of the Chief Administrative  Officer for the House, and an appropriate budget to do that work is  fine.   There was part of a reorganization, which now puts them under a  different office that is a subset of the Chief Administrative Officer  for the House. However, to continue on in a largely unsupervised,  autonomous role, where the use of funds was not impressive, the  committee thought that it was appropriate to maintain the mission but  change the structure for more supervision.   Also, when we talk about staff security, my colleague, the ranking  member, is absolutely right. It is a concern for everybody. What the  committee has done was say that we don't want to just throw a bunch of  money at it and say go do good things with security. We wanted to have  a plan.   I will tell you this: Each office can designate one of their district  offices for planning. My colleague's district is in the Big Apple  downtown. Mine is a long way away from there. One size doesn't fit all,  so we wanted to be a little thoughtful about that. That is why we  deferred from just going in whole hog.   You need to know that the Office of the Sergeant at Arms will now  provide cybersecurity. This was done after the committee adjourned. It  will now provide cybersecurity support to offices that ask for it.   By the way, my figures indicate there are 364 Members who have  availed themselves of some form of funding through the Office of the  Sergeant at Arms for security for those offices.   I look forward to continuing that when we get plans that are  appropriate for the settings that those district offices are in so we  can make a rational, well-based, intelligent decision on how to spend  that money.   Mr. Speaker, while we may not be in agreement over the amounts we are  spending on each one, I don't know if there is a lot of disagreement on  the mission. It is just how much emphasis it gets and how we use  taxpayer dollars in a responsible manner to go ahead and pursue those  goals.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I guess since we are going to stay on it for  a minute, I will go ahead and stay on it.   Nobody is opposed to diversity or inclusion. Here are some of the  reasons why this office was focused on. This bill that you have before  you, Mr. Speaker, is consistent with administrative restructuring to  streamline human resources activities consistent with the House  Committee on Administration. Bringing the best person for the job in  any agency or office under this bill is what we are trying to  encourage.   There are currently multiple staff support offices focused on human  resources that can be reorganized and streamlined into one. The Chief  Administrative Office is consumer focused  [[Page H5212]]  and is best suited to create a House-wide office of talent and  development. That is a new office that is created under this bill,  which, by the way, has the mission of the old ODI.   ODI was created under House rules as its own office but will be  moving to the reproposed CAO to become a part of the new office of  talent and development. By this restructuring, we expect to increase  accessibility to resources provided to House staff by creating a one- stop shop while also saving millions by streamlining duplicative  efforts. Not only will the reorganization make activities more  efficient, but it will help with oversight.   Now, let's talk about the Capitol Police for a minute. Yes, there  were cuts in the requested budget for Capitol Police, but let's talk  about uniformed personnel. Let's talk about the Intelligence Division.  Let's talk about what the Capitol Police do to protect our campus and  our operations. By the way, that is leadership details, as well.   When we talk about all those functions, all of their uniformed  officer positions have been fully funded. I will say that again: fully  funded. Now, it takes a while to recruit, vet, and train a Capitol  Police officer. It is not one of those things where you throw the  switch and say we need 500 or 600 more so that we are at our full  complement of around 2,200.   It takes a while to train them in the academy before we turn them  loose on the job. For the ones you see that they are fully trained,  fully vetted, and ready to go, that takes time. It is not a budget  function. They were fully funded for that.   We also maintain their intelligence functions, and we also maintain  their protective detail functions. There were cuts to the Capitol  Police budget, but not in those areas. I will also point out that some  of the cuts were in funds that they weren't able to spend in this cycle  anyhow.   As we are looking for savings to do the best job in terms of budget  responsibility, we also wanted to recognize the reality that if you  can't spend it in this cycle, let's not keep it in this cycle.   Mr. Speaker, I will indicate that those were not things that were in  a MAGA rush to do this, that, or the other sort of thing. It was trying  to be responsible with the legislative branch allocation that we have,  which, by the way, is four-tenths of 1 percent of all spending. That  doesn't mean that because it is that, we don't care about it. It means  we need to do our part, too.   Similarly, the part that you didn't hear is that MRAs were kept the  same so Members can keep doing their thing. Committee accounts on both  sides were kept the same so Members could keep doing the committees'  work on both sides of the aisle. Frankly, in the context that we live  in, we think it was the responsible way to lead by example.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, can I inquire as to how much time is  remaining on either side?    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, there have been a few areas covered, and so  I will try to be brief. I yield myself the balance of my time.   I want to thank my colleague from New York for his collegiality and  professionalism in the way that we have gone through this process this  year and I look forward to working with him in the future.   Architect of the Capitol, their top ten projects were funded. I know  there has been some discussion about it. We didn't pick them. We asked  them to pick them, and so they did.   In these times, when we are running deficits that are in the t  neighborhood, not the b neighborhood, I don't think it is inappropriate  to say we probably ought to look at some of the largest areas that we  spend money on. When you look at the leg branch allocation, that pie  chart, the biggest slice of the pie in the whole thing, other than  running our offices and our committees and paying our employee  benefits, is Architect of the Capitol.   Give us your ten top priorities. I don't think that is partisan. I  think that is responsible fiscal management. You can keep moving  forward, but it is not like we don't have to eventually pay those  bills.   The Sergeant at Arms office, as I have indicated--and I won't spend a  lot of time on it--is there and funded under this bill for  cybersecurity and for one district office. If you have multiple ones,  that doesn't make you a bad person. It just means you have to submit a  plan, and we have to talk about how we deal with one district versus  another based upon the realities on the ground of making that district  office secure.   Maybe it is a panic button. Maybe there is something else depending  on that. I don't think it is irresponsible for Americans to expect the  people who are responsible for spending their money to ask that we ask  a few questions before we just say, Go do what you think you need to,  and we will figure out a way to pay for it. That won't work.   They want to make an exception for the House of Representatives that  isn't there for most other folks. We are not going to do it. We need to  deal with DACA comprehensively, and we should, and I will be there at  the first meeting, the middle meeting, and the last meeting to deal  with them.   As a matter of fact, in previous Congresses, I have supported some  DACA measures, which, quite frankly, weren't in compliance with what  some people think a good Republican ought to be doing or whatever, but  it was trying to solve a problem. It does not solve the DACA problem by  carving out a tiny exception for Congress to be able to pretend like  the rules on DACA shouldn't apply to us just like they do everybody  else, so that is why we are at where we are at.   Finally, I hadn't wanted to do this, but since this is an  appropriations subcommittee and we talk about money and we are worried  about the Office of Diversity and Inclusion, let me tell you why it was  decided to move it. It spent $15,000 on a staff retreat at the  Salamander, a luxury resort in Middleburg, Virginia; spent thousands of  taxpayer dollars on customized swag, including windbreakers; spent tens  of thousands of dollars on partisan diversity events we talked about  not being partisan for Black History Month, Women's History Month, as  well as $25,000 for racial equity group training.   The office went over a year without a director as House Democrats  failed to fill the position and even put one of their own staffers down  there temporarily in an acting capacity while still serving as the  assigned oversight staffer for House admin Democrats, a clear conflict  of interest.   It used taxpayer dollars to give away gift cards to staff for  attending their programming; spending that is not allowed in any other  context, committee or personal office budgets, and which could raise  ethics questions. It is not like somebody wanted to be mean to somebody  because they had a political disagreement. This is fiscal  irresponsibility and needs to be addressed.   I will finish with this: We addressed the oversight problem, which  appropriations does, but kept the mission intact in the Chief  Administrative Officer.   With that, I would hope that Members would see their way clear to  support this bill as a logical step for leading by example, but not  basically handicapping us.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   