 Mr. President, I would like to call up Risch first-degree  No. 1, also known as amendment No. 43.    I ask unanimous consent to dispense with further reading  of the amendment.    Mr. President, fellow Senators, I rise today to present  this amendment as part of the process, as we process this repeal of the  2002 AUMF matter before the Senate right now.   This particular exercise that we are doing, the amendment process is  frequently fraught with political messaging. I am happy that so far the  amendments that we have been processing have not been that sort of  amendment and that is that it was intended to be a political message.  This one is not. Prior ones are not. The ones that are pending really  are not.   And the reason for that is what we are doing here in discussing the  2002 AUMF repeal is taken seriously by every single Member of this  body--Republican, Democrat, everyone is acting in good faith as they  process this.   This is one of the most important things each of us do as a U.S.  Senator, that being the question of committing our young men and women  to actual kinetic force on the field.   When this was put in place, it was considered deeply and seriously by  this body, and as we look to repeal it, the same is true. And I think  everyone is headed toward the same objective and that is to see that  this is done properly.   That is the purpose of this amendment to the actual repeal that is in  front of us. This amendment would conditionally repeal on a  certification from the Secretary of Defense that detention authorities  and the litigation position of the United States with respect to  detention would not be weakened.   And this is offered in good faith. It is offered because yesterday,  just as an example--yesterday we had a hearing with the Secretary of  State. And I asked him three questions about this, about whether they  actually use it, whether it was important, and whether repealing it  would weaken our position on detention and on litigation regarding  detention, and the Secretary of State said that it would.   So the purpose of this is to clear up what I think is a flaw here. It  certainly isn't intended by anyone. I think everyone would want us to  have as strong a position as we possibly could when we are in detention  or litigation. So this simply requires us to replace the language with  some other language, and then we would get the certification or a  determination by the lawyers.   So I offer it in good faith. I think it is an absolutely correct  thing to do if indeed the body is going to move to actually repeal the  2002 AUMF.   Again, I want to congratulate every Member of this body for working  on this very important issue in good faith. I think this moves the  issue further to a better position.   I yield the floor.   