 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we all know by now, yesterday evening,  the House passed a bipartisan bill to lift the debt limit and begin the  process of reining in our Nation's unchecked spending habit.   From the time the United States reached the debt ceiling in January,  it was clear that a compromise bill would be the only way to avoid a  full-blown economic crisis, which is what would happen if we were not  to raise the debt ceiling. With a Democrat-led Senate and a Republican- led House and a Democrat in the White House, bipartisanship was and is  a necessity.   Now, Republicans, for our part, were clear that any increase in the  debt ceiling must come with spending reforms. Otherwise, it would be  like your maxing out your credit card and then asking to raise the  credit limit so you could borrow more money without having an adult  conversation about how you were going to pay the money back. In the  real world, that is what would happen. You would have to have that  conversation or there would be no increase in your credit card limit.  But only in Washington, only in the Nation's Capital would it be even  argued that you could raise the debt limit without talking about  spending reform.    What has happened is, our Nation's national debt has ballooned now to  more than $31.4 trillion. That is a number--I doubt that anybody here  in the Chamber could tell us how many zeros follow that 31.4.   The American people are clearly unhappy with what they see is  happening here when it comes to out-of-control spending. A recent poll  found that 60 percent of adults think the government spends too much,  and they are right. They are frustrated by the unnecessary and wasteful  spending, and they are eager for Congress to do the reasonable,  rational thing, which is to begin to get our financial house in order.   That is precisely what Republicans demanded throughout this process-- necessary fiscal reforms as part of the debt ceiling negotiation. But  instead of stepping up, doing his job, acting responsibly, President  Biden took a very different approach. He said: I refuse to negotiate.  This is a President of the United States with $31.4 trillion in debt.  He said: I refuse to negotiate. He went on to say that only a clean  debt ceiling increase was an option, and he refused to engage in  negotiations altogether.   It is helpful to remember that it was in January when we actually hit  the debt ceiling. What has happened since then is the Treasury  Secretary has engaged in what is euphemistically called extraordinary  measures in order to pay the bills as the money comes in through tax  revenue. But now she has told us that the X date--which presumably is  the default date after extraordinary measures are exhausted--would be  June 5. That is Monday. That is Monday.   The President has known since January that this day would come. He  has refused to negotiate, and he has led us into this scenario where,  unless Congress acts by June 5, we will breach the debt limit and begin  to default on paying our bills as a nation.   I don't have to remind anybody that inflation as a result of some of  the profligate spending habits of the previous Congress, particularly  on our Democratic friends' side--they were happy to spend roughly $2.3  trillion last year on strictly party-line spending votes. But you put  enough gasoline on the fire, and inflation is going to spiral out of  control. That is exactly what has happened.   As a consequence, two things have happened. One is that hard-working  American families have found their standard of living reduced because  they simply can't afford to keep up with the increase in costs as a  result of inflation. The second thing that happened is that in order to  try to deal with this hidden tax, the Federal Reserve has had to raise  interest rates, which has slowed down the economy even more.   Why in the world would President Biden, as a responsible public  official, refuse to negotiate when he knows that the anxiety associated  with hitting this X date on Monday is causing even more uncertainty,  even more trepidation, and even more anxiety over exactly what the  future is going to look like? Why would he risk that? President Biden  stuck to his ``no negotiations, no reforms'' position for literally  months even though it was painfully obvious that a bipartisan deal was  the only way to avoid a further economic crisis.   I want to pause for a moment to commend the Speaker of the House,  Speaker McCarthy, for his leadership throughout this process. Without a  negotiating partner, he did everything in his power and within the  power of the House of Representatives to move this process forward. He  stood strong behind the need for fiscal reforms and led the House in  passing the Limit, Save, Grow Act. He lured President Biden to the  negotiating table, and he successfully moved a compromise bill through  the House. But I think the backstory about Speaker McCarthy's  leadership is that President Biden didn't dream that in a million  years, after the difficult race for Speaker that we saw in January,  Speaker McCarthy would be able to unify Republicans in the House of  Representatives and actually pass a bill that raised the debt ceiling.  That is what the Limit, Save, Grow Act was. I think President Biden was  shocked that he was able to get that done. And I congratulate him for  it. It changed the whole dynamics of this negotiation.   But now that the House has acted, the ball is in our court. This  Chamber will soon vote on the McCarthy-Biden agreement, and now is the  time for the Senate to do its job. Our job is not simply to accept or  to rubberstamp what the House passed. That has never been the case. We  weren't a party to the agreement; why should we be bound by the strict  terms of that agreement?   The Senate has not had a say in the process so far, and it has led to  serious frustration on both sides of the aisle. This bill didn't go  through regular order; in other words, it didn't go through a  committee. Members didn't have the opportunity to weigh in or shape the  legislation at that level or even the final text.    Given the time constraints wholly created by President Biden's delay  and refusal to negotiate, this rushed process was completely  unavoidable. We didn't have to get on the precipice of a default in  order to act if President Biden had done his job and responsibly  engaged in the negotiations that he finally did engage in at an earlier  point, months earlier. So the President dragged his feet for several  months, leaving the narrowest possible window to reach a deal and avoid  a further crisis.   This is not how this should have played out, but that doesn't mean  our hands are tied behind our backs here in the Senate. The Senate is  not required, as I said, to rubberstamp the House bill. We have the  opportunity to amend this legislation and make it better.   I share the concerns expressed by the ranking member of the Senate  Appropriations Committee, the Senator from Maine; the Senator from  South Carolina, Senator Graham; Senator Sullivan, the Senator from  Alaska; and Senator Cotton, I believe, has spoken on that publicly,  that the defense number in this agreement is simply inadequate.   It is simply unacceptable to leave it in the hands of Senator  Schumer, the majority leader, whether or not we actually pass  appropriations bills this  [[Page S1869]]  year because if we don't, under the terms of the McCarthy-Biden  agreement, then we go back into a sequestration, with a 1-percent cut  across the board.   That may not sound like a lot, but our country is facing more  national security threats than we ever have before. Whether it is the  challenge in Europe with Russia's unjustified invasion of Ukraine;  whether it is the aspirations of the Ayatollah in Iran to build nuclear  weapons; whether it is Kim Jong Un in North Korea or Vladimir Putin or  President Xi, it is easy to see that the threats are not diminishing.  They are getting more and more serious, which means that a  sequestration of the Defense Department's spending by automatic  operation of law is unacceptable.   Senators on both sides want amendments. Members want to make changes  to try to improve the bill. As I said, the Senate should not be cut out  of the process due to President Biden's foot-dragging. We still have  time before the June 5 deadline. The Senate could move through the  amendment process fairly quickly. We could do it today. We have ample  time to vote on amendments and send an amended version back to the  House for final passage.   I might add, there is no reason for the majority leader to block  amendment votes. Senators deserve an opportunity to vote on amendments,  and I hope the majority leader will not stand in the way of those  Senators on both sides of the aisle who want to offer amendments and  then receive-up-or-down votes.   This bill does include some very positive developments--beginning to  rein in our Nation's spending habits--but it is not a magic pill to  cure the Federal Government's chronic financial troubles. America's  $31.4 trillion debt developed over the course of decades, so it is  unreasonable to expect we are going to turn that around with the  passage of one bill. But we can start, and we should start.   We know the pandemic accelerated these problems. We spent a lot of  money necessarily on a bipartisan basis to try to deal with the public  health crisis and the economic consequences of the pandemic, but then,  as I said, at President Biden's request, our Democratic colleagues  abused the rules of the Senate to go on two partisan spending sprees.   First came the $1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan, followed by the  $700 billion so-called Inflation Reduction Act. That is $2.6 trillion  more, which gets us up to the $31.4 trillion today. But then they used  that money to do everything from funding a supersized IRS to taxpayer- provided subsidies for rich people to buy electric vehicles.   So I am glad the Speaker was successful. In addition to beginning the  long process of beginning to bend the curve when it comes to reckless  spending, I am glad the Speaker was able to agree with the White House  to claw back some of that money, including $27 billion in unspent COVID  funds, and to redirect a reported $20 billion in IRS funding to other  priorities.   The Congressional Budget Office estimates this bill will reduce  Federal spending by $1.5 trillion over the next decade, which is a  strong start in the fight to right America's financial ship.   As I said, this bill is the beginning of that fight; it is not the  end. And I know many of us, including this Senator, would like for us  to be able to do more. But the fact is, one bill cannot erase decades  of financial troubles. We need to build on the progress made in this  legislation in the months and years to come. Of course, the best way to  do that is at election time because it matters who wins elections. It  matters who is in the majority. It matters who controls a body of  Congress and the White House.   But the next big battle will be in the Senate and House  Appropriations Committees. As we know, every year, the committees are  charged with writing 12 separate bills to fund the various components  of the Federal Government.   The process of drafting those bills is designed to involve public  hearings, committee votes, and rigorous debate. It gives every member  of the Appropriations Committee opportunities to shape the individual  spending bills and address America's spending habits. And once it gets  voted out of committee, then all 100 Senators should have that  opportunity to shape and improve the legislation.   Once these bills are completed, they are supposed to pass both  Chambers and be signed into law by September 30 every year. But that  didn't happen in 2021 or 2022. The Democratic Senator majority leader  refused to allow us to pass a single appropriation bill last year,  forcing us into the ugly process of considering and passing an omnibus  appropriation bill. That is not the way that is supposed to be done.   Congress cannot continue to operate like this--with bloated budgets,  last-minute spending bills, backroom negotiations. That is no way to  gain the public's trust or to run the Federal Government. We need to  return to a transparent and regular process where every elected Member  of Congress has the opportunity to participate in budgeting and  deciding what the appropriate expenditure of taxpayer dollars should  be.   So we have known this date was coming since January. President Biden  put us in this difficult situation by wasting valuable time, and he has  pushed us to the brink of default. Now, thanks to his delay tactics,  the Senate is preparing to vote on a bill that no Member of this body  had a hand in writing. Given the time crunch, this truncated process  was a necessary evil, but it cannot be the norm.   We need to return to the processes that were designed to promote  smart and responsible spending. Hearings, committee votes, and public  debate are absolutely critical. For today, Senators deserve the  opportunity to amend this bill and, as I said, to make it better if  they can; but all of our colleagues have the right to have a say in  this process, and I urge the majority leader to allow that process to  go forward with up-or-down amendment votes.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   