 Madam Chair, on January 20, 2021, President Biden  declared war on American energy when he shut down the Keystone XL  pipeline. Today, we begin the process to lower energy costs. This is  the first stroke of what I hope are many bills to come forward to get  energy costs under control for the American people.   Let's go back over the past couple of years of this Congress and what  President Biden did. They passed things like the so-called Inflation  Reduction Act. They passed a bill called the infrastructure bill.   What were those bills really and some of the others from the last  Congress?   They were the Green New Deal. You, the American public, know now what  the Green New Deal will do to you.   Let's talk about my district a little bit. Propane, which is a  primary heating source for many of us in northern Wisconsin, we paid 80  cents a gallon in the summer of 2020 to fill our tanks. We paid $2 a  gallon--2\1/2\ times as much--to heat our homes just a couple of years  after the previous administration had left office.   Think about the Ford Motor Company, an iconic company here in  America. They lost $2 billion on the electric vehicle segment of their  business. I can tell you that contractors, loggers, and farmers are not  going to drive a Ford Lightning in northern Wisconsin when it is 25  degrees below zero because it does not work.   I think about Vilas County, where they were going to apply to repair  a road under the infrastructure bill. It would have cost $1.5 million  using Federal money. I talked to a local contractor. Without the  Federal permitting requirements, they could build it for half of that,  $750,000.   One of the key provisions of this is the reform of NEPA. It does not  change environmental standards. It just makes it easier to get projects  done. It is time to reduce that red tape here in America on the  American people and on American job creators.   Madam Chair, what is this all about at the end of the day? This is  about whether you choose America or you choose Communist China.   Is this going to be a 21st century of the American people just like  the 20th century was? It was one of the greatest centuries the people  of this world had ever seen, when a country that was founded on  liberty, freedom, and opportunity was ascendant, and we stood astride  the world.   Are we going to do that in the 21st century? Bills like this are how  we are going to make the 21st century an American century rather than a  Communist Chinese century.   Let's lower energy costs and ensure job security, economic security,  and national security for the American people.    Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1, we heard that bill today. I had a  chance to speak on it, the Lowering Energy Costs Act. This is one of  the steps that we can take as this Congress to get the permitting  process under control, save money for Americans that seek to go through  this process, and have a healthier economy and environment.   In fact, I would ask my colleague from Minnesota: Aren't we all  environmentalists these days?    Mr. Speaker, we all care about the environment. It isn't  like 50, 60 years ago. In fact, we live in regions where I think about  our paper mills from decades ago where there was sludge that went down  those rivers. In fact, I ran our dinner and excursion boat on one of  those rivers, the Wisconsin River. People were so surprised when they  came on our boat and said: Wow, this used to be covered with sludge. We  didn't see eagles and loons and wildlife like that back in our day, but  we do see it now.   The same thing has happened in north Minnesota, hasn't it?    Mr. Speaker, we just heard a statement from the  President that was read just before we came here as the Western Caucus,  and he talked about the infrastructure bill and other pieces of  legislation that are doing these wonders for Americans.   I would just point out a few flaws with what he is saying. If you go  to Vilas County in the Seventh Congressional District in Wisconsin,  right near where I live, and there is a small town that is attempting  to get a road project done via Federal funding with the infrastructure  bill. The quote that they have gotten, as a result of having to go  through Federal permitting, is $1.5 million. I think it is to fix 2.6  miles of road.   I went to a local road contractor and asked them: How much would it  cost if you didn't have to go through the Federal process?   Half of that, $750,000.   We are not going to get the bang for our buck and get more projects  done, including ones that could benefit the environment, as a result of  having to pay far more for that Federal permitting process.   Also, the President talked extensively about the Green New Deal and  this great thing that is going to happen to the United States of  America. Wisconsin was just warned this last year for the first time  that we may be subject to blackouts this summer.   Why is that? Because we are going to intermittent sources of power.  We are not replacing our baseload power.   The gentleman next to me from Minnesota knows all about a project  that is going on in a community right across from his hometown of  Duluth, Minnesota, in Superior, Wisconsin, the Nemadji Trail Project.   You are very familiar with that, aren't you?    The Nemadji Trail Project is a natural gas project to  produce electricity to be able to provide that baseload power,  especially if we are going to go to more intermittent sources of power.   Guess what the Biden EPA is doing?   They have brought the hammer down on that project and said: We are  going to make you go through this permitting process even longer, which  has already been for 5 years. This is nearly a billion-dollar  investment to provide reliable, affordable, clean electricity for  people that live in the northland of the upper Midwest of Minnesota and  Wisconsin. Here, the Biden administration is trying to stop that  project. That is what is happening.    I say we can have both a clean environment and a growing economy. In  fact, I would say if we don't have a growing economy, we will not have  a clean environment.   What funds those environmental projects?   I saw it as a State legislator. What funds that is when we have a  robust economy.   I just think about when we had our business, Wilderness Cruises, my  wife and I, for 20 years.   When did we do well?   We did well when the industrial economy was doing well, when the  paper mills and the various industrial plants were doing well. When  they were doing well, we were doing well. When they didn't, we didn't  do well.   It is not mutually exclusive, the environment and the economy. Having  a healthy environment and a healthy economy go together.   It is time to reform NEPA. These are really modest changes that we  are making in the Lowering Energy Costs Act. We are not changing  environmental standards. We believe in high environmental standards,  but we need to do it in a more expeditious manner.   The gentleman from Minnesota, what did you say, 20 years for the  mining project?   Is that the Twin Metals project?    The Biden administration brought the hammer down on that  one also, didn't they?    Mr. Speaker, how are we going to have transition to this  electrified economy? How are we going to do that if we do not have the  metals to do it?   We can't. There is no doubt about it.   But let's be really clear. I thought the Speaker did a terrific job  today of laying out what the choice is.   Are you on the side of China and Russia, or are you on the side of  the United States of America?   That is really the choice. Because we are deciding at this point.  With bills like this, we are deciding: Is the 21st century going to be  an American century, or is it going to be a communist Chinese century?   The communist Chinese Government has made it very clear, they seek  world dominance, they seek to be the country of the 21st century that  everyone will turn to, just like America was in the 20th century.   The choice is before us. Is this going to be an American century, the  21st century, just like the 20th century, or not?   If you are on the side of America, you will be voting for the  Lowering Energy Costs Act.   