 Mr. Speaker, there is broad recognition among Democrats  and Republicans that Congress must adopt a whole-of-government approach  in response to the intensifying great power competition between the  United States and China.   The formation of the select committee is the Republicans' response to  the China question. However, I do remain skeptical of the true  intentions behind the formation of this committee, and I hope my  Republican colleagues can approach this topic from a position of  strength, not weakness, xenophobia, or fear.   A specific focus on strategic competition with China could be  meaningful if the committee's work remains constructive, but I question  why the work of this proposed select committee could not have been done  through the current committees of jurisdiction.   With that being said, to be constructive, the committee should  consider perspectives beyond the military domain that include the  political, economic, military, cultural, and diplomatic implications of  a potential U.S. response.   Republican leadership should also select Members to sit on this  committee who are serious minded about the risks posed by China and not  merely anti-China hawks yearning to isolate China through military  might.   Most importantly, it is my hope that the committee will consider  meaningful ways that we can promote a rules-based international order  that the United States has spent considerable time and resources  building up in the post-World War II era. We must leverage our soft- power tools and work cooperatively with our allies and other  democratically aligned partners across the globe to achieve our ends.   Finally, unity at home is just as important to demonstrating the  strength of our Nation as it is to project our strength abroad. Our  strength is derived from our unwavering commitment to our democratic  values, the cohesion of our alliances, the intellect and innovation of  our people, and the shared prosperity of every American. What grants us  currency with the world is our credibility at home as a reliable  partner that provides a robust social safety net for its people and  consistently supports democratic ideals.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to take this opportunity  seriously. It is not simply enough to demonize and dehumanize our  adversaries to align the world behind our democratic ideals. Let's use  this select committee to show that we have unity and strength to  outrival China and that we are good for more than just fearful  rhetoric.   Until this point, my Republican colleagues have shown an  unwillingness to avoid the vitriol that undermines a constructive  approach to China, so I plan to vote ``no'' on this resolution.  However, I hope we can move forward in a constructive way.   