 Madam President, I want to thank the Senator  from Kansas for his continued effort to make sure we get Israel aid.   The United States must always stand with our great ally Israel and  with the Jewish people. Israel is fighting against Iran-backed  terrorists for its very existence.   Iran-backed Hamas terrorists have murdered thousands with the  intention of destroying Israel and the Jewish people. Hamas terrorists  have beheaded babies, burned them alive, raped and murdered young  women.   We have seen the news reports of the sexual assaults committed by  Hamas terrorists--all too graphic to speak of here, but here are some  of the headlines.   ABC News: ``New signs emerge of `widespread' sexual crimes by Hamas,  as Netanyahu alleges global indifference.''   The Washington Post: ``Israel investigates an elusive, horrific  enemy: Rape as a weapon of war.''   The Jewish Chronicle: ``Hamas terror attack: Girls `raped next to  their dead friends' at rave massacre.''   We cannot turn a blind eye to these barbaric acts. The world must  know what these animals did to innocent Jewish women and girls.   Just yesterday in the U.S. House of Representatives, the presidents  of Harvard, MIT, and the University of Pennsylvania were asked, under  oath, if calling for the genocide of Jews violates their university's  code of conduct or rules regarding bullying and harassment.   A simple yes-or-no question. Their response? They could not even  answer yes.   We have to really let that sink in. They couldn't say yes. The  president of three Ivy League schools could not answer yes to that  simple question.   It is clear that we need to use this moment to stand with Israel and  the Jewish people.   The House took decisive action by passing this bill. They moved  quickly, and the measure is fully paid for. This bill was blocked by  the Democrats  [[Page S5795]]  once, but today the Senate can change that error and pass this bill  right now. And I am proud to colead the companion bill in the Senate  with the Senator from Kansas.   I yield the floor.   