 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I will start by thanking the chair of the subcommittee for  the great work that they did on this bill and for working with us on so  many issues. I have one little adjustment I would make that would make  the bill even better.   I rise in support of my amendment, which would reduce funding for the  Council on Environmental Quality from the 2023 level of $3,750,000 to  its currently authorized level of $1 million for fiscal year 2024.   While I do, again, appreciate the Appropriations Committee's efforts  to reduce funding for this account by $926,000 from fiscal year 2023  levels, as well as rescind the $62.5 million of funds made available to  CEQ by the so-called Inflation Reduction Act, it is my belief that  Congress must go further to hold CEQ accountable for their actions.   I am deeply concerned by CEQ's lack of accountability to  congressional oversight and their unwillingness to answer basic  questions or even answer a letter in a timely manner. Congressional  hearings and letters of inquiry are important tools that elected  Representatives use to engage directly with administration officials to  conduct oversight on policy objectives, openly debate legislation, and  spotlight waste, fraud, and abuse occurring in government. These  officials have an obligation to be responsive to Congress, engage in  the oversight process, and be accountable to the American people.   However, on three separate occasions just this year, CEQ Chair Brenda  Mallory has refused to testify before the  [[Page H5280]]  Committee on Natural Resources. In addition, Chair Mallory's staff, in  written emails from just a few months ago, actually questioned the  precedent and need for congressional oversight hearings.   CEQ has also failed to respond to basic document production letters,  most recently missing yet another deadline on Monday, October 31, for a  second request for the production of documents.   I will note for the record that we are not the only committee  experiencing frustration with CEQ, and the specific issues we have been  seeking answers on since June--well, let's just say that we are not  alone in this endeavor. This type of behavior from political appointees  in the executive branch is unacceptable and must not be allowed to  continue.   Mr. Chairman, I come before you today to provide solutions. Working  hand in hand with the Appropriations Committee and through the  appropriations process, Republicans and Democrats alike should support  a reduction in funding to agencies and agency heads that refuse to  comply with congressional oversight.   One of the hearings where Chair Mallory refused to appear focused on  CEQ's proposed changes to NEPA. These proposed changes have far- reaching impacts and affect countless stakeholders, which would make  one think that oversight and transparency would be a high priority for  CEQ.   To make matters worse, the changes CEQ is proposing to NEPA stand to  increase permitting timelines for all kinds of projects, including  energy and infrastructure, and ignore significant changes to the NEPA  statute made in the bipartisan Fiscal Responsibility Act.   Some of my colleagues here today might be concerned about the level  of funding that is provided by my amendment to CEQ for staffing at the  $1 million level. However, the Council is well equipped to function on  a much smaller budget, as they have the authority under statute not  only to work with outside NGOs but also to detail employees across  government to their staff without impacting their budget.   To further emphasize this point, CEQ's governing statute actually  encourages the Council to work with public organizations, meaning  Federal, State, and local governments, as well as nonprofits, to save  money on employees. So why don't we adhere to what the law says?   To recap, my amendment holds up Congress' end of the bargain by  providing CEQ with its authorized amount for operations of $1 million  for fiscal year 2024 and not $1 more.   Should the Council wish to discuss this matter with Congress, it  would be my suggestion that Chair Mallory and her staff become more  responsive to our questions and requests for routine oversight.   My amendment would send a clear message to the administration that  disregard for congressional oversight and the American people is  unacceptable.   Mr. Chair, for this reason, I urge my colleagues to join me in  supporting this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, in closing, I would say the only thing  slowing down and providing blockades for projects across the country is  CEQ and the influence they are having across other organizations. They  are unresponsive to Congress. We should stand up for our Article I  rights as Members of Congress, cut their funding, and make them more  responsive.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   