 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Louisiana for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I will talk for a few minutes tonight about a critically  important bill that we are debating on the House floor this week. It is  one of the must-pass bills for us this year, the appropriations bills  for military construction and funding for the Veterans Affairs. MILCON- VA we call it.   This will establish funding levels for these critically important  programs for the next fiscal year.   The job of crafting this legislation was particularly problematic  this year because many people have heard about our commitment to fiscal  responsibility and about the dire consequences of our inability to  reduce Federal spending.   Our deficit this year will be almost 6 percent of our gross domestic  product--6 percent of everything our country makes just in deficit  spending. Our national debt this year will be the highest it has ever  been in the history of our country, and it is going to get even worse  if we don't get this problem under control.   In fact, the Congressional Budget Office in their 30-year projection  says that 30 years from now at the rate we are going, our national debt  in current dollars will exceed $1 million for every American household.   That is clearly an unsustainable fiscal trajectory for our country.   So the Appropriations Committee had the nearly impossible task this  year of honoring our commitment to our veterans and fully funding the  Veterans Affairs and our veterans health programs while at the same  time honoring our commitment to cut wasteful government spending and  our commitment to fiscal responsibility.   Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to say that our colleagues in the  Appropriations Committee have pulled off that seemingly impossible  task.   The bill we are considering this week fully funds both the VA and our  veterans healthcare programs. In fact, it funds both of those programs  at levels hundreds of millions of dollars more than the levels  requested by the President because that is what is required to meet our  commitments to our servicemen and -women.   Yet, at the same time, it makes very meaningful reductions in  wasteful government spending on other nonessential programs.   It also accomplishes some things I am particularly excited about. It  funds a program to modernize medical records at the VA. It also funds  the expansion of the Arlington National Cemetery which is something  that I think is a meaningful honoring of the promise that we have made  to our veterans to be able to be buried at Arlington if they so choose.   This program is an incredible demonstration of the commitment that  the folks in this Chamber have to honoring our promise to our military  servicemen and -women.   Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to support it and to thank our  colleagues on the Appropriations Committee for their hard work on this.   