 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in June, our Nation celebrates National  Immigrant Heritage Month. It is a reminder that, with the exception of  Native Americans and the descendants of enslaved people, every one of  us shares something in common with the families arriving in America  today, and that is the fact that our own ancestors once traveled far  and wide to reach this land of liberty and opportunity. In my case, it  was my grandmother. The year was 1911. She was forced to flee her home  in Lithuania. She boarded a ship in Germany, bound for America,  carrying two things in her arms: her Catholic prayer book and my infant  mother. She arrived in our country with the same hopes as every  immigrant who comes to America--from the immigrant business owners in  my State of Illinois and communities like Little Village to all of the  immigrant farm workers who keep food on our tables.   And today, the month of June is not only a chance to celebrate  America's heritage as a nation of immigrants, it should also serve as a  call to action for us in Congress. That is because today, June 15th,  marks the 11th anniversary of a life-changing program for a group of  young people who share my mother's story--the Deferred Action For  Childhood Arrival Program, DACA.   Back in 2010, on a bipartisan basis, the late Republican Senator  Richard Lugar and I asked President Obama to use his power as President  to protect from deportation hundreds of thousands of young people, many  of whom arrived in our country as infants and toddlers, like my mom.  And 11 years ago today, President Obama responded. He announced that he  would use his executive authority to create the DACA Program.   These young people are known generally as Dreamers. They have grown  up alongside our kids and grandkids. They pledge allegiance, as you  said so many times, to the same American flag, and many have gone on to  serve our Nation as members of the United States Armed Forces, first  responders, and much more. In fact, over the years, Dreamers have  become a household name. They have touched the hearts of Americans  because in them, we see ourselves, our own history, our own families.   Dreamers have earned their place in the American story. But right  now, they are still waiting on this Congress to finish the job that  President Obama started with DACA.   This program was always intended to be a temporary solution. The  permanent solution is obvious: Enact legislation--bipartisan  legislation--that was introduced more than two decades ago--the DREAM  Act. It would provide a path to citizenship for Dreamers all across  America. Without the protections of the DREAM Act, these young people  have been forced to live a life of uncertainty. They have to renew  their status every 2 years, which means they can only plan their lives  in two-year installments.   Today I want to tell you the story about one Dreamer. Her name is  Sumbul Siddiqui. Her story is the 136th Dreamer story that I have  shared on the Senate floor. Sumbul's family moved to the State of  Georgia from Pakistan when she was 4 years old. With most of her  relatives out of the country, she relied on her neighbors in Georgia as  her chosen family. Growing up, she was a star student with no shortage  of passions. She spent hours in the library getting lost in books,  learned to play the viola, and fell in love with the arts. In her mind,  she was just like any other kid, until she started applying to college  and discovered officially, legally, she was not an American citizen.   So even though Sumbul graduated from high school with the highest  honors, she feared that her immigration status would prevent her from  pursuing a college education. Fortunately, it did not.   Instead, Sumbul was awarded a private merit scholarship to attend  Agnes Scott College in Atlanta, GA. During her first year, she was  accepted into the DACA Program. She worked four jobs to cover the cost  of tuition and graduated still a semester early with honors. She even  found time to volunteer at a free health clinic. And it was in this  role, working alongside doctors in her community, that she found her  professional calling: medicine. So she decided to apply to a medical  school that had supported Dreamers since the beginning of DACA. I am  proud to say it is the Loyola University Stritch School of Medicine in  Chicago.   You see, back in 2012, the Stritch School of Medicine made a brave  commitment. They became the first medical school in America to adjust  its admission policy to welcome Dreamers. And in the years since,  nearly 40 Dreamers have graduated from this program at that medical  school.   Last month, Dr. Sumbul Siddiqui became one of those graduates. I had  the honor of speaking at her commencement ceremony before she and her  fellow graduating class, which included five other DACA recipients,  walked across the stage to receive their medical degrees. With her  medical degree, Dr. Siddiqui plans to dedicate her career to serving  families in the Chicagoland area. Soon, she will begin her residency at  the University of Chicago, where she will focus on supporting  underserved communities.   Ask yourself a basic question: Would America be better off if Dr.  Siddiqui and Dreamers like her were unable to work here in the United  States, when our communities are in desperate need of doctors and  nurses? Of course not.   Earlier this year, I reintroduced the Dream Act with my friend,  Republican Senator Lindsey Graham. We have been on the cusp of passing  the DREAM Act for years, but time and again, Congress has failed to  finish the job.   Right now, this legislation is more important than ever. That is  because one judge in Texas--who has repeatedly ruled against DACA-- could soon end protections for nearly 600,000 Dreamers. That would be a  disaster--not just for Dreamers, but for our entire country. It is time  for Congress to step up and meet our responsibility to Dreamers once  and for all--as well as our responsibility for America's future--on a  bipartisan basis.   I think that time is already here, and I hope we will meet our  obligation that is long overdue to solve this problem, not just for  this wonderful young woman and the ambition she has shown to make a  better life for herself, but for the future world.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, today, the Senate will vote to confirm  Nusrat Jahan Choudhury to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern  District of New York. Her historic confirmation will be an important  step forward in this Senate's efforts to bring greater professional and  demographic diversity to the Federal bench.   Ms. Choudhury is a seasoned litigator who has dedicated virtually her  entire career to defending the civil rights of all Americans. She  attended Columbia University and Yale Law School before clerking for  Judge Denise L. Cote on the Southern District of New York and for Judge  Barrington D. Parker, Jr., on the Second Circuit Court of Appeals.  Following her clerkships, Ms. Choudhury began her career at the  American Civil Liberties Union--ACLU--in New York, where she focused on  racial justice and national security issues for nearly a decade. Since  2020, she has served as the legal director of the ACLU in my home State  of Illinois, specializing in issues including prison reform, civil  rights, and government transparency. Ms. Choudhury has spent the vast  majority of her time in practice litigating in Federal court, and she  has tried three cases to verdict. Her courtroom experience and  commitment to ensuring equal justice under law will serve her well on  the Eastern District of New York.   She will also bring important diversity to the bench as the first  Bangladeshi American and first Muslim woman to serve as a Federal  judge.   The American Bar Association rated Ms. Choudhury ``well qualified''  for the district court, and she has the strong support of her home  State Senators: Mr. Schumer and Mrs. Gillibrand.   I support Ms. Choudhury's nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do  the same.   