 Mr. Speaker, hearing my friends on the other side of the  aisle talk, you know, we really are in two different universes. We live  in two different universes.   The invasion that is happening at the border has not happened to this  country, nor any other country that has survived. For you to make the  claim of compassion, where is the compassion for the rapes that are  occurring along the border?   Where is your compassion for the farmers?   It took your Vice President--I don't think she has been to the  border. It took the President--I don't think he has been to the border  where the crossings were really occurring. He went for a photo op.   Mr. Speaker, this is a crisis that no country that has ever had this  type of invasion has been able to survive. America is at a crossroads,  and this administration is guilty of opening up the borders.   There is no point of entry. That is where most of the illegals are  coming that they can't track.   As my good friend from Texas, Congressman Roy, said last night at an  8-hour Rules Committee meeting, the fact is, you don't want border  security. You want everybody from every country to come into America.  It is not fair for the police. It is not fair for our farmers.   What about our schools that are being flooded? What about The  Salvation Army that is being flooded--will be flooded?   What about our hospitals? For anybody and everybody coming into this  country, it is not right.   Let's look at some of the figures. By the way, this is the strongest  immigration bill that has ever been put forward.   Just over last weekend, there were 26,000 apprehensions; over 7,000  got-aways; over 164 pounds of marijuana; 84 pounds of cocaine; 11  pounds of fentanyl; and three sex offenders. This is just what was  caught. What was missed?   We are on track to have over 6 to 10 million illegals in this country  that are taking advantage of our citizens, taking advantage of our  police force, and taking advantage of those who have lived in this  country.   Get the wall built, which this bill does, and at least have some type  of knowledge of who is coming.   I have been to the border, and it is a sad sight to see. I have seen  what is happening when they load the buses and distribute people all  over the country. What about those who have done it legally?   Last August, Biden formally ended President Trump's successful Remain  in Mexico program, and within Biden's first 100 days in office, he took  94 executive actions on immigration.    Mr. Speaker, I will just end by saying this is un- American. It is not fair. I don't know how we walk this back, but this  bill is something that will protect this country. It will help this  country, and it will stop what this President is implementing.   