 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, ineffective, unreliable, and dangerous. That is  what we are here to talk about on this amendment. This amendment  strikes the $28 million in this bill to the Bureau of Ocean Energy  Management renewable energy program that promotes the administration's  reckless goal of creating 30 gigawatts of offshore wind production by  2030.   The promotion of the rapid expansion of offshore wind is particularly  misguided considering offshore wind's high levelized cost, the  significant lack of reliability, the impact on flight safety and  national defense, and the threat to endangered ocean wildlife from  offshore wind activity.   Offshore wind is one of the most expensive energy sources available.  The Energy Information Administration estimates the levelized cost of  energy for offshore wind at $136.51 per megawatt hour, which is three  times as much as even onshore wind, which is still way more expensive  than the traditional forms of energy that are clean and that we rely on  to turn these very lights on in this Chamber.   The heavy reliance on offshore wind is a contributing factor to the  United Kingdom having one of the highest electricity prices in the  world.   In addition to being expensive, wind power is notoriously unreliable.  Intermittency is a fact of life for wind power and one that cannot be  overcome or ignored. More simply put, if the wind stops blowing, the  power goes out. You don't have a backup because we are shutting down  all the backups across this country.   One of the significant contributors to the European energy crisis in  2021 and 2022 is a flatlining of offshore wind production. Investing  Federal resources in this expensive and unreliable technology is  economically ill-advised and unaffordable as we are $33 trillion in  debt.   Beyond the economic problems with offshore wind, these projects  actively threaten national security, maritime safety, and flight  safety.   The Department of Defense has identified most of the eastern Atlantic  Coast as a wind exclusion zone for defense and defense training,  including active and currently leased wind farm areas. The DOD, the  people we rely on to keep us safe, said, no, they don't want this.   The interagency Wind Turbine Radar Interference Mitigation Working  Group has raised concerns that these offshore wind farms will create  radar interference that will impede air traffic control, homeland  security, national defense, and weather forecasting.   Despite these concerns and the grave implications of radar  interference on the military and the maritime and aviation industries,  the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management has recklessly pursued these  offshore wind projects without addressing any of these issues. The  Bureau's renewable energy program is recklessly green-lighting wind  energy projects without accounting for any of the concerns I just  raised.   Congress must end the funding for this misguided program and protect  American taxpayers from the funding of this, again, ineffective,  unreliable, and dangerous form of energy.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Van Drew), someone on the front lines  who is dealing with this and energy bills with his bosses, his  constituents.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, while I like the last amendment, I have got  another good one.   This amendment strikes all funding, $3.75 million, for the Council on  Environmental Quality. The Council on Environmental Quality was created  by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 to advance  environmental policies and to meet requirements under NEPA.   The Biden administration has weaponized this CEQ with developing  policies on climate change, environmental justice, and Federal  sustainability, all while creating more paperwork under NEPA that the  previous administration tried to reverse.   Mr. Chairman, these policies are what is holding America back.  Onerous NEPA requirements and State-level laws like those in California  are holding back countless programs and construction projects around  the country. They are also part of the Democrat apparatus that aims to  shift America's way of life by meeting unscientific emission goals.   The Federal Government is supposed to do a lot of things. It doesn't  do many of them well, but it doesn't need to tell us how to cook our  food. Yet, as written by the Department of Energy's own estimates for  their gas stove rule, only 4 percent of gas stovetops available in the  market today meet the new standard, essentially forcing Americans to  choose electric stovetops.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her thoughts on  it.   Why are there three?   We want to give the minority three opportunities to do the right  thing. Oftentimes Members vote, and then they think, oh, boy. They hear  from their constituents and say that I wish I didn't vote that way.   We want to make sure that the minority knows that this agency does  not need to exist.   By the way, of all the things, again, that the Federal Government  needs to do, it does not need to be doing this. The States are doing an  adequate job. As a matter of fact, they are doing an awesome job and in  some places it is too awesome of a job.   Take California. It is losing population for the first time in  history because they are doing too awesome of a job of being tyrannical  towards their citizens with policies just like this.   We want the minority to have the opportunity. We want the minority to  know that this is a pressing issue. We want the minority to know that  we are not giving up on it and that we are going to keep coming back  until we end this boondoggle. Finally, we want to remind everybody--in  case no one else knows it--we are $33 trillion in debt and in the next  18 months we will probably be $36 trillion in debt.   Mr. Chairman, if you can't afford electricity, groceries, or  gasoline, your credit card payments are maxed out, and you can't afford  to buy a new car, the reason is because this Congress, this  institution, and this town refuses to stop the spending that is causing  all of your high prices.   This is the place to stop the spending.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment strikes $186.3 million in  funding for the National Endowment for the Arts. According to its  website, the NEA is the largest funder of the arts and arts education  in communities nationwide.   Now, this is all well and good. I am sure all of us here can  appreciate the arts. Certainly, I attend my daughters' concerts. We  have pictures hanging up in our home and pictures hanging up in my  office. We bought them. We pay for our daughters' instruments. We pay  for their instruction in music. We go to the plays, and we pay.  However, again, we are $33 trillion in debt. We are heading for $36  trillion in the next 18 months.   According to a recent report by Giving USA 2023, in 2022, giving to  the arts, culture, and humanities is estimated at over $24 billion. The  funding in this bill is a drop in the bucket compared to those private- sector contributions. Yet, it is still important to an America that is  careening towards bankruptcy.   Furthermore, there have been many debates about objectionable art  funded by NEA grants including lewd or controversial topics. Our  citizens, our bosses, and our constituents shouldn't have to be forced  to pay for these things that they find objectionable. One current  example is the NEA's current focus on equity, which only divides  Americans using identity politics.   One way to completely avoid that debate is to stop subsidizing any of  these projects.   The NEA also operates several programs that, quite frankly, shouldn't  exist, including the Art in Architecture program which commissions art  for Federal buildings, and the Arts and Artifacts Indemnity Program  which subsidizes the insurance of art exhibitions, both domestic and  international, including private collections.   It is not enough that we pay for it here, we have to spend the money  internationally, including private collections. This is our Federal  Government. These are our Federal tax dollars of which we are borrowing  right now to pay this bill. We just don't have the money for these  programs.   I don't have anything against Americans creating wonderful art or  enjoying wonderful art. I am one of them.   The question is: Should our taxpayers be paying for it?   I don't think that they should.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, the question really should be: Is this a  Federal requirement? Is this a Federal responsibility?   I agree with the gentlewoman on a whole host of things she said about  the economic impact of the arts and the humanities.   The question is: Should the Federal Government be doing it?   If there is a return on investment, and I agree there is, apparently,  it is worthy because in 2022 private industry and private contributions  were $24 billion. That is awesome. We ought to encourage that.   Now, maybe $186 million is a drop in the bucket in this bill, and I  suspect it is. Where I come from, $186 million is a heck of a lot of  money. It is a heck of a lot of money.   Mr. Chairman, if you watch the one millions, the two millions, the  five millions, the 100 millions, the 186 millions, then maybe sometimes  you can get to the fact that this year we are spending $2.2 trillion  more than we are taking in at the Federal level--$2.2 trillion.   Mr. Chairman, you have to start somewhere, and you start with the  ones, the tens, the twenties, the hundreds, and the hundred millions.  That is where you start.    This is not a Federal responsibility. It should be done by local and  State if they want to do it. The Federal Government cannot sustain it  and should not sustain it.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes $186.3 million in  funding for the National Endowment for the Humanities. I will say, yet  again, since people in Washington don't seem to care, we are over $33  trillion in debt. We are going to add another $3 trillion here in about  less than 2 years.   Let's take a look at the types of projects we are funding through the  NEH grants:   $60,000 to study the labor of interpreters in U.N. field missions;   $500,000 to renovate 5,800 square feet of gallery space in the  Adirondack Museum to meet ``contemporary museum standards'';   Over $330,000 for compact cabinetry and fixtures for a museum in  Richmond, Virginia;   Almost $150,000 to build a comics and social justice curriculum at  San Diego State University.   I have a kinship with San Diego. I have been to Richmond; I like it.  I am sure the gallery in the Adirondacks and the museum there are very  nice, but these are State and local projects. This is not a Federal  requirement.   The gentleman from Idaho talked about the small towns and communities  I am sure he represents and hopes that the arts and the humanities are  there. I hope for the same thing in the little town that I come from,  Dillsburg, a rural community that just held the farmers fair, where  children, including my daughters, entered their arts stuff to be  judged. There was no Federal grant to my kids or any kids in Dillsburg,  York, Hershey, Upper Dauphin, or Carlisle.   We all want things for our communities, and we want somebody else to  pay for them. It has to end somewhere, and this is a place where we can  start. Someone has to be responsible. Nobody is saying we shouldn't  have the arts and humanities. I am also not saying that some of these  aren't worthwhile projects. I am just saying that our constituents' tax  dollars shouldn't be subsidizing them.   If a State or locality wants to fund a local museum renovation or  curriculum at a State university, that is between them and their  taxpayers.  [[Page H5283]]    Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chair, let's talk about some other projects. I know  the good gentleman from Idaho talked about we are reducing spending, we  continue to reduce spending, and we try to do that.   Mr. Chairman, we are going broke saving money around this town. We  keep on talking about reducing spending, but somehow--I don't know how  it is--when I watch that clock one of my colleagues wears on his lapel,  the numbers on the national debt clock continue to get larger. I showed  the national debt clock to my daughter one time, and she said, ``What  is that?'' I pulled it up online, and I showed it to her. She stared at  it, and she said, Well, it never stops.   Mr. Chairman, it doesn't stop. We are going broke saving money.   Here are some more projects:   $60,000 to incorporate diversity, equity, and inclusion concepts and  content into humanities general education courses at Thomas Edison  State University in Trenton, New Jersey; a wonderful place;   Over $360,000 for diversity, equity, and inclusion programs at the  University of Central Oklahoma;   $215,000 to California State University for 25 middle and high school  English teachers to study climate futurism, which is storytelling that  uses climate science as a catalyst to imagine possible climate futures.   Now, the President has just asked for a supplemental of over $100  billion for wars in Ukraine, Israel, and to process more illegal  migrants across our border. We don't have money for that. We are going  to borrow money for that, and we are going to borrow money for this.   Mr. Chairman, there is a lot of worthwhile things in the world that  we want to be a part of, that we want to pay for. We just don't have  the money. We just don't have the money. I would ask that we quit  saving money and going broke and pass this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment prohibits the use of funds to  take retaliatory actions against States that fall short of their EPA- mandated pollutant reduction goals. Importantly, this amendment would  not prevent the EPA from working with States to restore the Chesapeake  Bay.   For context, in 1985, the States in the Chesapeake Bay region  recognized the need to address pollutants in the bay, and through their  own initiative, came together to conduct clean-up efforts. These State- driven efforts were largely successful. Water quality improved almost  50 percent from 1985 until 2010.   However, in 2010, the EPA seized the States' authority to determine  their own method of compliance and threatened to take over the water  quality plans if the States failed to comply.   States are not inferior agents to the Federal Government. States are  not servants to the Federal Government. This 2010 power grab, known as  the Chesapeake Bay TMDL, directly contradicts the intent of the Clean  Water Act, directly contradicts it. The Clean Water Act clearly  acknowledges State authority in water quality and requires cooperation,  not coercion, between the States and the Federal Government.   Now, these coercive methods have been tried and have failed. Water  quality has not improved since the federalization of bay clean-up  efforts.   It is imperative that we return the rights of the States to make  their own water quality decisions and restore the local control that  has been shown to improve water quality, to be effective, because the  future of the bay depends on it.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I remind the gentlewoman and everybody that  Pennsylvania and the other States are not ignoring the requirements. As  I said, while they were working together without Federal involvement,  without the coercive activity of the EPA, water quality was actually  improving. It was actually when the Federal Government got involved  that things stopped. It hasn't improved since that time. It worked  until the Federal Government got involved with their coercive activity,  and then it stopped.   This would just allow the States to go back to collaborative efforts,  with the Federal Government, with the EPA, without the heavy hand of  Damocles' sword hanging over their head trying to force them to do  something that apparently and obviously is ineffective. It is  ineffective.   We all have the same goal, to clean up the bay. The States have  agreed on their own to do this, and they have been effective. What is  not effective is the Federal Government's coercive activity. This  amendment seeks to remove the ability for that coercive activity so  that the requirement is just to work with the States to do what works  and works well.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment prohibits the EPA from using  funds for actions pursuant to section 115 of the Clean Air Act.   Section 115 of the Clean Air Act allows the EPA to mandate State  emissions levels to whatever level the agency deems appropriate if they  find the following: U.S. emissions endanger a foreign nation, and the  endangered nation has a reciprocal agreement to prevent or control  these emissions in their own nation.   That sounds complicated and screwed up because it is.   Our EPA deciding what we do in our States based on their agreement  with some other nation about what is happening in their nation  shouldn't have an impact on our States.   This is a backdoor provision that allows the EPA to vastly expand its  regulatory authority and encroach on the rights of the States to  regulate their own energy sectors based on the actions of a foreign  nation and a determination of the executive branch solely without any  input from this branch.   It is irresponsible to allow unelected bureaucrats at the EPA to  retain the ability to seize this expansive authority. If the U.S.  Government wants to pursue such a policy, one that, in my opinion, is  constitutionally suspect--be that as it may--it should be done through  an explicit congressional delegation of authority on a case-by-case  basis.   A similar amendment has passed the House during previous Interior- Environment appropriations packages. I know because I offered it. I am  hoping that my colleagues will do the same on this one and take back  our Article I authority and support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this goes exactly to the Paris climate  accord. When section 115 was written, along with the rest of the Clean  Air Act, that Paris climate accord did not exist. It is not a treaty.  We haven't signed it, yet we are bound to it as long as the executive  branch wants to use it and a foreign government says that our  government is polluting their country.   It is absolutely absurd. It was never envisioned by the EPA. I think  that they had good intentions, and I agreed with those good intentions  at the time, but since the Paris climate accord has been agreed to by  this administration, this is a dangerous precedent to set. It is  dangerous to allow it to be there.   Again, as I said, this has passed in previous appropriations  debates--this very amendment--and I encourage Members to vote in favor  of it again to make sure that we are controlling our country, that  States can control themselves, and that we don't rely on foreign  governments to control our country.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   