 Madam President, as we all are painfully aware, at home  and around the world, America is facing a vast array of security  threats. There is war in the Middle East, war in Europe, growing  instability and threats of conflict in the Indo-Pacific, and, of  course,  [[Page S5472]]  there is the unprecedented security crisis at our own southern border.   Unlike threats in other parts of the world, the border crisis wasn't  caused by our adversaries. It wasn't caused by the actions of an  authoritarian leader or events beyond our control. The border crisis is  an unforced error. It is a result of intentional decisions and policy  positions taken by the Biden administration.   For nearly 3 years, President Biden and leaders in his administration  have sent a signal to people around the world that America's southern  border is open. All you need to do is show up. Clearly, their message  came through loud and clear, much to the delight of the criminal  organizations that transport people--human smuggling--and the drug  dealers who have exploited this vulnerability. Clearly, they got the  message, too, and they are getting richer every day.   Since President Biden took office, we have logged nearly 6.3 million  illegal border crossings, plus at least 1.7 million known ``got- aways.'' Now, the Border Patrol calls a ``got-away'' somebody who has  been detected on a camera or on a radar screen, but when they show up  to try to detain them, they simply have vanished. Those are the ``got- aways,'' and there were 1.7 million known ``got-aways'' in just 3  years. So that is, all told, roughly 8 million people crossing our  border during the Biden administration.   People from every part of the globe are showing up at our border. In  a single year, migrants from 174 different countries crossed our  southern border. What they have learned to do is to claim asylum, and  then they know they will be released to await a potential future court  date that may be as long as 10 years in the future. In the meantime,  they get on with their lives. They marry. They have children who are  American citizens. And the simple truth is, they are not going  anywhere. We know that if they did show up for their immigration court  hearing, only about 15 percent would legally qualify for asylum under  the current law.   So word has gotten out that under the Biden administration, our  southern border is open, and if you show up, you will be released into  the interior. That has provided an enormous magnet or, in the  nomenclature of the Border Patrol, they call that a pull factor. It is  a huge pull factor or magnet for people around the world, saying: All  have you to do is show up, and the Biden administration will release  you into the interior of the United States.   So it should be no surprise that migrants are pouring across the  border in record numbers. So is fentanyl, which took the lives of  71,000 Americans last year alone.   We also know there are people on the Terrorist Watchlist who are  showing up at the border, but what I really worry about are those on  the Terrorist Watchlist who were part of the 1.7 million ``got-aways.''  In other words, we don't know how many people on the Terrorist  Watchlist have made their way into the interior of the United States as  a result of the Biden border crisis.   So what do we do? Well, the Biden administration thinks that all we  need to do is spend more money on the current system. We know that  tends to be a common response around here--just throw more money at a  problem. They tried to solve the inflation problem by spending hundreds  of billions of dollars on things like EV tax credits and a supersized  IRS. That gave us a 40-year high inflation rate that still hasn't  abated yet. Then they tried to address the student loan crisis by  shifting the debt from the people who owed it and who borrowed it and  who are legally responsible for it to taxpayers--another massive fail.  Now they claim they can solve the border crisis by writing another big  check. Needless to say, we should all be skeptical.   To be clear, funding is important, but funding for the right things  is even more important. In order for anything to change at the border,  we need real, substantive policy changes.   Last month, the White House issued a supplemental funding request to  respond to major national security threats we are facing today,  including the border, but, as I and others have pointed out, the border  portion of President Biden's funding request is completely inadequate.  His request would actually worsen the border crisis--such as a request  for more noncustodial housing options for migrants in expedited removal  proceedings. This would allow migrants who are on the verge of being  deported to be released into the United States--the opposite of what we  should be doing. It would constitute yet another pull factor for anyone  considering a journey to the border.   On the whole, the Biden administration's request demonstrates exactly  how nonserious they are about solving this crisis. One example is their  request for more detention beds. Now, to be clear, more detention beds  are needed, but I think it would be helpful for President Biden and  some of our colleagues to review the math here. Border Patrol has  roughly 20,000 detention beds now, which are strictly for short- term detention. ICE, or Immigration and Customs Enforcement, has  another 20,000 beds for migrants in expedited removal. Now, those may  sound like big numbers, but the beds fill up quickly. In September,  nearly 270,000 migrants crossed the southern border. That is an average  of 9,000 a day. If we were to start with a clean slate, all the Border  Patrol beds would be filled in 2 days.    Migrants who are placed in expedited removal and are seeking asylum  are supposed to complete a credible fear screening--a process which  takes approximately 13 days. If the administration wanted to do things  by the book--in other words, if they wanted to follow the law--we would  need the capacity to hold every person who crossed the border for 2  weeks just to figure out whether they had a serious claim for asylum  and then a longer period to evaluate those claims, and what they have  requested clearly will not allow that to happen. Just to reemphasize  the point, that is just to figure out if an asylum claim is plausible  on its face before an immigration court determines whether it is  supported by adequate evidence. That success rate is roughly 15  percent, which means the people who are waiting in line--those 15  percent who have legitimate claims--can't even get their claims heard  because of all the people who have no legitimate claims clogging the  dockets of the immigration courts.   So, as you can see, at current levels, we would need hundreds of  thousands of detention beds. That is because the Biden administration  has allowed this crisis to grow to such epic proportions that it can't  be fixed by just more officers or a small increase in detention beds.  Nine thousand illegal border crossings a day is evidence of a policy  problem, not just a funding problem. More funding would actually be  useless until we address the pull factors that are bringing these  people here.   Last week, a group of Senate Republicans released a proposal that  could serve as a starting point for negotiations in the Senate, but,  unlike the President's request, it includes real, substantive policy  changes to address the pull factors that are drawing people from around  the world to our southern border.   In order to restore some control, we need deterrence. We need  consequences for people breaking the rules and trying to come in  illegally. We need to show people who have no legitimate claim to  remain in the United States that if they come, they will not be able to  stay. That is what will provide the consequences and deterrence that  will prevent massive numbers of additional migrants from attempting the  trip to our border.   If they know they are unlikely to be successful, they are unlikely to  spend the thousands of dollars they have to spend now to the criminal  organizations to transport them to our border. If they don't come, that  will alleviate some of the massive influx of humanity which has  prevented the Border Patrol from interdicting the drugs that took the  lives of 108,000 Americans last year alone. That is where the criminal  organizations or cartels are also getting rich--smuggling people,  smuggling drugs.   I continue to be dumbfounded by the unwillingness of our Democratic  colleagues and the President of the United States to recognize what a  disaster this really is. Since President Biden took office, our country  has logged more illegal border crossings than it did under the previous  two administrations combined.   We know that migrants are placing a massive strain on many of our  major  [[Page S5473]]  American cities, including sanctuary cities like New York and Chicago.  At the same time, fentanyl and other dangerous drugs are killing our  youth.   Fentanyl or synthetic opioids are now the leading cause of death for  18- to 45-year-olds in America. Do you think that will get somebody's  attention here in the Nation's Capital or at the White House? No  community has been spared from the devastation of these drugs.   As I said, last fiscal year so far, we have seen about 169 people on  the Terrorist Watchlist encountered at the border. Last year, the  Border Patrol detained more people on the Terrorist Watchlist than it  did in the previous 6 years combined. So our adversaries clearly see  this as an opportunity to enter the United States with nobody the  wiser. And, of course, as I said, this doesn't account for all the  people who came in who were on the Terrorist Watchlist or who do have  evil designs on our country who were part of the 1.7 million ``got- aways.''   It is no overstatement to say that a border crisis is a massive  security threat to our country. It is putting every community in  America at risk. If our Democratic colleagues are willing to help  America's friends and allies like Israel and Ukraine, they should be  willing to help their own constituents and help defend their own  country against this influx of humanity.   Biden's mishandling of the border has created a major national  security risk, and the Senate deserves and needs to treat this matter  with all seriousness. Republicans are not interested in just throwing  money at the current system. Wasteful, inefficient spending is not the  solution here. We need to fundamentally shift the dynamics at the  southern border, and that will require real, substantial policy  changes.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   