 I would. I would agree.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, Americans  deserve a transparent, affordable, and accessible prescription drug  market. I agree with the concerns that each of my colleagues have  raised here tonight. The current system fails to meet these needs, and  I appreciate the intentions of my colleagues in attempting to shed  light on the opaque pricing system that we now face. The problem is  that the solution proposed in Senate bill 1250 is the wrong solution.    If you listened carefully to the debate of my colleagues, their main  objection was that the prescription drug companies are advertising and  promoting and creating markets for their products. Their solution is to  have them tell you what the price is, and what they are asking in their  legislation is that the prescription drug manufacturers be required to  state their list price.   But we all know that the list price is not actually the correct  price, and it will actually create confusion even further by forcing  these pricing numbers to be put out into the marketplace through  commercial advertising in a way that will then, I believe, undercut the  major reforms that we are now undertaking in the Finance Committee to  get the opaque system eliminated, to shed transparency onto the system,  and help all consumers--including the United States Government--to  understand what the real price is.   Senator Grassley referenced three or four of his bills that we are  working on in legislation right now in the Finance Committee that make  major reforms to achieve this very price transparency that I am talking  about. We had a markup on that legislation just recently, and it passed  26 to 0 in the Finance Committee. It is ready to come to the floor. It  will deal with many of these things that have already been discussed  here, but it will not create a mandate that the wrong price be  advertised on TV.   Far too often, heavily concentrated health plans and PBMs force  consumers to pay on that list price for prescription drugs, exposing  seniors and working families to catastrophic costs. This bill, if  enacted, would mandate the inclusion of these inflated figures in  virtually all medication ads, reinforcing the notion of the list price  as the best pricing opportunity for consumers.   Respectfully, I see these requirements as moving our current system  in the wrong direction by affirming deceptive price points that should  never be the basis for a patient's cost or decisions.   A drug's list price includes none of the discounts, none of the  rebates or other price concessions found in the net price--the real  price that is paid between the insurers and the PBMs and often then  dealt with in pharmacies that are integrated with the insurance  companies and the PBMs.   A recent study showed that this gap between the list and the net  price continues to inflate every year. In 2022, for instance, sticker  prices for branded drugs, like those you have seen on charts here, grew  by 3.7 percent; whereas, the net prices--the real price--which was not  able to be figured out by the consumer accounting for rebates and  discounts, remained unchanged.   For medicines like insulin, the gap between the list and the net  price can exceed 80 percent.   Rather than broadcast and validate list prices, Congress should  ensure that patients can share in the savings that are reflected in net  price points, enabling both increased transparency and reduced out-of- pocket costs at the pharmacy counter. The better act--the one I just  referred to that is coming out of the Finance Committee with a 26 to 0  vote--would take numerous steps toward achieving this goal with sizable  cost-sharing reductions for seniors and no premium hikes. This proposal  before us today, by contrast, would risk rubberstamping the centrality  of sticker prices that no consumer should need to pay under a rational  healthcare system.   I share the concerns of scores of patient advocates and clinicians  who agree with the need for more transparent pricing but disagree with  the approach taken by this bill. As many of these groups have pointed  out, list price disclosures can trigger confusion for consumers and  deter healthy, proactive doctor-patient discussions.   In fact, I would think that the drug manufacturers would love to have  their list price--the one they want to start out asking for--be the one  that is marketed.   For Americans with solid prescription drug coverage, list prices  provide no direct insight into what a patient will actually pay for a  given drug. For the population more broadly and for policymakers, the  mandates in this legislation do nothing to unearth critical information  on the price concessions routinely withheld from consumers.   Additionally, the bill's free speech concerns warrant further  discussion and scrutiny, and its transformation of CMS into an  advertising regulator raises legal questions of mission creep and  Agency scope. I stand ready to work with my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle to reduce patient costs and to move toward more transparency  in the marketplace. That said, for numerous reasons, I cannot support  this legislation and must object to its passage.   