 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the high cost of  energy and the high cost of gasoline prices that are the direct result  of the Biden administration's harmful energy policies.   As Americans hit the road over the recent holiday weekend, many  noticed something that has become all too familiar under the Biden  administration, and that is continued high prices at the gas pump. The  average cost of a gallon of gas was about $2.40 on January 20, 2021.  Today, consumers are paying at the pump about $3.80 a gallon for  gasoline, on average. That is 60 percent higher than when President  Biden took office. That hits every one of them right in the pocketbook,  particularly those who can afford it the least.   Now, gasoline is like any commodity, wherein prices are high because  demand exceeds supply. President Biden's energy policy is the problem.  There can be no doubt about that. The main problem is that President  Biden's Green New Deal policies are stifling domestic energy  production--that is the main problem--but President Biden has literally  taken action to put America behind the barrel. It is not just that he  is restricting domestic supply; he has also increased our dependence on  foreign oil, and our adversaries know it. Let me tell you what I mean.   Since the Biden administration started, it has released 260 million  barrels from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, bringing our Reserve to  its lowest level since 1983. Approximately, 350 million barrels remain  in the Reserve--350 million barrels. That is down from the alltime high  of more than 700 million barrels. So our Reserve, our Strategic  Petroleum Reserve, is at less than half of its capacity.   You might have noticed that on Tuesday, September 5, Saudi Arabia and  Russia extended a 1.3-million-barrel-a-day cut through December. So  they extended a reduction through the end of the year. Saudi Arabia is  voluntarily cutting 1 million barrels per day of production while  Russia is reducing 300,000 barrels per day of exports. Following that  announcement, the price of Brent crude rose to over $90 a barrel, and  the price of WTI--West Texas Intermediate--crude rose to almost $87 a  barrel. Today, they are up again.   Basically, President Biden has weakened our ability to respond just  when we need to. As I say, our adversaries are well aware of it. That  is why they are reducing supply--to push the price up.   The real problem is that he has put handcuffs on our producers and is  restricting supply here at home, which is the real solution. To add  insult to injury, he has also depleted the Reserve because he was  trying to keep prices down earlier. Our adversaries know it, and now  they are taking advantage of it. Unbelievable. Unbelievable.   Every successful economy depends on having access to low-cost,  dependable sources of energy, and our vast supply of Federal oil, gas,  and coal resources is one of our Nation's most strategic assets. Yet,  instead of harnessing our abundant, taxpayer-owned energy reserves, the  Biden administration is taking every imaginable step to curtail new  production.  [[Page S4222]]    The Interior Department is failing to hold quarterly lease sales  onshore and is reducing available acreage both onshore and offshore for  leasing. Just today, it was reported that the Biden administration is  canceling a congressionally mandated lease sale in Alaska that was  awarded in 2021.   Alongside restricting lands available for leasing, the Biden  administration is imposing new costs and burdens on Federal energy  leases. Maximizing access to new leasing today is directly tied to  growing production and supply not only for today but for the long  term. Otherwise, production will continue to fail to meet demand, and  that means higher prices for American consumers.    Also, our Nation's refining capacity has fallen from 19 million  barrels per day in 2020 to about 18 million barrels a day now. We have  not built a new refinery in the United States since 1977, and the Biden  administration's regulatory onslaught and rush to electric vehicle  mandates only drives those gas prices higher.   Instead of empowering more U.S. energy production and encouraging  much needed new investment, President Biden drained our strategic  petroleum reserve to its lowest level in 40 years, while begging  countries like Venezuela and Saudi Arabia to produce more. And as I  just said, Russia and OPEC know it, and they are restricting their  production to push oil prices higher.   It makes no sense to increase our reliance on Russia and OPEC for  energy. These are foreign producers that have little or no regard for  environmental stewardship. So think about it. The Biden administration  is doing this in the name of environmental stewardship? So they want  oil produced in a way that is not environmentally friendly rather than  the best environmental standards, which we have here in the United  States?   Again, it defies common sense, and it hurts every American consumer.  The United States is a global energy powerhouse, and it is time we act  like one. Simply put, increasing U.S. energy production and refining  capacity is the ultimate solution to bringing more supply, thereby  lowering prices at the pump and providing hard-working families and  businesses the relief from high energy prices they need and they  deserve. That is why President Biden needs to take the handcuffs off  and unleash the full potential of America's vast energy reserves.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   