 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Daniel  Davis, my speechwriter--and invaluable member of our team--be granted  floor privileges until January 27, 2023.    Mr. President, if I might be recognized, nearly 1 year  ago, Russia launched an unprovoked, illegal, and brutal war of  aggression against Ukraine. In doing so, Vladimir Putin quite literally  sought to wipe a sovereign nation off the map. But as the world  witnessed in the months that followed, Mr. Putin had vastly  underestimated the Ukrainian people and the Ukrainian leadership.  Rather than capitulate, Ukrainians have resisted and saved their  homeland from full-scale occupation. The courage and ingenuity shown by  Ukrainian troops, many of whom were civilians before the war, continues  to be nothing short of heroic.   This morning, we learned of yet another act of Russian terror in the  form of a barrage of drones and missiles raining down on Kyiv. This  left severe casualties. This act of brute intimidation, which has  become all too common over the past year, was clearly meant to break  the will of the Ukrainian people as they prepare to receive more  military aid from the United States and from other allies.   Thankfully, Ukrainian forces successfully shot down the vast majority  of those incoming projectiles using advanced air defense technology.  This is just one more example of what many of us in this Chamber have  asserted for months: If Ukrainians get the tools they need, they can  finish the job and defeat Vladimir Putin.   The harsh reality is that these kinds of attacks on Ukraine, leaving  a trail of casualties in their wake, have become far too common, and if  leaders across the free world had acted sooner, we would be better  positioned to save the lives and critical infrastructure now.   The U.S. Congress has led the world in supporting the Ukraine war  effort. In fact, we have led the Biden administration--this Senate, on  both sides of the aisle. On a bipartisan basis, we have provided  security assistance, humanitarian aid, and direct support to Ukraine's  government. Although this has amounted to tens of billions of taxpayer  dollars, this is actually a bargain investment.   Let's put it in context. According to the Kiel Institute's Ukraine  Support Tracker, the total U.S. contribution to Ukraine, through  November of last year, amounted to only 0.2 percent of our gross  domestic product. The new Congress must continue this bipartisan  support for Ukraine, and I look forward to leading the charge as  ranking member of the Armed Services Committee.   As the first anniversary of this war approaches, we should reflect on  the progress made by Ukraine, and we should carefully consider how to  help them decisively win this conflict so that a lasting peace can take  root. To do so, we first need to state clearly what our American  interests are in Ukraine. That is something the President and his  advisers have repeatedly failed to do, choosing instead to make vague  references to the rules-based international order, or words to that  effect.   The American people are right to demand straight answers. With  inflation rampant, crime on the rise, and an open southern border, it  is fair to ask why we should care about what happens in Ukraine.   I offer four reasons.   First, Ukraine matters because the security of Europe is closely tied  to our own American security and our own American prosperity. For  decades, all of our fellow citizens have benefited from peace and  stability in Europe, purchased by the sacrifices of Americans in World  War I and World War II. What is at stake today in Ukraine is whether  the fruits of those sacrifices will continue to endure.   Allowing Putin to prevail in Ukraine would usher in a new age of  chaos and instability and would invite Putin to test our resolve to  defend our NATO allies. Make no mistake, Putin will push the envelope  as far as we let him. His goal is to remake the old Soviet empire, and,  regrettably, the West has misread and underestimated Putin's intentions  for years--in 2008, when he invaded Georgia; and then in 2014, with the  seizure of Crimea and parts of eastern Ukraine; and, yet again, last  year in Ukraine with this full-scale invasion.   His imperial ambitions are now undeniable. If Vladimir Putin is not  stopped in Ukraine, the security of the entire European continent will  be put at risk.   Second, our support and the support of our allies for Ukraine has  made a huge difference and has significantly weakened Russia. Thanks to  the U.S. military assistance and the courage of Ukrainian troops,  Russia has lost its ability to carry out near-term conventional  invasions of NATO members, and we achieved that without having to send  a single American soldier into combat.   The Russian losses have been massive. Last week, the Chairman of the  Joint Chiefs of Staff, GEN Mark Milley, estimated that significantly  more than 100,000 Russian troops have been killed or wounded in  Ukraine during the war, not to mention thousands of combat vehicles,  tanks, artillery pieces, and aircraft destroyed.    For those questioning the cost of our assistance, I would simply pose  the alternative: How much would it cost in American lives and treasure  to confront the Russians directly? Because that is the reality we face  if Putin tests our resolve to defend NATO. From that perspective, we  are getting one heck of a deal by helping Ukraine do its own fighting.   Third, our support for Ukraine is prompting European countries to  take more responsibility for their own security, something we have long  urged them to do. Republican and Democrat Presidents alike have long  believed that Europeans should take the lead on European security. I  agree. Almost every American agrees.   Thanks to our example, our NATO allies are now spending tens of  billions more on defense, much of which will be  [[Page S127]]  spent here in the United States. In particular, our friends in the  United Kingdom, Poland, Romania, and the Baltic states are making all  the right choices to help Ukraine win and prepare their own militaries  to deter Russia for decades to come. Backing away from Ukraine at this  crucial moment would undermine our credibility as we ask the Europeans  to shoulder more of the collective defense burden.   Fourth, although this war is happening in Europe, we should not  forget who else is watching. Some skeptics of our mission in Ukraine  believe it distracts from our principal security threat: the Chinese  Communist Party. But the reality is the exact opposite. Xi Jingping is  watching us closely. He wants to see if we will stick by our  commitments as he weighs his opportunities of invading his own  neighbor--and our friend--Taiwan.   Our Indo-Pacific allies are also watching closely and even helping in  Ukraine. As Japanese Prime Minister Kishida recently noted, ``Ukraine  today could be Asia tomorrow.''   Far from distracting us from China, stopping Putin in Ukraine is  indispensable in deterring China. We dare not show weakness at this  moment in Ukraine. Doing so would simply invite other dictators to act  just like Vladimir Putin.   The bottom line is that America's interest in this war is clear: We  need Ukraine to win, and that means giving them the tools to prevail.  Cutting our support would cost us far more in the long run.   Unfortunately, as we know, Vladimir Putin understands only brute  force. He will not capitulate or negotiate until he is forced to do so.   This is something President Biden failed to appreciate when he  downplayed Putin's threats a year ago by talking about ``minor  incursions.'' Remember that--``minor incursions''? At every step of  this crisis, it has been Congress, not the administration, that has  taken the lead, and it is something that the President still fails to  grasp as he and his administration continue to slow-roll military aid  for fear of ``escalation.''   The Biden administration has come along grudgingly as Congress has  pushed and pulled and taken the lead. For example, in May of last year,  Congress provided the administration with roughly $8.5 billion of  drawdown authority to transfer weapons and munitions from U.S.  inventories to Ukraine through the end of September. But the  administration let almost $3 billion of that authority expire.   Ukraine can win this war. Ukraine must win this war. But we and our  allies have to do our part to help them. When Russia first launched its  invasion, the prospect of Ukrainian victory indeed seemed unlikely. The  Russian blitzkrieg forced Ukraine to fight for its very survival. It  took repeated acts of heroism to push the Russians back, from President  Zelenskyy's fearless example of leadership down to the foot soldiers,  like Vitaly Volodymyrovych, who blew up the bridge beneath his feet,  sacrificing his own life, to stop the Russian advance.   After Russian troops faltered in those initial days, they pivoted to  a barbaric tactic of heavy bombardment of civilians--shelling homes,  schools, and hospitals. These were war crimes. And as the Russians were  finally expelled from Kyiv, we learned of the horrific atrocities  committed against civilians, particularly in the city's outer lying  areas, such as Bucha.   And then began the counteroffensive. The Ukrainians retook Snake  Island, liberated Kharkiv, and eventually expelled the Russians from  Kherson in November. Their battlefield success demonstrated the impact  of high-end U.S. military aid--such as HIMARS, long-range rockets--as  well as the Ukrainians' own capabilities to plan and execute complex  operations in defense of their own homeland.   Today, the situation has stabilized, with Russia occupying only about  15 percent of Ukraine.   The courage of Ukrainians presents us with an opportunity. As the war  approaches its second year, Congress must once again lead the  administration to ramp up military aid to Ukraine to drive toward  victory. We should all want Ukraine to win the war. A continuation of  the status quo, which would drag out the war, favors Russia. The United  States has made a huge difference in this war, and we can now tip the  balance in favor of Ukraine if we take the right steps. I would sum up  this policy of the right steps in three words: more, better, and  faster--more ground vehicles and munitions, better equipment, faster  deliveries. We need faster deliveries right now.    While I appreciate the White House's recent announcement that we will  send a batch of Abrams tanks to Ukraine, it is now our duty to follow  through on this commitment and make certain the Ukrainians promptly  receive the battlefield capabilities we plan to provide them, including  the necessary training.   In addition, we need to give Ukraine ATACMS, long-range missiles, and  advanced drones, like the Gray Eagle and Reaper. We should deliver  these assets quickly to make an immediate difference on the  battlefield. In concert with our allies, this approach of ``more,  better, and faster'' would give the Ukrainians a real shot at victory.   At the same time, we must continue our work to expand our own defense  industrial capacity here at home. The American people have already  invested billions of dollars to replenish the weapons we transferred to  Ukraine, particularly munitions. We are using that money here in  America to expand production, doubling and even tripling production  capacities for weapons like 155-millimeter shells, Javelins, and  HIMARS, and our work on that has just begun.   Lastly, we will continue to maintain and expand the rigorous  oversight structure we have placed over military aid. As of today,  Congress has imposed more than two dozen detailed oversight  requirements on the Biden administration, and we continue to monitor  their responses closely. Of course, some of the oversight work we do is  classified to protect the people and sources conducting it. But  Americans should know the scope of our oversight work, and so we will  hold oversight hearings in this Congress, and we will do so on a  bipartisan basis.   We should also press the Pentagon to make more oversight information  public. We should continue tracking the work of the inspectors general  in the State Department and the Department of Defense and in the U.S.  Agency for International Development and 14 other government  organizations that are already tasked with ensuring accountability for  all spending related to Ukraine. These organizations are hard at work.  Thus far, 20 reviews of Ukraine assistance have been completed, with  another 64 reviews ongoing or planned. That is oversight.   We have work ahead of us this year, and it is critical work. If we  make the right choices, we can ensure a Ukrainian victory over Russia,  send a message of strength to China and others who wish us ill, and  restore the United States as the world's arsenal of democracy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   