 Mr. President, under Biden's leadership, the United  States has experienced an unprecedented border crisis. That is not  exactly news because for the last 2\1/2\ years, Customs and Border  Protection has encountered more than 5.2 million migrants at the  border, plus another 1\1/2\ million ``got-aways.''   In other words, under our bizarre and broken immigration system, 5.2  million people basically were welcomed at the border, while another  million and a half simply fled the Border Patrol and made their way  into the interior of the United States.   Now, it is true out of the 5.2 million under title 42, the COVID-19  order, basically public health order, that 2.6 million of the 5.2 were  returned to their country of origin or at least expelled out of the  United States. That was a public health order, but that is gone. That  is expired. That has served its time.   So under any scenario, you can conclude that under President Biden's  tenure, millions of people have made their way into the United States,  not using the legal pathways that are designed to make our immigration  system safe, orderly, and humane--something that I know we all support,  legal immigration--instead, President Biden's failures, when it comes  to border policy, has resulted in transnational criminal organizations  controlling immigration, and they also control the drug trafficking  that makes its way across the border.   And as was acknowledged by the Attorney General, Merrick Garland,  when he was testifying before the Judiciary Committee, I believe he  said he understood that this was part of the business model of these  organizations, these criminal organizations. They would flood the  border with people, and as the Border Patrol was diverted to try to  deal with that mass of humanity, including unaccompanied children, that  left huge gaps in the border which were then exploited by the drug  cartels to move drugs into the interior of the United States.   Rather than secure the border or make any attempt to deter illegal  immigration, the Biden administration has allowed the chaos to continue  for nearly 2\1/2\ years.   Now, inexplicably, the President claims this is all part of his plan  to promote safe, orderly, and humane migration, but there is nothing  safe about the journey migrants take to the United States in the hands  of cartels, coyotes, and ordinary criminals.   There is nothing orderly about migrants using inflatable rafts and  ropes to cross the Rio Grande where some meet their death when they  drown. And there is nothing humane about what is happening in the  United States now as a result of the border crisis.   First, let's look at what happens to the children. Since President  Biden took office, more than 300,000 unaccompanied children have been  encountered at the border and then placed with a sponsor in the  interior of the United States. To be clear, these children did not  arrive in the United States with their parents. These children made the  dangerous journey north with basically any adult who is willing to  convey them from their home, across the border, into the United States.   But the truth is, these children are not unaccompanied. They are  accompanied by the criminals who make this their business. The sad  reality is that many come to the United States in the care of cartels,  human smugglers, and coyotes, and parents pay smugglers thousands of  dollars to bring their children to the United States.   I have no doubt that when those children reached the United States,  their parents thought they would be safe. After all, this is the  greatest country  [[Page S2153]]  in the world, a country that values freedom, justice, and opportunity.  I am sure their parents expected they would live safe and happy lives  while their asylum claims are being considered, but we know the ugly  truth.   We know now that countless children have experienced a new hell right  here in the United States. The New York Times, for example, published  two bombshell investigative reports detailing widespread exploitation  of migrant children here in our country. Some children are being forced  to work in meatpacking plants, food processing facilities, and  construction jobs--underage children. These are not part-time jobs  after school; these are full-time jobs instead of going to school, in  violation of many States' child labor laws.    They are being treated as indentured servants as they try to pay off  the debts they owe to the traffickers who brought them here. And there  is no question the Biden administration understands what is going on,  and, yes, their silence is complicity. Once unaccompanied children are  apprehended and processed at the border, the Department of Health and  Human Services has the legal responsibility to place these children  with a safe sponsor.   According to longstanding policy, the agent follows up with a phone  call 30 days later to make sure that the child is safe. On both  counts--the preplacement vetting and the post-placement wellness  check--the Biden administration has completely fumbled its  responsibilities.   Health and Human Services actually loosened the vetting requirements  in order to get children out of shelters fast--as fast as possible-- with little regard for the increased danger to these children.   The New York Times has documented that at least 85,000 of those  300,000 children cannot even be reached within 30 days. So the practice  is to make a wellness call in 30 days, but 85,000 of those 300,000  children, there is no answer.   So the Biden administration can't tell you where these children are,  whether they are being fed, whether they are going to school, whether  they are being neglected or abused or forced into involuntary labor.  President Biden's administration doesn't know, and I think the sad  truth is they don't care--because if they did care, this would not be  allowed to continue.   This isn't breaking news. This isn't something I am announcing here  today for the first time. Two major investigative pieces by the New  York Times has exposed this scandal.   Over the last couple years, the Department of Health and Human  Services has received countless warnings that these children are in  danger. Those warnings came through its own hotline, government  contractors, and scores of employees who sounded the alarm. Not only  did Health and Human Services ignore the warnings of whistleblowers, it  tried to silence them.   Department leadership retaliated against employees who shined a light  on this massive abuse. As a result, countless children have remained in  dangerous situations just so the administration could avoid an  embarrassing PR headache.   As we know, the tens of thousands of migrant children who have been  lost--literally lost--by the Biden administration are not the only  victims of the border crisis.   Now, I sometimes ask myself, what is it going to take? How bad are  things going to have to get before this situation registers with enough  people of good conscience and good will that they are actually willing  to do something about it? And I am constantly disappointed that in  spite of the scandal, we can't find enough people of good will and good  intentions here in the U.S. Senate to change this, to make it better,  to throw a rescue line to these kids.   But the story gets worse. We know the fentanyl epidemic has killed  more than 70,000 people a year in the United States just last year,  making it the leading cause of death for Americans ages 18 to 49--the  leading cause of death. We know that the fentanyl epidemic does not  discriminate. It kills young people. It kills old people. It kills rich  people. It kills poor people, both those living in major cities and  those living in rural America.   And we know the overwhelming majority of this fentanyl comes across  the U.S.-Mexico border. Again, this is not breaking news. This is  something known to all of us, including the Biden administration.   We also know where the precursor chemicals come from. These are  chemicals shipped from China, shipped to Mexico, where the drug cartels  mix them up. They use industrial-sized pill presses to gin out hundreds  of thousands of pills that are contaminated with fentanyl.   Now, most of the time people who get poisoned by fentanyl don't  actually know they are taking fentanyl. They may think they are taking  a Xanax or Percocet or some other more innocuous medication, something  we would prefer our kids not to take, but we understand sometimes that  happens.   But they have no idea that a tiny dose of fentanyl can kill them and  that many of these pills ginned out by the drug cartels, using these  precursor chemicals in Mexico, are then shipped across the border and,  unfortunately, routinely, take the lives of young, bright children who  have the best of their lives ahead of them.   Between October of last year and April of this year, Customs and  Border Protection seized more than 12,000 pounds of fentanyl at the  southern border. Again, if you have a pencil--and I don't have a  pencil, but I have a pen--it is basically the part of the pen that  sticks out of the end of the part you hold onto. It takes that little  amount of fentanyl to kill you. And last year, Customs and Border  Protection seized 17,000 pounds of it.   Now, some people say: Well, that is great. We don't have a problem.  The Border Patrol seized it. Well, you remember those ``got-aways'' I  mentioned earlier, more than a million of them? They were running away  from law enforcement, and I guarantee you it was for a reason. Either  they knew that their criminal record and background would not make it  possible for them to legally migrate into the United States or they  were carrying drugs like this fentanyl. And we know a lot of it is  getting through because we are seeing the devastation that it has  wrought--again, with 71,000 fentanyl-related deaths last year alone. So  we know CBP is not able to interdict every ounce of illicit drugs--far  from it.    Over the past couple years, the unprecedented border crisis under the  Biden administration has affected all of our missions at the border,  including those that have nothing to do with immigration. Law  enforcement has been shifted to the frontlines in order to process and  care for the migrants. Instead of stopping dangerous drugs and  criminals, many agents are pushing paper and changing diapers.   No one is happier with this situation than the drug cartels and the  criminals who smuggle migrants for money. They are getting rich. What  is not to love from their standpoint? With fewer agents on the  frontline, they have a clear and easy path to move fentanyl, heroine,  methamphetamine, and other deadly drugs into the United States, and our  communities are being ravaged by the overdose epidemic. The  administration has given the cartels clear and easy corridors to  traffic even more of their poison into the United States, as I have  described.   Well, this is hardly a picture of a humane response to the border  crisis, as President Biden and his administration claim. This is not  humane.   Well, as I said earlier, sometimes I ask myself, what will it take?  What will it take to get the attention of the people who actually have  the authority to change this, to make it better, to save lives? Because  hearing about these crises is enough to make your blood boil.   The administration cut corners in order to place migrant children  with sponsors. It exerted minimal effort to follow up with those  children to ensure they are safe and healthy. At the same time, the  chaos caused by the border crisis has led to a security breakdown which  enables fentanyl and other dangerous drugs to pour into the United  States, killing Americans--108,000 last year alone.   Despite the widespread suffering caused by the Biden administration's  policies, the President and his senior officials just don't seem to  care. They don't care. If they did care, they would  [[Page S2154]]  do something about it. So it is clear to me they don't care.   There is a clear need to secure the border and stop the unprecedented  migration crisis, but the majority of our Democratic colleagues refuse  to address the border crisis unless Congress passes what they call  comprehensive immigration reform. So, in other words, they are holding  these children, they are holding the rest of the country hostage in  order to achieve a legislative goal which they know is not possible-- one, because we have a divided government: a Republican-controlled  House and a Democratic-controlled Senate and a Democrat sitting in the  White House.   There is no question that America's immigration system is in need of  modernization. It is outdated, inefficient, and crippled by backlogs.  But, as everyone knows, immigration reform is a very, very difficult,  thorny issue. For 2 years, our Democratic colleagues controlled all  three branches of government, and they couldn't even pass a partisan  immigration bill. Now that we are operating in divided government, that  calculus becomes harder, not easier.   There is absolutely zero chance that the Democrat-led Senate and the  Republican-led House will be able to reach an agreement on immigration  reform anytime soon. I wish that were not true. It doesn't have to be  true, but I think, unless attitudes change, that is a fact.   Still, this elusive idea of comprehensive immigration reform has  become a holdup for other problems relating to the border and  immigration. In other words, these emergencies occurring at the border  are being held hostage to an impossible goal, which is passing  bipartisan immigration reform as a demand for solving these other  problems.   Right now, the major problem we need to address is the humanitarian  crisis fallout from what is happening. We can't prolong the suffering  caused by the border crisis while our Democratic colleagues try to  build support for a massive immigration reform bill that many of them  seem to have zero interest in, because if they had interest, I assume  they would be rolling up their sleeves and doing the hard work, doing  more than just talking about it.   For example, in the Senate, the Democratic chairman of the Judiciary  Committee has jurisdiction to mark up and presumably pass with some  combination of Republican and Democratic votes a bill to address the  crisis that I mention. The Democratic majority leader has the authority  to bring a bill to the floor, to open it to amendments so that all  Senators can participate to try to find out if there is some path  forward and some consensus. But in the 2 years our Democratic  colleagues controlled all three branches of government, they did zero  about it.   That means that the young adults who are in a box because of deferred  action on childhood arrivals--this is an illegal scheme that President  Obama did unilaterally 10 years ago which has been tied up in  litigation ever since and is likely to be held illegal by a court of  last resort here very soon.   So trying to address that, trying to address the drug crisis, trying  to protect these 300,000 children--all of that is being held hostage  for our Democratic colleagues to pursue an unattainable goal given the  current political environment.   Migrant children are being abused within our own borders. Drugs kill  about 109,000 Americans a year. We cannot leverage these lives for  unrelated and unattainable measures.   There is nothing safe, orderly, or humane about the Biden  administration's response to the border crisis, and until something  changes, more people will continue to suffer and die.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   