 Mr. President, I rise today in support of my friend from  Alaska in a plea to sanity and common sense in this body.   We are 3 days away from an impending government shutdown. I believe a  shutdown is likely because I believe President Biden and Senator  Schumer want a shutdown. I think they believe it benefits them  politically to force a shutdown. Whether I am right or wrong on that,  everyone acknowledges there is a very significant risk of a shutdown 72  hours from now.   As it stands right now, if we have that government shutdown 72 hours  from now, our service men and women will still go to work. Our military  will still show up. Even with a shutdown, the military has to do its  job and keep this Nation safe. But what will happen is their paychecks  will go away.   Last week, Senator Sullivan and I both came to the Senate floor  seeking to pass my legislation, the Pay Our Coast Guard Act. That  legislation is bipartisan. I am the ranking member on the Senate  Commerce Committee. It was authored by me and cosponsored by Maria  Cantwell, the chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee. It was also  cosponsored by Senator Sullivan and Senator Tammy Baldwin, the chairman  and ranking member of the Coast Guard Subcommittee.   The reason my legislation, last week, was introduced is the last time  we had a shutdown in 2019--the Schumer shutdown--the government was  shut down for 34 days, and soldiers and sailors and airmen and marines  were paid because the Department of Defense appropriations had been  passed. But coastguardsmen were not because they are not under DOD;  they are under the Department of Homeland Security.    So for 34 days, heroic coastguardsmen guarded our coasts, saved  people off the coast of Texas, were there when people needed them in  times of disaster, and yet they didn't get a paycheck. That was wrong.   In 2019, Senator Sullivan and I came to the Senate floor then and  tried to pass a bill to pay our coastguardsmen in the middle of the  Schumer shutdown, and the Democrats objected. Democrat leadership said:  No, we will not pay our coastguardsmen.   Well, last week, I tried to say: We have bipartisan legislation.  Let's do it right. Let's not hurt brave young men and women who are  protecting this country.   Unfortunately, Democrat leadership stood up and uttered two words: I  object. In fact, the Senator from Washington had an argument that I  found thoroughly curious. She said: Well, this bill that Cruz and  Sullivan are trying to pass--it wouldn't technically mandate that  coastguardsmen be paid because what the bill provided is they should be  paid if soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines are paid. So it argued  we should treat the military evenly and fairly and not discriminate  against the Coast Guard. She said: That is the reason I am objecting-- because it doesn't mandate that it happen.   Well, you know what, what the Senator from Washington asked for is  what we are right here now doing. This bill does what she said last  week was the reason she was objecting. That is what this bill does.   Ten years ago, this bill passed the Senate 100 to 0. The Presiding  Officer and I were both in the Senate. That means the Presiding Officer  voted for it, and I voted for it. That means the Senator from  Washington voted for it. It means the House passed it unanimously. But  in the decade that has passed, I guess common sense has gone out the  window.   So I want to say something right now to every soldier, every sailor,  every airman, every marine, every coastguardsman, every member of the  Space Force. If you are a 19-year-old private or corporal stationed at  Fort Bliss right now, next week, there is a very good chance your  paycheck is going away. We are going to find out in just a few moments  whether or not your paycheck is going away.   And just listen very carefully for two words. If we hear two words  from the Senator from Washington, the words ``I object,'' those two  words uttered on behalf of Democrat leadership will kill this bill.   When your paycheck goes away next week, understand you would have  been paid except for the fact that Democrat leadership decided it is in  their political interest to hold that 19-year-old hostage. Never mind  that you can't pay for groceries for your wife and kid that week. Never  mind that you can't pay your rent, you can't pay your bills. Never  mind--a marine who is stationed in harm's way--that your paycheck is  going to go away. Why? Because partisanship is so rife in this town  that the Democrat leadership believes they can hold these young  fighting men and women hostage and pay no political price.   I hope the Senator from Washington listens to what I have said and  what the Senator from Alaska has said and decides, you know, it is not  right to hold these brave men and women hostage, and we are not going  to do it. I hope Democrat leadership puts principle above partisan  politics, but we are about to find out.    Mr. President, I am very frequently in complete agreement  with my friend and colleague from Alaska. I do disagree with two words  he just said. He said this was good, old-fashioned hostage-taking.  There is nothing old-fashioned about this. This is brand new. Even the  Democrats, as partisan as they have been, they haven't done this  before. Ten years ago, every Democrat--even the most leftwing  Democrat--agreed we should pay our service men and women. This hostage- taking is brand new. You want to see the face of vicious partisanship  in Washington? You just did.   Now, I will point out also two things that are blazingly obvious. No.  1, last week, when the Senator from Washington objected to my  legislation to pay our Coast Guard, to treat our coastguardsmen the  same as other Active-Duty military, she stood up and gave a speech in  which she said she supported that goal but the bill I introduced didn't  mandate that it happen; it only said they had to be treated with  parity, and that is why she objected. So Senator Sullivan and I came  and introduced the bill she asked for that mandated that all of the  military be paid.   She didn't explain her change of position, but what she did  implicitly is say that every word she said last week was not true, that  the reason she gave for objecting to my bill apparently was not the  reason she was objecting to the bill because she just objected right  here.   I have to say--listen--every Member of this body, every Democrat,  when you go home to your State, when you meet with Active-Duty  military, when you meet with the veterans, I guarantee you every Member  of this body said: I support the troops.   Well, as long as Democrat leadership keeps doing what they just did,  it ain't true that you support the troops.   I want to point out right now, there are some Democrats who might try  to hide behind the skirts of their leadership and say: We didn't  object.   There are no Democrats on this floor. Nobody is here with us. The  Senator from Washington didn't even bother to stay and participate in  the debate. That is how little she is interested in the merits of this  issue. What she said--and I want you to hear the argument she gave. She  said, now, the new reason she is objecting is she says she wants  everyone to be paid, and if everyone can't be paid, then nobody will be  paid.   Understand, she is telling the young marine stationed just a mile  from North Korea, facing machine guns, that it is the position of  Senate Democrats that they care more about paying IRS agents and EPA  regulators and bureaucrats than they do about that young marine. Right  now, there is a sailor in a nuclear submarine a mile underwater who may  not even know it, but her paycheck is likely to disappear in 3 days.  And Senate Democrats have said there is no difference.   You know what, the military is often referred to as the 1 percent.  There is a difference--the men and women who put on the uniform and  take the oath and defend this Nation. And my hope is that somewhere in  the Democratic Party, saner voices will prevail.   I get there is an attraction to ``We have a partisan fight.'' I get  that Democrats want to try to stick it to Republicans. But don't  scapegoat the military in the process.   I want to speak for the moment to the press. Part of the reason the  Democrats are objecting is they are confident CNN will not report on  this. They are confident MSNBC will not say a word about this. They are  confident, if you turn on the nightly news, NBC, ABC, CBS will not say  a word. And they believe that come Monday, when that young soldier,  sailor, airman, marine--his or her paycheck disappears, they believe  that they will never know it was the Democrats who blocked their  paycheck, who objected to it. Well, it is up to the media to decide are  they actually journalists, are they going to report on what happened.   If we end up having a shutdown, I can promise you, Senator Sullivan  and I will be back. We will be on this floor, and we will see just how  many times the Democrats want to object to paying our Active-Duty  military.   Mind you, they have to work. They will show up at work regardless.  But maybe it is the position of today's Democratic Party that you can  show up and work and defend this Nation and keep us safe but Democrats  aren't going to pay you. That is really sad. It is unfortunate.   I see my friend the Senator from Virginia has come in on another  matter. I hope voices like his will say to his leadership: This is  dumb. Don't hold our soldiers and sailors and airmen and marines and  coastguardsmen hostage over a political fight in Washington. If  politicians can't get their act together by September 30, don't punish  the Active-Duty military.   I know the Senator from Virginia cares about those Active-Duty  military. It is, right now, his party that is blocking their paychecks.   So my hope is that saner voices prevail in the Democratic Party. I  hope we can come back here and do this exact same thing with one minor  alteration--that next time we eliminate those two words: ``I object.''   And once the Democrats decide no longer to say the words ``I  object,'' this bill will pass, the House will pass it, and our fighting  men and women will get the paychecks they have earned--they have  earned--with courage and blood. We owe it to them. This body needs to  do the right thing.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S4705]]    