 Madam President, I come here this evening because I have  got a problem, and the problem is the IRS. It has a bad track record.  They often fail to be good stewards of taxpayer money and to protect  highly sensitive information as well. They don't do a good job at that.   Despite this, Congress and President Biden recently gave the IRS $80  billion in new funding--$80 billion--most of which we had to borrow,  probably.   Last week, the IRS released a 150-page document outlining how it will  spend $80 billion in new funding. The report is very vague about how  that will be done. ``Enforcement activities''--I would love more  specifics.   The IRS has a history of being weaponized against conservative  organizations and for hassling hard-working taxpayers and small  business owners with audits. I don't know that the wealthy are going to  be held to account. They have got their lawyers, and they fight this  stuff off routinely. I am worried that it is going to hit middle  America. With this huge funding boost, these problems, I think, will  only grow.   It is unacceptable to treat American taxpayers this way. The IRS does  not need more power. It needs to be reformed to ensure that it serves  the best interests of all Americans.   I have got a solution: Simplify, don't amplify, the IRS. And let's  just put ``act'' right after that.   Last Congress, I introduced a bill with several IRS reforms to hold  the Agency accountable and protect taxpayers. The Simplify, Don't  Amplify the IRS Act would stop the Biden administration from continuing  to grow the power of the IRS.   This bill would stop attempts to target Americans and small  businesses by snooping in their bank accounts, credit union accounts,  Venmo, PayPal, and Cash App.   The bill would also repeal the Democrat ban on cutting State taxes,  hold IRS employees accountable when they release private taxpayer  information, and ensure that the IRS spends its time helping taxpayers  rather than on unofficial union activity.   We can debate how much money the IRS needs to do its job, but we also  need commonsense policies like the Simplify, Don't Amplify the IRS Act.  This bill would immediately add value to the American taxpayer and help  restore faith to a dysfunctional government Agency that affects every  American.   Therefore, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Finance be discharged from further consideration of S. 1101 and that  the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask that  the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.   