 Mr. Speaker, let me first thank my colleague from Puerto  Rico, as well as the chairman and the ranking member for their support,  their partnership, and their leadership in helping facilitate this bill  in its journey to the House floor today. I thank them all for  eloquently articulating the reasons why I am such a strong supporter of  this legislation and why I decided to introduce it with a broad  coalition of lawmakers.   I would be remiss if I didn't also say a word of gratitude to  Representative Debbie Lesko, who has been my partner on this bill, as  well as Senators Baldwin, Blackburn, and Bennet who are leading the  bicameral legislation in the Senate, the companion bill.   This bill, as you have heard, Mr. Speaker, is a simple bill but a  profoundly important bill. It is bipartisan, and it is bicameral.   Now, by way of background, and as the chairman articulated, I was  proud to work on legislation in the 116th Congress that authorized the  construction of the Women's Suffrage National Monument on Federal lands  here in Washington, D.C.   We secured the first outdoor statue in honor of the brave women  behind the women's suffrage movement, a monument that will honor the  contributions made by a diverse group of women in the fight for women's  suffrage.   This bipartisan legislation passed both chambers and was signed into  law. This effort, Mr. Speaker, has been locally led from the start,  driven by constituents in my Congressional District back home in  Colorado, and in my view, a prime example of what we can accomplish  when we display and demonstrate Colorado's ingenuity and passion and  put it to good work.   In the years since, the sponsors of the monument have been hard at  work to determine the best location for it to be placed within  Washington, D.C.   As the chairman stated, the decision was that women's history  deserves to have a place on our National Mall.   Right now, as the chairman articulated, of the 40 monuments on The  National Mall, there are none dedicated and committed to women's  history.   This proposed placement has broad support, including from all of our  Nation's living First Ladies who serve as honorary chairs of the  Women's Suffrage National Monument Foundation.   Placing a monument, as you know, Mr. Speaker, specifically on our  National Mall, does require an additional act of Congress, which is the  legislation before us today.   This legislation simply allows the monument to be placed on the  Reserve area of The National Mall. As the chairman articulated, it will  be privately funded. It will not cost the Federal Government a dime.    I might just add on a more personal note, I, like many of my  colleagues, am a father. I have a 5-year-old daughter and a 5-month-old  son.   My daughter, Natalie, had her first trip to Washington, D.C., when  she was  [[Page H5420]]  just a few months old. She joined me here on the floor in January of  2019 when I was sworn into office here for the first time.   I simply cannot wait for her to one day be able to come to  Washington, D.C., and to see women's history reflected in the monuments  and the memorials that are at the core of our Nation's Capital--not  just her, but of course, all children, all Americans to be able to come  and see that firsthand. This bill is an important step to doing just  that.   I am hopeful that we will earn the support of our colleagues across  both sides of the aisle. I think this bill is an important step in  making our National Mall representative of American history, honoring  the legacy of the women who fought for their rights all these years  ago.   I would urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   