 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, our Nation's critical  infrastructure and cybersecurity are increasingly under attack by  malicious actors who seek to extort and do harm to the American people.   Hospitals, financial institutions, utilities, and government agencies  are all popular targets, but cyberattacks are now targeting the next  generation of Americans, K-12 students.   While the total number of cyberattacks on K-12 schools is unknown,  recent reports have indicated that ransomware attacks on K-12 schools  increased between 2020 and 2022.   Local and State officials report that loss of learning following a  cyberattack can range from 3 days to 3 weeks, and recovery time can  take anywhere from 2 to 9 months. Officials also reported monetary  losses to school districts ranging from $50,000 to $1 million due to  expenses from a cyber incident.   Cyberattacks often result in the disclosure and theft of students'  personal information. In a 2020 report, the GAO found that such  information compromised included students grades, their Social Security  numbers, and medical information.   In December 2021, a vendor for Chicago Public Schools was a victim of  a ransomware attack in which more than 500,000 students' and staff  members' personal information was disclosed. The data included the  students' names, schools, dates of birth, gender, school identification  numbers, State student identification numbers, and course information  from previous school years. One study found that between 2018 and 2021,  roughly 3 million students were impacted by ransomware attacks.   Parents who entrust their students' information to public  institutions have the right to know when that information is  compromised. We must do the work to ensure these attacks are not  successful and that malicious actors are brought to justice.   Parents need to know when their students' personal information has  been compromised so they can take the necessary steps to protect them.  Transparency is essential to protecting the privacy of students.   We need schools that are both transparent and accountable to parents.  Parents shouldn't be stonewalled when asking for information about  their child's personal records. The FBI should focus on investigating  these cyber incidents and informing parents on the irreparable harm  done to their children's cybersecurity rather than monitoring their  parents' free speech and shutting down parent involvement.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to put parents before politics and  support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.   