 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, we need to have a nationwide conversation  about USDA's Farm Service Agency's staffing levels that have suffered  as a result of COVID-19.   USDA operates over 2,000 FSA county offices around the country. Its  mission is to serve all farmers, ranchers, and ag partners through the  delivery of effective and efficient agricultural programs such as  commodity support programs, farm ownership, operating, and emergency  loans, disaster assistance, and other ad hoc disaster assistance  programs.   One of the FSA's greatest strengths is its grassroots delivery system  of farm programs to the agency's customers, meaning FSA's programs are  delivered through an extensive network of county offices and local FSA  employees.   Producer-elected county committees comprised of farmers in the local  area are responsible for overseeing FSA programs and services delivered  to the farming community.   This local oversight of farm programs enables FSA to maintain close  relationships with farmers and ranchers, address their needs in a  timely manner, preserve and improve the integrity of Federal farm  programs, and provide production agriculture with the tools they need  to produce the world's best ag products.   Unfortunately, the FSA county office footprint has been impacted by  employee retirements and USDA's inability to attract high-level talent  and onboard new employees.   Producers in my district continue to raise the lack of FSA staff as  one of the main reasons for program delivery delays.   Sadly, the COVID-19 pandemic made a bad situation worse at FSA, but  the pandemic is over, and we must continue bringing our Federal, State,  and local workforces back into the office and refill positions that  were lost during the pandemic.   This also means putting an effective end to any offices that may  still be operating on a closed or hybrid schedule related to COVID-19.   We cannot afford to have the FSA understaffed or teleworking, and  thus unable to provide the expected level of customer service needed on  the farm.   This is a disservice to farmers and producers everywhere. It is long  past time we had a conversation about why we can't get farmers and  ranchers the basic help they need.   I hear from farmers and ranchers all the time about how they still  have problems contacting their local FSA offices and how they never  receive a response, even after multiple inquiries.   That is not farm service. This amendment finally ends the COVID-19  pandemic in FSA offices, but it also highlights the need for the  Department of Agriculture to focus on maintaining FSA's county office  footprint and delivering farm programs.   I call on my colleagues to support my amendment in returning our FSA  county agents to work and urge the Secretary of Agriculture to take  action by adequately staffing FSA county offices.   I thank the chairman, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I am glad to hear the ranking member  actually agrees with me. We can say that this is actually a good  amendment because it contains language that sounds like he actually  supports.   Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment and I yield back the  balance of my time.   