 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Boston is perhaps a surprising place to  begin a tribute to Indiana's veterans on the occasion of Memorial Day,  but there, on Augustus Saint-Gaudens' magnificent memorial to the 54th  Massachusetts Regiment, their names are etched.   Maybe the coast of South Carolina is no less unexpected a place to  continue that tribute, but there, on the shore, they fell, the men who  helped save our Union, who forever ended its greatest scourge, who  fought for the Declaration of Independence, though they had been denied  the unalienable rights it promised.   Seldom have American soldiers taken up arms and laid down their lives  with such selflessness and yet so much at stake. Many Hoosiers were  among their ranks. Their names should be known, their stories told. As  Proverbs 10:7 says, ``the memory of the just is blessed.''   Abraham Lincoln described the Emancipation Proclamation as ``an act  of Justice.'' One of the greatest instruments of that justice was  embedded at the end of the document. It read ``that such persons of  suitable condition will be received into the armed service of the  United States.'' ``Such persons'' were Black Americans.   Lincoln's words spread far and fast and wide. In my capital city of  Indianapolis, Pastor Willis Revels petitioned Governor Oliver Morton to  raise a fighting force, and when the request was denied, rebels  encouraged Hoosiers to join the first all-Black regiment forming near  Boston.   Unable to fulfill its recruitment goals at home, the Massachusetts  54th Infantry sought and welcomed volunteers from across the Union, and  Hoosiers answered the call. There were men--men like George Broady,  George Charles, Alfred Lewis, George McGowan. They came from across the  great State of Indiana, from places like Newport, Richmond, Louisville,  and Centerville. They were farmers, blacksmiths, barbers, laborers,  and, soon enough, they were soldiers for the Republic.   There was no doubt of that when the 54th appeared on the dunes of  Morris Island, before the twilight on July 18, 1863. They were in South  Carolina to take Battery Wagner, a seemingly insurmountable obstacle  between the Union Army and the port of Charleston.   When the 54th had marched to within 300 yards of the fort, shots  streaked overhead. They were ordered to the ground until the fire had  passed. Then they rose. They charged forward, through sand and marshy  water, as the sun sank in the western sky.   As they reached the fort, Battery Wagner exploded with fire. The 54th  was razed, ``like grass before the mower's scythe,'' one Hoosier  survivor wrote afterward.   In the end, the regiment lost nearly 300 men that night--over 40  percent of its ranks. Fort Wagner remained in Confederate hands. Among  the dead were Hoosiers Thomas Ampey and John Wilson.   They didn't simply fall for a good cause. Their bravery at Battery  Wagner turned a tide. You see, it shattered prejudices about the  supposed inferiority of Black soldiers and debunked foolish notions  about their ability or willingness to fight.  [[Page S1718]]    Indeed, inspired by their example, additional Black regiments formed  across the North. And by the end of 1863, Indiana had authorized the  formation of the 28th U.S. Colored Troops.   Old Willis Revels, he was at work recruiting Hoosiers to fill its  ranks. ``Your country calls you,'' he declared--``your country.''   Initially, over 500 men enrolled, forming 6 companies. The gallant  28th fought during the siege of Petersburg in Virginia. Its men fell at  the Battle of the Crater.   When the Union Army marched into the fallen Confederate capital of  Richmond, in the spring of 1865, the 28th was there. They helped bring  the rebellion to its knees and slavery to its end.   And they were present in Galveston, TX, too, when General Order No. 3  was issued on June 19, 1865, ending legalized slavery, an event we now  celebrate as Juneteenth.   Over 1,500 Black Hoosiers served in the Civil War in the  Massachusetts 54th and 55th, the Indiana 28th, and across the Union  Army. As President Lincoln acknowledged, the bravery of Black soldiers  from Indiana and across the Union helped preserve the Union.   Offering an appropriate tribute to the fallen on Memorial Day can be  a very difficult task. How can we, after all, express sufficient thanks  to those who died for us?   To paraphrase President Lincoln, ``the world will little note, nor  long remember what we say here,'' but it will never forget the  sacrifice of the men who fought in the 54th Massachusetts or the 28th  Indiana.   It took great courage for these Black Americans to believe in the  goodness of this country, its people, and the promise of its founding.  The reason we build monuments and memorials to those fighting dead is  so their examples live, so that we might draw inspiration from these  heroes who did incredible things and fought for a more perfect Union  and a world at peace.   So I close where I began, in Boston, because there, on the memorial  to the 54th, the names of fallen Hoosiers Thomas Anthony and Elisha  Burkett can be found. Their legacy lives on.   We remember these men and all who paid the ultimate price for our  freedom on this Memorial Day.   I yield the floor.   