 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 1, the Lower  Energy Costs Act.   The American people deserve reliable, secure, and affordable energy  to power our homes and businesses, fuel our vehicles, and sustain our  way of life.   In this country we are blessed with an abundance of clean and  affordable energy resources capable of meeting our energy needs for  many generations to come.   Today, we have an opportunity to end our reliance on bad actors,  lower prices for families hurting under sky-high inflation, and finally  unleashing American energy dominance.   H.R. 1 is about ensuring a secure energy future for America.   Just recently, PJM Interconnection, one of the Nation's largest grid  operators, released an alarming report about the long-term reliability  of America's power grid.   The report shows that America's growing power demand, coupled with  the retirement of existing power generation, far outweighs renewable  sources' capacity to keep up.   Simply put, the Biden administration's rush to green is putting us on  a dangerous collision course toward power outages and energy  insecurity.   To see the consequences of the rush to green, just take a look at the  energy crisis that unfolded when much of Europe shut off nuclear and  fossil fuel power generation without a means to meet their power needs.   We cannot allow ourselves to fall victim to the same fate.   H.R. 1 embraces the abundant resources at our disposal and rejects  the false notion that a cleaner environment can only be achieved at the  peril of the United States' energy security and independence.   This commonsense bill reforms the outdated permitting process,  increases domestic energy production, and repeals President Biden's  disastrous natural gas tax.   Mr. Chair, when the American people flip on the light switch, they  should have confidence that the lights will actually come on.   I am proud to join my colleagues in delivering on our commitment to  America by restoring American energy dominance.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting America's  energy future with the passage of H.R. 1.   