 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment, which  states: ``None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to  fund any grant related to any transgenic edible vaccine.''   Madam Chair, does the term transgenic edible vaccine sound like  something out of a science fiction dystopian novel? Does the term  transgenic edible vaccine sound like something out of a horror film?  Well, it is not.   It is the scientific term that is used for research that we are  funding with U.S. taxpayer dollars. This concept that we would inject  RNA or DNA into our food supply, that we would encourage plants to grow  vaccines within them, and that we would then encourage animals or  people to consume these vaccines by consuming the food. Yes, we are  funding this, but we should not, and there are several reasons that we  should not be funding this.   One is, you can't control where the pollen goes from a plant. Many of  these experiments happen outside of a greenhouse, outside of controlled  facilities. In fact, we saw an incident where a transgenic edible  vaccine was being grown in corn many years ago. What happened the next  year when they grew soybeans on the same plot where this transgenic  edible vaccine was grown?   By the way, this vaccine was for pigs. It was to keep them from  getting diarrhea. It was never meant for humans. The next year they  grew soybeans on that same plot of land, and some of the corn sprouted  on its own and was mixed with these soybeans. Five hundred bushels of  soybeans were harvested that had to be destroyed because they were  commingled. This transgenic edible vaccine that was meant for pigs was  commingled with soybeans that could have gone into human food  consumption.   The offending researchers had to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars  in fines. However, do we know if we caught all of the instances of  these escapes of this pollen? In fact, this happened not just once, but  it happened again and in a different way. The pollen wafted over to a  different field, and it pollinated corn in a different field. Over 150  acres of corn had to be destroyed in that instance because they were  experimenting with transgenic edible vaccines. In that case, those  vaccines were meant for animals.   Here recently, however, we have been funding transgenic plant  vaccines, edible plant vaccines for human research at University of  California, Riverside. They are right now trying to grow spinach and  lettuce with the idea that humans would then consume this at a salad  bar or something.   How do you know the dosage? What does it mean to have informed  consent when you don't know what is in your food? What does it mean to  have informed consent when you don't know when you are being served  medication for dinner?   This is such a ridiculous concept that we shouldn't even have to  debate it, but here we are. We funded it through the National  Institutes of Health, the USDA, and NSF.   I will close by saying this: I offered this amendment on the  Agriculture appropriations bill to prevent the USDA from funding this  type of research. I am offering it on this appropriations bill to  prevent it being funded in this appropriations bill, as well.   This amendment passed by a voice vote on the Agriculture  appropriations bill. I hope that we will see the wisdom in this  amendment today and pass this also with unanimous support.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment which  essentially prohibits funds from being made available to conduct or  support gain-of-function research.   Section 533 of the underlying bill says that none of the funds in the  bill can be used for gain-of-function research in China or Cuba or  North Korea or Russia. The problem is that it doesn't prohibit this  dangerous type of research anywhere else in the world.   Why should we be funding it in France or Great Britain? In fact, why  should we be funding it here? I will argue later that we shouldn't,  that the risks far outweigh the benefits and that we should have  learned our lesson.  [[Page H5833]]    Madam Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from Iowa  (Mrs. Miller-Meeks).    Madam Chair, I think it would be useful at this point to  define gain-of-function research. I will use the written testimony of  Richard Ebright, Board of Governors Professor of Chemistry and Chemical  Biology at Rutgers University and laboratory director of Waksman  Institute of Microbiology.   In his testimony in a Senate hearing, he said that gain-of-function  research is defined as ``research activities reasonably anticipated to  increase a potential pandemic pathogen's transmissibility,  pathogenesis, ability to overcome immune response, or ability to  overcome a vaccine or drug.''   Why would you want to do this? Why would you want to do gain-of- function research? It is a seductive idea that you can take one of  hundreds of thousands of viruses that exist in the animal kingdom  outside of humans and try to predict, poke and prod on the virus,  encourage it to be transmissible among humans so that you could then  predict the next virus that might come into existence among humans, and  then come up with a vaccine for it.   Statistically, there is no way you are going to predict what the next  natural virus is going to be. What you will do, though, in the process  of this research is create a cookbook, a blueprint for the next  pandemic.   Part of the danger in this research lies in the fact that you are  uncovering secrets that will then be published and that can be used to  create a pandemic of existential proportions.   It creates new health threats, health threats through 10,000 years of  evolution that may never come into existence but in 10 days of research  could come into existence in a lab, threats that don't exist in nature.   Why are we still doing this research right now? In 2014, this  research was put on pause, from 2014 to 2017--wisely, I would say. The  pause was suspended in 2018.   By the way, the projects that were paused did not include the  projects at the Wuhan Institute of Virology, unfortunately.   When the pause was removed, this research began again in earnest,  creating tremendous risk for the human race.   Why would we do this to ourselves? We shouldn't be doing this to  ourselves, and we shouldn't be doing it with taxpayer dollars.   There is no practical application of this outside of the curiosity of  a government lab. This research will not continue in private labs  because it is just not profitable. We should stop it here.   Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment. I think it is common  sense. Let's protect America by not funding this research.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   