 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, Americans  have a constitutional right to own a firearm. Every day people across  Wyoming responsibly use their Second Amendment rights to keep and to  bear arms. Today is about defending those rights against those on the  other side of the aisle who wish to take them away from us.   Democrats are demanding that the American people give up their  liberty. The Democrat legislation takes away a right, and it does not  provide Americans security. Democrats want Washington to ban rifles and  pistols because of the way they look. To do this, they describe  semiautomatic rifles as assault rifles. They aren't. Any farmer,  rancher, or outdoorsman in Wyoming can tell you. These rifles work the  same way as popular shotguns and other rifles used for hunting and for  personal protection. Instead of facing these facts, Democrats stick to  demonizing rifles and disrespecting gun owners.   Democrat's ban on assault weapons is an assault on lawful gun owners.  There is a contradiction at the center of the gun control debate.  Democrats want to enact new laws on law-abiding citizens. At the same  time, they ignore the lawbreakers. Almost every single page of the bill  that is in front of us today adds new restrictions and new burdens on  people who follow the law. It tells what you can buy, what you can't  buy. It bans more than 205 rifles, shotguns, and pistols by name.   Republicans reject these unjustified and unconstitutional  restrictions. Democrat's bumper-sticker solution to ban guns is not  about safety; it is about restricting lawful gun ownership. It is about  trying to label responsible gun owners as criminals. Democrats are the  party of defunding the police and disarming the American people.   None of this makes our streets safer. None of this slows the  crimewave in America. None of this solves the mental health crisis in  our country. The focus should be on mental health, on school safety,  and stricter enforcement of current laws. We want Americans to be safe  in their communities, their homes, and their schools.   The legislation that the majority leader is proposing that is before  us today goes way beyond that. I oppose any policies that jeopardize  the Second Amendment rights of the people of Wyoming and people across  this country. The Second Amendment is freedom's essential safeguard.  Without it, there can be no liberty, and there can be no security.   So, Mr. President, I object.    Madam President, I rise today to talk about America's  wide-open southern border. I want to add my voice to that of the senior  Senator from Kansas who just made eloquent remarks right here on the  floor of the Senate about the disaster--the Democratic disaster--at the  southern border.   As he pointed out--and as I will add my voice to his--it is a clear  and present danger to our national security what is happening at the  southern border. And national security starts with border security.   The senior Senator from Kansas and I were just meeting with other  Republican Members of the Senate to review yesterday's numbers at the  southern border--the number of illegal immigrants coming into this  country--an all-time record high of over 12,000 illegal immigrants  coming into this country from all over the world.   That is the crisis that people all across the country who tune in to  their TV see is happening in our Nation and to our Nation.   So here we are on the floor of the Senate, and Senator Schumer, the  majority leader, wants to vote on $100 billion in national security  assistance--and he wants to do it today, and we are going to do it  today.   That request lacks serious and significant changes that are needed to  secure the southern border. Without serious and significant changes,  this bill  [[Page S5784]]  will not pass. Mark my words, Republicans will vote against it.   Republicans and Democrats have very opposing views of what is needed  at the border. Republicans want to stop the flow--and it is actually a  flood--of illegal immigrants coming across the border. Democrats want  to just wave them on through.   Republicans want border enforcement, border security, real policy  changes to keep people out and to keep communities safe. We don't have  that today in Democratic and Joe Biden's-run America from the  standpoint of the White House and the Democrats in this body.   What do Democrats want to do? Oh, they want lots of money for  sanctuary cities, big slush funds. Give it to the mayor of Chicago.  Give to it the mayor of New York. And, of course, they want guaranteed  benefits for illegal immigrants. That is what they are asking for. They  are not going to get a Republican vote for that at all, not a single  one.   Republicans know that border security must be a key element of any  bill that we talk about on this floor that deals with national  security.   For my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who may ask why, let  me clarify.   Our southern border is now the most dangerous border crossing in the  world--in the world. Under President Biden, our border has become a  magnet for criminals, for drug dealers, for terror suspects.   The Department of Homeland Security and the FBI are warning all of  us. Democrats may want to cover their ears and not want to hear any of  these warnings, but we are being warned by the Department of Homeland  Security and the FBI. And the FBI Director said it yesterday in the  Senate: Cartels are smuggling fentanyl in from Mexico. It is killing  hundreds of Americans every day.   The number coming on the Terrorist Watchlist continues to increase. I  think it was the head of the FBI yesterday who said: Since October 7,  all lights are flashing red for a terrorist attack in America.   Joe Biden's border policies are the deadliest, the most destructive,  and the most disastrous in American history. The cost of this crisis is  too large to bear for families, for communities, and even for law  enforcement.   That is why Republicans are so focused when there was a bill on the  floor--and we had a secure briefing yesterday on national security.  That is why Republicans are so focused on border security.   Democrats have not put a single bill on the floor of the U.S. Senate  this year that would stop the flood of illegal immigrants. Democrats  seem to welcome this national security crisis at the southern border.  It is wrong. It must change.   The Biden administration hides behind terms, terms such as ``asylum''  and ``parole.'' And they use those to release millions and millions of  people onto our streets, into our communities, into our neighborhoods.  And they are bringing with them drugs and crime. And they are killing  Americans. The Biden administration wants to turn the other way.   Every single American feels the harmful impacts of these policies.  Here is what is happening thousands of times each and every day on our  southern border--and yesterday it was 12,000, the highest in the  history of the country, coming in across the southern border. And they  are coming from all over the world.   The night I was there on border patrol about 3 or 4 weeks ago, who  did we see? People from all around the world, including a group from  Moldova. Do you know how many countries they had to go through before  they could get to Mexico to come to the United States and pay the  cartels to bring them in? That is what we are seeing every day at the  southern border.   Democrats don't go down there. Oh, no, they are not interested in  actually seeing firsthand what is happening on the Rio Grande River at  night and during the day. Not interested.   Border Patrol agents say, Democrats never show up. Not one time.   So individuals enter the U.S. illegally. And they immediately turn  themselves into Border Patrol. These are the ones who aren't trying to  get away. There is over a million of those too. And what they do when  they give themselves up, they claim they are in danger at home.   And then what happens? Well, they are released into the streets of  the United States. OK. Oh, you may be in danger. Oh, you got the magic  words. OK. Here you go. Come right on in. Ten thousand times a day.  Twelve thousand times yesterday. And Joe Biden allows it to happen. And  the Democrats encourage him.   Some Democrats have finally started to admit Biden's policies are  actually harming our country. So President Obama's Homeland Security  Secretary Jeh Johnson told fellow Democrats that the manipulation of  our asylum laws--because that is what Biden is doing, it is a  manipulation of our asylum laws--is one of the root causes of illegal  immigration.   At one time, Jeh Johnson said a thousand a day would be overwhelming.  Well, it was 12,000 yesterday. Why aren't the Democrats waking up?   Senator Schumer, who sits at that desk right there, stands at that  podium, and will later today--his hometown mayor--hometown mayor--New  York City, Eric Adams said: The flood of illegal immigrants is  destroying New York City. Destruction of New York City, and Democrats  stand by.   Now, they do want to give a lot of money there, but they sure don't  want to enforce the law at the border.   Chicago is another one of these cities that--Democrats are fearful of  having next summer's Democratic National Convention in Chicago. I  wonder how many Members of this body are actually going to go, because  Democrats across the country are afraid of doing it because Chicago is  being overrun right now with illegal immigrants--overrun and  overwhelmed.   We want to make our country safer, and Republicans do. I am not so  sure about Democrats at this point from the way they are behaving with  regard to the border. We want to make our country safer. We need to  pass serious border security policy changes. Republicans know that we  must end the incentives that are fueling the Biden border crisis.   And more money to these sanctuary cities and more government benefits  to illegal immigrants is not solving the problem. It is inviting more  illegal immigrants to come.   This is a deadly serious situation. I am not so sure the Democrats  who were at the secure briefing yesterday all understood that. I am not  sure the Senate majority leader understands that.   Real border security is a top national security need. Republicans  have solutions to make our communities and our countries safer. These  measures must be included in any national security bill, anything that  goes to the President's desk, because without them, there will not be a  national security bill.   The Republicans are ready to vote against what Chuck Schumer is  bringing to the floor because it fails to defend our borders and to  keep our Nation secure.   I yield the floor.   