 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution  529.  [[Page H3084]]    Let's be very clear. The issue that is happening at our southern  border--not the name-calling or talking about former President Trump-- what is happening at our southern border today and for the last 2 years  under President Biden has been a dereliction of duty with respect to  immigration law in the United States.   If the other side wants to speak to the actual issues at hand, it is  the fact that the asylum provisions under Joe Biden are a  bastardization of asylum procedure as set forth in Federal law by  Congress.   Mr. Speaker, Congress never anticipated that you would have 6  million-plus people come through the asylum process in 2 years.  Congress never contemplated that you would have an asylum procedure  where you would have people on a 7- to 10-year waitlist to actually go  through an asylum procedure.   The President knows this is the case, and it is being done on  purpose.   That is a congressional purview, and it actually is a dereliction of  his duty to faithfully execute the laws of the United States.   So if the minority party wants to ask about why we are here, it is  that. It is my belief and the belief of many Members on our side of the  aisle that this resolution should go to the Homeland Security Committee  so they can fully debate and go through the depths of which Joe Biden  has been derelict in his duty to execute the laws with respect to  immigration in the United States which has major impacts on the  American people.   There are 100,000 Americans who have died from fentanyl overdoses  because of his dereliction of duty. We have the drug cartels on our  southern border who have operational control of the southern border  because of his dereliction of duty.   If the President and congressional Democrats actually took the time  to investigate this--like going to the southern border--then they would  know this, too.   Mr. Speaker, I support this resolution, and Members should be in  support of it, as well.   