 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend very much for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Ms. Shontel Brown, for leading  this effort. I also thank my dear friends and colleagues,  Representative Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick and Representative Jonathan  Jackson for leading this Special Order hour on such an important and  timely issue, one that impacts our community more than almost any other  health matter.   Today, we are here to talk about a pressing matter, one that requires  our collective efforts--National Diabetes Month.   Diabetes, an epidemic gripping the United States, resonates with me  personally. According to the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention, over 34 million Americans face the consequences of  diabetes, and Louisiana is not exempt from the staggering reality.   In Louisiana alone, approximately 500,000 residents have been  diagnosed with diabetes. Shockingly, an additional 113,000 individuals  are unaware of their condition, heightening their high risks. Moreover,  a significant portion of Louisiana's adult population grapples with  prediabetes, teetering on the edge of a diagnosis that could alter  their lives forever.   The burden of diabetes is not just physical, but also economic. Each  year, an estimated 30,000 Louisianians receive a diabetes diagnosis  resulting in a financial toll of $5.7 billion for my State. These costs  encompass not only medical expenses, but also additional complications  that can arise, including heart disease, stroke, amputation, end-stage  kidney disease, blindness, and, tragically, death.   The impact of diabetes disproportionately affects communities of  color. Black Americans are 60 percent more likely than White Americans  to be diagnosed with diabetes and are twice as likely to die from this  dreaded disease. It is abundantly clear that the systemic racism is  intensifying this crisis in the United States. We must ensure that all  Americans have access to quality, affordable healthcare.   In the face of this dire situation, there is hope. Last Congress,  House Democrats passed the Inflation Reduction Act, which caps monthly  insulin costs at $35 for 54,000 Louisianians covered under Medicare. I  was proud to vote for and in support of this life-changing measure that  is cutting costs for the people. This is a crucial step toward  improving lives, preventing diabetes, and ultimately finding a cure.   However, our responsibility does not end here. As a Member of  Congress, it is our duty to raise awareness, support prevention  efforts, and stand united against this threat. Let's use this National  Diabetes Month as a rallying point to spread awareness and make a  meaningful impact on the lives of those affected by diabetes around our  country, not just for Democrats, not for Republicans, but for people,  for humans, for people that breathe the air that we breathe, and for  people that live in the communities that we live.   This is, indeed, a bipartisan issue, one that does not see color,  race, or any other distinction other than a community that desperately  needs our leadership to live, to survive, and to thrive.   