 Mr. Speaker, the sound that America is hearing is their  alarm going off. It is Groundhog Day. I feel like Bill Murray because,  Mr. Speaker, when the alarm goes off every morning, the ranking member  of the House Financial Services Committee is off on a rant about the  former President.   I think it is important that we stay focused on what we are talking  about today. It is a choice between freedom and something far worse.  The American people know why we are on this floor today. We are on the  floor today to support a resolution that denounces socialism.   As a boy attending elementary school in Little Rock, one of my  favorite teachers was a beautiful, young mother who taught us Spanish.  Her kids were the playmates of mine during those early school years.  Her family had moved to Little Rock, escaping the Castro regime in Cuba  that murdered their fellow citizens, took family farms and businesses,  and systematically destroyed one of the most beautiful, successful  countries and places on Earth. For me, an early lesson in the cost of  freedom.   As a businessman in 1986, at the height of the Cold War, I joined a  civil society tour of East Berlin led by the U.S. Army via the famous  Checkpoint Charlie. There one saw the stark and cruel contrast of  freedom versus socialism and communism: vibrant businesses, full  shelves, full employment in the West; and drab, sullen people in the  East staring into empty store windows in buildings still bearing the  bomb and bullet scars of World War II.   Just 3\1/2\ years later, with the fall of the Berlin Wall, I  represented President George H.W. Bush as his Deputy Assistant  Secretary of the Treasury in helping design and deliver U.S. economic  and technical assistance to the citizens of the newly freed countries  from socialism and communism from the Baltic to the Black Sea, creating  a rule of law, markets, private property rights, and new banking  services.   Mr. Speaker, I keep a piece of that Berlin Wall in my House office.  It reminds me of the gruesome fact that the Berlin Wall was built to  keep people in--not the other way around--and keep freedom out.   Today, some three decades later, one can witness the victory of  capitalism and freedom over the authoritarianism and command and  control of socialism.   People of today's Central Europe want no part of communism or  socialism. They know fully the brutality and failure of Soviet-style  authoritarian socialist domination; so much so, they have opened their  homes to Ukrainian mothers and kids. They opened their wallets to  provide Ukrainians money, military, and humanitarian assistance to  expel the invading Russia.   Mr. Speaker, let's say ``no'' to socialism and ``yes'' to freedom and  opportunity.   