 Mr. President, I have been hearing from a lot of  families back home who are frustrated with the economy.   The numbers say it all. Americans are paying the price for failed  Bidenomics. Since Joe Biden became President, prices have increased by  17.38 percent. Necessities continue to cost hard-working American  families hundreds of extra dollars every month. Gasoline is up 42.18  percent. Groceries are up 20.28 percent. Energy prices are up nearly 35  percent. Electricity is up 23.5 percent. Rent is up 18.5 percent.   A CBS News poll recently showed that 76 percent of Americans say  their income is not keeping up with Joe Biden's inflation, 92 percent  of adults have felt the need to reduce their spending, and 76 percent  plan to cut back on nonessential items.   Another report stated that the average American family is spending  $11,400 more each year to pay for the same standard of living they had  when Joe Biden took office. That is several months of pay for an  everyday household.   As anyone with a basic understanding of economics knows, they will  tell you that people on low and fixed incomes are the ones that are  going to be the hardest hit. This inflation is a tax on every  American's standard of living.   President Biden said that ``Bidenomics is just another way [to say]  `the American Dream,' '' and yet the numbers show the American Dream is  now more out of reach than at any time in recent history. Maybe that is  why President Biden has stopped saying ``Bidenomics.''   Before Biden, the average monthly payment for a new home was $1,787.  Today, that number is almost double, $3,322. That makes a new home  unaffordable for many Americans.   This inflation is caused by President Biden's failed policies and  reckless spending. Americans are forced to pay more now because of  inflation and pay more later to address the rising cost of our national  debt.   President Biden has adopted the term ``Bidenomics'' as a way to make  Americans believe that they are better off. Well, it didn't work.   He has falsely claimed to have cut the national debt by $1.7 trillion  when, in fact, the debt has increased by $6 trillion. He has falsely  claimed that prices went down for holiday meals when, in fact, every  single item that he mentioned has increased since he took office.   Once again, the numbers say it all.   An astounding 76 percent of Americans believe the country is headed  in the wrong direction. The President's war on domestic energy  production has caused the price of energy to skyrocket. A wave of  burdensome regulations has cost Americans thousands of dollars per  household and limited their freedom. An avalanche of green energy  spending has added trillions of dollars to the debt without building a  single EV charger.   While Americans have tightened their belts in response to rising  costs, our Federal Government has done the opposite. Federal spending  is up 40 percent in the last 4 years.   The result of these failed policies? The national debt is approaching  $34 trillion. That comes out to about $257,000 per American household.  That is like having a second mortgage on a house for Nebraska families.   And that CBS News poll I talked about earlier also showed that 62  percent of Americans rate the condition of the U.S. economy as bad,  with inflation being the most important reason for the problems facing  our country.   And what do Americans rate as the No. 1 reason for this inflation?  Joe Biden's big government spending, with 56 percent of Americans  saying so.   Our constituents deserve better than to have their pocketbooks  pummeled by Joe Biden's failed policies. Americans know that bringing  the costs of living down and getting our country back on track means  that Washington must reverse course. We need to reject the bloated  omnibus bills and spend less, plain and simple. We need to stop the  political regulations and tax increases that are stifling innovation  and growth in our country. We need to unleash American energy  production and lower energy prices. And we need to secure the border.   In the coming weeks, this body will have the opportunity to do all of  these things. I stand here ready to work with anyone to get these  important priorities accomplished for the people of Nebraska. I will  work every day, all day,  [[Page S5937]]  to get it done, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   