 Mr. Speaker, 25 years ago, I proudly joined many  fellow Chicagoans in Kiryat Gat, Israel, celebrating the 50th jubilee  anniversary of the establishment of the Jewish State in the land of the  Jewish people.   Today, I proudly stand in the well of the House of Representatives  marking the 75th anniversary of that remarkable event.   I am beyond proud that the United States was the first Nation to  recognize the nascent State of Israel in 1948.   In the 3 score and 15 years since, our shared values have been the  bedrock of an extraordinary relationship, strengthening our ties along  cultural, economic, technological, and security lines, and in so many  more ways, as well.   Throughout my life, I have prayed for a just and lasting peace for  Israel and all the people of the region.   I have joyously celebrated each of the peace agreements between  Israel and Egypt, Israel and Jordan, and the Abraham Accords between  the UAE, Bahrain, and Morocco.   I know in my heart that peace can one day be achieved with the  Palestinians with a negotiated two-state solution that would give us a  Jewish democratic Israel and a demilitarized democratic Palestinian  state living side by side in peace, security, and prosperity.   Again, we celebrate with Israel 75 years of independence; 75 years of  partnership; 75 years of scientific and medical research and innovation  that gave us cell phones, Waze directions, the PillCam, and drip  irrigation, revolutionizing agriculture around the world. We celebrate  with Israel 75 years of cultural exchange; 75 years of economic growth  with a start-up nation; 75 years of security cooperation. We celebrate  75 years together of pursuing peace; peace with Egypt in 1979, Jordan  in 1994, and with the Abraham Accords, again, UAE, Bahrain, and  Morocco.   Mr. Speaker, I wish the Israelis and the Israel people, the State of  Israel, congratulations on 75 years, and we all look forward to  building together toward a better future for Israel and the region for  years to come.   