 I thank my colleagues tonight, and I thank Senator  Whitehouse for his work on this.   You know, the question that is facing, I think, all of us and is  troubling Americans is an erosion of confidence in our institutions. We  are seeing that with a lot of erosion of confidence in the legislature,  which is here to serve the interests of the people we all represent. It  is also sometimes with the Executive--huge battles there. And, of  course, January 6 was an indication that the norms that have guided us  throughout our history--that is, the peaceful transfer of power after  the people of this country make a decision about who shall be their  elected leader--have all been challenged.   And now we have the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court has an  incredibly important role in the preservation of our democracy because  it has the capacity to make decisions about legislative actions and  whether what the legislature did fits within the parameters of the  Constitution, and it is an awesome responsibility.   As my colleagues have said, I have an enormous amount of reverence  for the institution of the judiciary, and I have an enormous amount of  reverence for the particular role of the U.S. Supreme Court.   I have immense respect for the individuals who have achieved that  status of being a member of the U.S. Supreme Court. They serve an  important institution. They have a very important job. But they are not  more important, as individuals, than any other American. They are not.  They have more responsibility. They have a special obligation as  Justices of the Supreme Court, but they are not above the law.   This is not exactly about whether there are legal questions involved.  It is about whether they accept the responsibility that goes with  representing an institution that must maintain credibility for the  American people in order to have the people whom they serve respect  their decisions.   We have a situation in the Supreme Court now. Within our judiciary,  we have 850 judges at all different levels. Every single one of those  judges is subject to rules that are designed to try to instill public  confidence. Those rules require those judges to make financial  disclosures. That includes whether they have been the beneficiary of  gifts. There are nine people in this country who are in the judiciary  who don't adhere to those rules, who don't believe it is their burden  to share and disclose with the American people what gifts they have  received, and those are the nine Justices of the U.S. Supreme Court.  That is outrageous.   You know, when I talk to Vermonters about this and I say: Do you  think that a justice of the Vermont Supreme Court or a Justice of the  U.S. Supreme Court should be required to let you know--let the public  know--if they got private jet travel to a location to get on a private  yacht to take a private vacation? They have an obligation to disclose  that.   And Vermonters look at me in dismay and they say: Peter, are you  serious? They can do that?   This is not about disclosure. This is astonishment that somebody in a  position of authority who they know--and every Vermonter knows--is  getting that offer of a free jet travel, who is getting that offer of a  free yacht trip and vacation in the Indonesian islands. It has nothing  to do with who they are as persons. It has to do with who they are  because of their responsibility and role as U.S. Supreme Court  Justices. Vermonters can't believe it.   So this question of gifts and the bare minimum of having to disclose  it, how is it even a question?   You know, I served in the House, as you know, and, in 2011, I and  several of my colleagues wrote a letter inquiring about these gifts and  why is it that they didn't have to be disclosed. This has been going on  for far too long.   There is another matter of personal respect. The Supreme Court  Justices, all of them, have the highest position in the judiciary, and  all of those other 850 judges under them, are they not entitled to  expect that what is required of them will be accepted by those nine  members?   I have to confess enormous dismay that the Chief Justice of the  Supreme Court, who is in the position to bring those other eight  Justices together and say, ``Hey, let's deal with this; why are we  creating this problem when it does so much to undercut public  confidence in what it is we are trying to do?'' hasn't done it--hasn't  done it.   So we have to do it. I believe that the judiciary--not just the 850  members of the judicial branch but 859 members of the judicial branch-- should all be subject to the same disclosure rules. And let me tell  you, if they disclose these gifts, maybe they won't take these gifts-- because, actually, what is the point? I mean, really?   This is where I go back to the Vermonters I talked to who say: Peter,  what is the deal? You literally can take an all-expense-paid vacation,  and this person thinks it is not going to influence them? And they want  to know what I have been smoking--seriously.   So what we are doing here is pretty modest, bare bones, but even if  it is bare bones and modest, it is absolutely essential to the first  step that we take in our effort to restore confidence to the people of  this country--Republicans, Democrats, Independents--that our judiciary  is all about serving them, not benefiting individually by their  positions.   I yield to my colleague from Rhode Island, Senator Whitehouse.   