 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I say to you, if you want to reduce fentanyl on our streets, I ask  you to vote for this amendment.   This amendment No. 13 simply allows CBP to hire additional CBP  officers at our ports of entry in addition to new CBP Border Patrol  agents. Our ports of entry today are the economic engine of our  country. They are vital gateways for our international commerce,  travel, and they collect more than $112 billion in duties and taxes  every year, but our ports of entry are understaffed.   CBP has told us they need 4,000 more agents at our ports of entry. As  you know, about 90 percent of fentanyl seizures and other narcotics  actually happen at our ports of entry. That is with only 2 percent of  the vehicles crossing being inspected. That is with only 17 percent of  cargo coming across those ports of entries being inspected. If you want  to stop and if you want to seize more fentanyl, you need to hire more  agents at our ports of entry. It is very simple.   Today, this bill that I am amending calls for 2,000 more border  agents, but only 150 new officers at our ports of entry. Let me repeat:  This bill only calls for 150 new agents at our ports of entry, and my  amendment simply says: Give the CBP, our folks at the border, the  ability and the flexibility to determine who they hire--ports of entry,  or between ports of entry. Those experts that are there protecting our  borders day in and day out should make that decision.   Again, Mr. Chair, 90 percent of the fentanyl seized coming into this  country is seized at our ports of entry. Ninety percent? Says who?  Ninety percent, says those officers at our ports of entry.   They need our help. Let's give them the flexibility. Let's give them  the tools to make sure they keep our country safe from fentanyl while  continuing to increase economic commerce and trade at our borders.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support amendment No. 13, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, and I say to my colleague on the other side of  the aisle, who is absolutely correct, we need those forces at our  border. I am just pointing out that we know most of the drugs,  narcotics, fentanyl, come across the ports of entry. Why not give those  ports additional personnel to stop the fentanyl that we know is killing  our citizens, our young people in our streets.  [[Page H4670]]    Give them the opportunity to also hire. Give the Border Patrol and  those agents at our ports of entry the ability to stop these poisons  from coming into our country. One death is one death too many from an  overdose from fentanyl. Let's stop fentanyl and other narcotics from  coming into the country.   Again, sir, 90 percent of the fentanyl and narcotics are actually  apprehended at our ports of entry. That is not my statistic. That is  not his statistic. That is Homeland Security data. Mr. Chair, I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, again, I think all of us recognize the  challenges we have at our border.   What I am merely doing is presenting this amendment, amendment No.  13, in response to what I have seen at our ports of entry, which is:  They need more personnel, and they need it today. Let's help them at  the border keep our country safe. Let's give them the personnel and the  resources they need.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   