 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, according to a 2022 lifestyle survey of servicemembers  and veterans, financial issues were the top lifestyle stressor, and  unfortunately, bankruptcy sometimes is the best answer for those in  financial distress.   Under current law, National Guard members and reservists who serve on  Active Duty are, like other active servicemembers, exempt from the  Bankruptcy Code means test which determines whether a debtor's income  is too high to have all of his or her debts erased in bankruptcy. This  critical protection for National Guard members and reservists has to be  extended every 4 years, and this is the time to do it.   Unless otherwise exempted, these servicemembers and veterans must  complete the required forms and submit the specified paperwork to  satisfy the Bankruptcy Code's means test.   This burdensome requirement would even apply to National Guard and  reservists who have returned to the United States from active service  and thus no longer receive combat pay.   Under the means test, such servicemember must calculate his or her  income based on the average monthly income that he or she received  during the 6-month period preceding the filing date of the bankruptcy  case, rather than the debtor's actual income, which may be less because  of the debtor's noncombat status.   Without this exemption, some servicemembers and veterans may be  prevented from seeking the financial relief that they need and deserve.  We should not deny the reservists and the National Guard these  benefits.   This extension is an immediate concern. The bill would extend for 4  years the temporary authorization exempting certain qualifying reserve  component members of the Armed Services and National Guard members from  this means test.   I am proud to have led the effort to exempt the National Guard and  reservists from the means test in 2008 and the extensions of this  successful program in 2015 and 2019. If we do not act today, this  critical protection for National Guard members and reservists will  expire in a matter of weeks.   I hope we can act on a bipartisan basis, as we have always done, to  extend the authority.   I thank my cosponsors Representatives Ben Cline, Madeleine Dean, Tim  Burchett, and leaders of the companion effort in the Senate, Senators  Durbin and Graham.   This is truly a bipartisan, bicameral effort.   I thank Chairman Jordan, who moved this bill through the Judiciary  Committee and advocated for its quick  [[Page H6748]]  consideration on the floor, and I all urge my colleagues to support  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, sometimes people think we don't work together, but in  the military we do work together. I am proud to support this, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge a voice vote on this measure, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5473. This bill, introduced by  Representatives Edwards and Norcross, would provide FEMA, the Federal  Emergency Management Agency, with greater flexibility when  incentivizing the use of hazard-resistant building codes in its  predisaster mitigation programs.   Current law directs FEMA to only consider the latest edition of  building codes when implementing predisaster mitigation programs. This  legislation will allow FEMA to consider the latest two editions of  codes. The additional flexibility will help States and communities that  are struggling to adapt to frequent changes in building codes.   Thanks to an amendment offered by Ranking Member Titus and adopted at  markup, this bill now includes a pilot program within FEMA's Building  Resilient Infrastructure and Communities program called BRIC--not to be  confused with Brazil, Russia, India, and China--making it possible to  fund individual home retrofits for the purpose of disaster resilience.   The severity of disasters has skyrocketed in recent years, putting  homeowners at serious risk. Implementing recommended mitigation  measures could make the difference between a family losing their home  and life savings or being able to stay safe and continue their daily  routines post-disaster.   This pilot program will ensure financial barriers do not stand in the  way of making homes safer, so no family is left behind. Homeowners  might leverage this pilot to make the roof less flammable and more  resilient to wildfires and remove overhanging branches to reduce the  risk of damage from severe storms or build a tornado-safe room.   These measures may also come with the added benefit of reduced  insurance premiums. Having a home is very important in America, so it  is critical that we support ways to lower premiums and make homes more  insurable as disaster risk and insurance costs are ballooning.   The House passed the language in this bipartisan bill on suspension  in the 117th Congress. I look forward to passing this measure today to  improve implementation of predisaster mitigation programs and make  homes more resilient to disaster.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join  with the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Graves) and me as we support this  legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am not going to ping-pong this back and  forth. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am standing in lieu of the ranking member  Mr. Larsen, who can't be here, and he asked me to do this as I am the  ranking member on the Subcommittee on Aviation, which this bill came  out of.   I was here earlier today on a veterans' bill, and I mentioned that  people sometimes don't think we work together, but military and  veterans' issues are a place where Democrats and Republicans come  together. We also come together on transportation issues generally, and  this time we most assuredly did. There was an overwhelmingly large  majority passing this bill on the floor, and it was because of the work  of Chairman Graves, Ranking Member Larsen, and the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Graves).   This is a good bill. It protects the flying public. It takes care of  consumers who have been left in the breach either on the tarmac or left  for hours with the plane not leaving or getting in late, giving them  the right to get refunds, compensation, water, all those other things  they would like to have. It takes care of trying to see that our air  traffic controllers have a larger group of people to choose from,  opening it up to minorities who have not really been encouraged and/or  permitted so much into the air traffic control system.   We need more and more air traffic controllers, so this bill  encourages more people to get involved in that because when we have a  lack of air traffic controllers, we have got potential safety problems.  We have had 9, 10, or 11--I don't know exactly how many--near- collisions because the air traffic controllers had too much work, some  of them were doing other things, and they just don't have enough folks.  For safety, we need to get this passed, as well as for consumers.   There are many other improvements detailed in the bill, but I am not  going to go through these eight wonderful pages that my staffer has  drawn up for me to read. I will just say it is a good bill. The Senate  should get their work done and join with us in improving the public's  safety in the air and their rights as consumers. The bill includes  improvements in airport construction and also gives people with  disabilities many more opportunities, too.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage everybody to vote ``aye'' and pass this  bill. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, in response to the gentleman from Georgia  (Mr. Collins), my friend, who wished us all merry Christmas, I wish him  merry Christmas and happy Hanukkah.   Today is the Hanukkah party at the White House, and the Speaker has  yet to limit votes so that the Members who attend can attend and not  miss votes. We had votes moved on Christmas, and they should be moved  on Hanukkah, too. I know the Speaker is very concerned about the Bible,  and in the Bible, Moses said, let my people go. Mr. Speaker, I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I will yield back the balance of my time and  not ask Mr. Graves who won the Heisman Trophy because he knows well-- the LSU quarterback.   New and persistent challenges facing the U.S. aviation system make  clear that the status quo is unsustainable. We must extend the FAA's  current authorization and recommit to passing a long-term,  comprehensive reauthorization to avoid repeating this scenario. I  support H.R. 6503 fully, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   