 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership  and yielding for this important bill. I also extend my appreciation to  the ranking member, my colleague from the great State of New York, for  her ongoing support. I am proud to speak to this bill this afternoon.   Small businesses know that, all too often, more than perhaps any  other in this country, when it comes to Federal regulations and the  Federal Government, the left hand not only doesn't know what the right  hand is doing but the left hand doesn't know there is a right hand.  Because of that, it creates a great deal of burden and confusion for  small businesses.   My bill, H.R. 4668, the POST IT Act, is an important step to make it  easier for small business owners to comply with Federal regulations  that might otherwise be difficult for them to locate in the first place  and then to understand.   I am grateful to Ms. Scholten for working together with me on this  bill.  [[Page H5914]]  This bipartisan legislation simply requires Federal agencies to post  follow-up guidance on the SBA's Office of the National Ombudsman's  website for any regulation that will have a significant impact on small  businesses.   While there are official guidance documents that are released when  rules are initially finalized, over time, agencies often release  additional materials related to compliance. This leads to updated  policy statements and technical clarifications that ultimately lead to  a labyrinth of regulatory confusion and oversight by enforcement.   The POST IT Act ensures these updates will be housed in a centralized  location so small business owners can worry less about abiding by  government regulations and focus more on running their businesses,  employing our neighbors, and investing in our communities.   There are over 33 million small businesses in the United States of  America, which, as we all know and celebrate often, serve as the  backbone of the American economy.   The thousands of small businesses I represent in upstate New York are  vitally important to our communities, supporting local services through  their taxes paid, supporting employees and their families, and making  an honest living for themselves.    If Federal agencies are going to create new regulations for small  businesses to comply with, we should seek to make it easier for them to  understand and follow those rules, to relieve them of that burden so  they are not further burdened with confusing requirements. This  commonsense bipartisan legislation will help small businesses avoid  unnecessary headaches.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Ms. Scholten, for her leadership  on this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   