 Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of the privileges  of the House and offer the resolution I previously noticed.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, like many of my colleagues on this floor, we were  elected with a commitment to work on both sides of the aisle to  represent our constituents and the American people.   Unfortunately, we learned very early into Mr. Santos' term that he  was elected under false pretenses, which made it clear that he cannot  represent the great constituents of Nassau County and across this  country.   Since he was elected in November of 2022, we have learned about  countless lies, deceptions, and 23 charges against Mr. Santos.   It is in the best interest of the constituents of New York's 3rd and  all Americans that he is expelled from the House of Representatives.   The lies, the deceptions about September 11 terrorist attacks, his  education, his work history, his faith, the fact that he was Jew-ish,  claiming that his grandparents escaped the horrors of the Holocaust. We  also saw that he pled to a crime in Brazil.   I was one of the first Members of Congress to call for his  resignation, doing so in January.   In May, I motioned for an expulsion resolution to be referred to the  Committee on Ethics, asking for a thorough and expedient investigation,  as there were not yet two-thirds ``yes'' votes needed from this Chamber  for him to be expelled.   Despite my desire to see Mr. Santos no longer serving in Congress, I  believed that this would be the quickest way to rid him from the  institution, and I thanked that committee. They recently released a  memo interviewing over 40 witnesses, reviewing over 170,000 pages of  documents, doing their due diligence.   Just weeks ago, Mr. Santos' former campaign treasurer pled guilty to  falsifying campaign finance reports, including lying about a $500,000  loan that Mr. Santos claimed to have donated to the campaign himself.   Days later, Mr. Santos was charged with an additional 10 criminal  counts. These charges included conspiracy to commit offenses against  the United States of America, aggravated identity theft, and the  indictment outlined a vast amount of evidence against Mr. Santos.   All you have to do is look at the lies and deceptions in the  resolution and details of the indictments--multiple indictments--to see  that Mr. Santos is a stain on this institution and not fit to serve his  constituents in the House of Representatives.   Mr. Speaker, over the last days I have heard from many Members saying  that there is due process, that there is precedent.   Well, I stand before you today, Mr. Speaker, in saying that if we are  going to set a new precedent today, that we are against lying  fraudsters coming to the House of Representatives, then I am all for  that precedent. I will add to that, Mr. Speaker, that many individuals  have come to Washington, D.C., to rid us of the swamp.   Well, today, we have an opportunity to set a new precedent and to  remove someone from the House of Representatives that is not properly  representing  [[Page H5215]]  the people of New York's Third Congressional District.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaLota).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   First, I recognize some of the comments from my colleague, the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Goldman) when he asked what has changed.   What has changed is that there are an additional 13 charges in an  indictment with a campaign treasurer pleading guilty. What has changed  is that when we had discussed this back in May, when he cosponsored  that legislation, I made it very clear that I was in support of it, but  I also know how to count and realized that we did not have two-thirds  of the House. Perhaps we won't this evening.   What I do know is that the Ethics Committee has been working hard, as  they issued a memo, as I referred to a few minutes ago, reviewing over  170,000 pages of documents, interviewing 40 witnesses, and issuing  subpoenas. Things have changed.   I find it very hard to take advice about serving constituents, Mr.  Speaker, from a gentleman who has outright supported a rogue DA like  Alvin Bragg in New York City, who has turned one of the greatest cities  in this country into an outright disaster. Just ask your constituents.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Lawler).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I first would point out that constitutional due process  doesn't apply here.   We have the facts. They have been outlined over the last 10 months,  and the facts are that Mr. Santos actually admitted to those lies and  deceptions.   He references the concern of this body and the fact that we may be  losing trust. I want to let everyone in on a stark reminder. Coming  from New York, New Yorkers don't agree on much of anything, but 78  percent of the individuals who live in the Third Congressional District  do not want George Santos as their Representative, so it seems to me  that trust has already been lost.   Like my colleagues mentioned, this is not something we want to do. In  fact, I wasn't elected to Congress, nor were my colleagues here from  New York, to entertain issues like this. While Mr. Santos referenced  the work that needs to be done here in the 118th Congress, like  fighting the out-of-control spending from the Biden administration,  holding President Biden accountable for his lies and deception and  failure to uphold the Constitution, securing our southern border,  keeping our communities safe, making this country energy independent-- yes, that is the work that we want to do. That is the work that our  neighbors sent us here to do. Each time we attempt to do that work, we  are sidetracked by yet another story involving George Santos.   So you see, we are here today because we have heard all the facts. We  know what is at stake, and yes, we understand that there is a  precedent. But, by God, if there is ever a time that the American  people want to see a new standard, want to see a new precedent set on  Capitol Hill, I think now is the time. They have watched over the last  3 or 4 weeks while we tried to find our new Speaker of the House. This  government was on hold, and we couldn't do the work of the American  people.   Do you know what? They are looking at us and want us to be held to a  higher standard. That is why we are putting this resolution on the  floor, not because we want to and not for political points.  [[Page H5218]]    This resolution would have been put forth by me whether I represent a  bright red district or the brightest of blue districts. This is about  doing the right thing. It is about putting this institution first, and  it is about giving the people of the Third Congressional District the  opportunity to be represented.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   