 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, accountability matters. Our Nation deserves  nothing less than full transparency from Federal officials working in  the name of the American people.   When government officials abuse their office to infringe on  Americans' right to free speech, it is a very grave offense. Government  officials who abuse official taxpayer-funded resources to censor  Americans need to be out of government service for a long time.   My amendment allows the Office of Special Counsel, which adjudicates  the Hatch Act, and would adjudicate the newly added provisions of this  bill, to punish those employees with a longer span of debarment.   This amendment revises the disciplinary action under the bill to  allow for debarment from Federal employment for up to 10 years rather  than 5. This better reflects the gravity of their offense. People who  abuse their official office to violate Americans' constitutional rights  shouldn't be able to return to government employment after a brief  stint in the private sector.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, this bill simply empowers the Office of Special  Counsel to do better and adjudicate their job.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, again, accountability matters. If you are  paid from an appropriation for the White House office or appointed by  the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, you  need to be held to a standard of utmost impartiality.   These folks are paid generous salaries and have large platforms as  Cabinet Secretaries or senior White House aides. The monetary penalty  should reflect their increased responsibility compared to rank-and-file  employees.   The American people have had enough of the swamp, and its efforts to  infuse authoritarianism into the fabric of American society.   This amendment, which raises the penalty from $10,000 to $50,000 for  senior officials who abuse their office to violate Americans'  constitutional rights deserve a costly penalty.   I urge adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, the purpose of this amendment is to create  greater accountability, responsibility, thoughtfulness in these Cabinet  secretaries and senior officials so that it is not partisan politics  that rules the day, but, rather, the American people--or the interests  of the American people.   Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Kentucky (Mr. Comer).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   