 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about what this  resolution is really about. No, it is not just about supporting local  law enforcement. It is also about trying to attack and vilify  [[Page H2437]]  the Black Lives Matter movement and the activism that has helped shape  our Nation and helped our Nation more clearly see the injustices  carried out in our communities.   In 2020, I myself was on the forefront of this movement. Alongside  the world, I watched online, outraged over the killing and lynching of  George Floyd, a man who did not deserve to die at the hands of a police  choke hold while he called out for his mother.   Alongside the world, I was outraged over the loss of Breonna Taylor,  a young woman who did not deserve to be shot dead in her own home.   Like millions across this country, I marched for change, marched to  fight for our voices to be heard, marched to fight for a world where  that injustice does not exist, and marched in a nonviolent way  alongside my community in central Florida.   I saw the pain and the hurt of so many who had spent their lives  living in a nation where they feared their well-being every time they  stepped outside of their home due to negative interactions with law  enforcement. Not every interaction, but many interactions.   We fought for public safety that centers the community so we can  truly tackle crime and conditions that breed it.   I believed then what I believe now: The color of your skin and how  much money you have in the bank should not determine the treatment you  get in the eyes of the law.   The color of your skin and how much money you have in the bank should  not be the determining factor of whether you live or die.   No one deserves to die because they are Black. No one deserves to die  because they are poor.   Yet, today, we are voting on a resolution that does nothing but to  divide us as a country.   It has nothing to do with really supporting police. It has everything  to do with vilifying a movement of people and everything to do with  trying to rewrite history to make what was a global, mainly nonviolent  protest seem evil.   You can pass all the sham resolutions you want, but you cannot take  away our stories. I remember being tear-gassed, maced, arrested, and  jailed on the streets of my own hometown. Today, I get to represent  those same streets in the United States Congress.   You cannot whitewash this history. These stories live on in Black  Lives Matter.   