 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk, No. 18.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would exclude the Southern  California Planning Area from being leased for oil and gas production  as part of any proposed plan under this bill.   It is just over 1 year ago that our community experienced an oil  spill that posed a grave ecological disaster that devastated local  wildlife, our coasts and our ocean, and small business owners who rely  on our coastal activity for their livelihoods.   This kind of disaster is exactly why I introduced my American Coasts  and Oceans Protection Act to prohibit any new leasing for the  exploration, development, or production of oil or natural gas along the  southern California coast, from San Diego up to San Luis Obispo.   As I said when I introduced the bill last Congress, it is time to put  our environment and our coastal economy first, not the out-of-state  fossil fuel companies that profit while polluting our coastline.   It is also important to note that our southern California economy  relies heavily on ocean-based businesses. In San Diego and Orange  County alone, the ocean economy accounts for roughly $7.7 billion in  economic activity and sustains more than 140,000 jobs in coastal  tourism and recreation.   Along California's coastline, fishing, tourism, and recreation  supports nearly 600,000 jobs and roughly $42.3 billion in economic  activity. For every massive oil spill our region experiences, we are  not only adding to the pollution of our oceans, but directly  jeopardizing thousands of jobs.   Mr. Chair, the latest oil spill wasn't the first time our community  has experienced such a disaster. More than 4 million gallons of oil  have been released in the Pacific Ocean as a result of the 1969 Santa  Barbara blowout, and the Refugio oil spill of 2015, and other leaks  from oil rig and pipeline activity affecting more than 935 square miles  of ocean. This most recent spill pushed that number even higher.   Californians have made it clear that they are strongly opposed to  additional offshore oil and gas drilling along our coast.   The last administration repeatedly pushed to expand offshore drilling  and rolled back crucial safety regulations that help prevent spills,  and now here we are once again as Big Oil seeks to expand drilling off  our coast, even as they sit on thousands of unused permits across the  country.  [[Page H376]]    With so much ecological disaster and so many jobs threatened by  offshore drilling, southern Californians have had enough. We need to be  focusing on cutting emissions and protecting coastal communities from  rising sea levels, not extracting more oil so fossil fuel executives  can profit even more. Just yesterday, Chevron announced it is tripling  its stock buyback program to $75 billion while reporting record  profits.   How much profit do they really need?   The reality is, we need to end all new offshore oil and gas leasing  in southern California, off the Pacific Coast and beyond. This  amendment represents a start to making that happen.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support  this amendment and respect the will of the vast majority of  Californians, Republicans, Democrats, and Independents alike who oppose  drilling off our coasts.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, No. 21.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit any new leases  under this plan that do not provide a fair return for taxpayers.   For far too long, our oil and gas leasing program has offered a  sweetheart deal for the industry at the expense of taxpayers. One  fossil fuel company recently even went so far as to outline in a press  release the many benefits of extraction on public land compared to  private land. Their release highlighted that leases on public lands are  cheaper, they last longer, and they are more expansive.   While these statements may be music to the ears of those who care  most about Big Oil special interests, they represent a raw deal for the  American people.   Increasing the royalty rate to a fair level will generate billions of  dollars in revenue for taxpayers.   The Government Accountability Office and Congressional Budget Office  both agree and have suggested that this is good policy. That is why  last Congress I introduced the Restoring Community Input and Public  Protections in Oil and Gas Leasing Act, to protect taxpayers by  eliminating noncompetitive oil and gas leasing and raising the onshore  oil and gas royalty rate, rental fee, and minimum bid amount.   I am proud that the Inflation Reduction Act includes significant  provisions of that bill, including eliminating noncompetitive leasing  for oil and gas sales, raising annual rental rates, and increasing the  minimum bid for public lands. These provisions will go a long way in  ensuring the American people see a more fair return on the use of our  cherished public lands.   But we have more work to do to provide a fair return. States like  Texas and Oklahoma charge higher royalty rates on their State lands  than are charged on Federal public lands, leading to lost revenue for  Federal taxpayers.   This amendment builds on those provisions and will help end giveaways  of our public lands to fossil fuel companies and ensure that taxpayers  receive a fair return on any private profit that oil and gas companies  extract from our public lands.   The American people deserve to see a fair financial return on the  profits that fossil fuel companies make from their use of our cherished  public lands, and this amendment will require that these companies  provide that return instead of simply ripping the public off.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   