 Madam President, first, on housekeeping, I ask unanimous  consent that the filing deadline for first-degree amendments to treaty  document No. 112-8 be at 5 p.m. today.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, a remarkable change is taking hold in  our country and around the world due to artificial intelligence. The  public is now more conscious of this technology than ever before. And  thanks to recent advancements in machine learning and neural networks,  AI's impact in the coming years will be world-altering.   Tomorrow morning, I will speak at the Center for Strategic and  International Studies on how Congress can begin acting on AI in  earnest. I will share my ideas about a comprehensive framework Congress  can use to supercharge AI innovation in a safe and responsible way.  Because AI is moving so fast, it is so complex, and so outside  Congress's expertise, I will talk about some steps we must take to stay  ahead of AI's rapid development.   Many of AI's impacts are truly exciting. It will reshape how we fight  disease, tackle hunger, manage our lives, enrich our minds, and ensure  peace. But we cannot ignore AI's many dangers: AI will dramatically  disrupt our workforce, could lead to massive and sophisticated  misinformation and weapons, could jaundice our elections and democratic  system, and there is the danger that we may prove incapable of managing  this technology at all.   Congress cannot behave like ostriches in the sand when it comes to  AI. Some might think it is better to ignore this issue or hope someone  else figures it out because it is so complex, but ignoring AI is  untenable for Congress.   In the 21st century, elected representatives must treat AI with the  same level of seriousness as national security, job creation, and our  civil liberties, because AI will touch on these issues and many, many  more.   I want to thank my colleagues from both sides of the aisle who are  already putting AI front and center, including our little team of  Senators Heinrich, Young, and Rounds, as well as Chairman Cantwell,  Peters, Klobuchar, Warner, and Durbin, as well as their ranking  Republican Members. I want to commend colleagues from both sides of the  aisle who have spoken out on AI's challenges, including Senators  Bennet, Thune, Blumenthal, and many others.   We must prepare for the age of AI together--both parties working with  goodwill bipartisan cooperation. That is the only way our efforts will  succeed in the ways it should.   