 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment, which increases Army  construction funding by $103 million to address extensive flood damage  at the United States Military Academy at West Point.   A few weeks ago on July 9, New York's Hudson Valley, along with other  parts of the Northeast, was devastated by a once-in-a-millennium flood  that saw nearly 10 inches of torrential rainfall arrive on the Hudson  Valley in just a few hours, washing away homes of our military  families, devastating roads, businesses in the surrounding community,  and tragically costing the life of a young woman in the surrounding  community just outside West Point.   My alma mater, the United States Military Academy at West Point, was  hit particularly hard. I have been on the ground multiple times seeing  the damage firsthand, along with colleagues from both sides of the  aisle, to assess the extent of the damage. We have decimated roads,  collapsed cliffside routes, compromising damage to barracks, bridges,  and facilities critical to carrying out the vital mission of the United  States Military Academy at West Point. In particular, I draw attention  to the fact that all of the enlisted soldier barracks, serving hundreds  of enlisted soldiers at the garrison have been completely destroyed.  There is nowhere for these soldiers on post to live, causing a  cascading effect and a real housing crunch across the post.   As of this moment, the cost estimates to rebuild are increasing each  day, presently topping out at over $100 million. As we know, West Point  serves a mission-critical role in our Nation's national security--the  world's premier leadership institute, creating leaders and shaping the  future of our Nation's Army. This institution made myself, many of my  colleagues across the aisle, and many others of our Nation, into  leaders. We cannot stand by during this time of need for such a  critical national security resource.   Allowing West Point to be hamstrung by such significant damage  imperils our military readiness, and we must ensure the institution has  the resources it needs to urgently repair and rebuild and get back to  their mission.   Mr. Chair, I urge the support of my colleagues throughout the  Congress, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for the bipartisan support  of this critical amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   