 Mr. Chairman, imagine a world where parents, school  board members, and teachers were really running the show in the  classroom, not bureaucrats thousands of miles away.   Imagine a world where parents didn't have to worry about a  hypersexualized, woke culture when they send their most cherished  individuals to the classroom, that they are assured that what is taught  in that school system is not going to counter what they taught them at  home.   We had such a world prior to 1979. It was a world that our Founders  foresaw. It is why they believed in the concept of laboratories of  democracy, laboratories of experimentation where, across State lines,  you could learn from both success and failures.   It is why, in the 18 enumerated powers of Article I, Section 8, you  do not find the Department of Education. That is why the 10th Amendment  says all powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution,  nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to  [[Page H1418]]  the States respectively, or to the people.   It is why Thomas Jefferson said, in order for the Federal Government  to be involved in education, you have to have a constitutional  amendment and, again, prior to 1979, we had such a world. The creation  of the Department of Education has only allowed a reduction in  educational attainment.   I will end with this. James Madison made this statement. He said,  imagine a world where we actually ascribe to the enumerated powers. I  am paraphrasing.   He said, Congress can apply this. They can take the care of religion.  If they can do this, go outside the 18 enumerated powers, they can take  care of religion into their own hands. They can establish teachers in  every county, every State, and every parish. They can pay them out of  the public treasury. They can take into their own hands the education  of children and establish in like manner schools throughout the Union.   They may assume the provision for the poor, and they may undertake  the regulation of all roads, other than Post Office roads.   In short, everything from the highest object of State legislation,  down to the most minute object of police would be thrown to the power  of Congress. James Madison foresaw this. In 1792, he stood on this  floor and talked about it. We need to return to the brilliance of our  Founders.   