 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session to consider the following nominations en  bloc: Calendar Nos. 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, and 52; that the  nominations be confirmed en bloc; that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate; that no further motions be in order to any of the nominations;  and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action  and the Senate then resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I appreciate very much the Senator from  Alabama coming back down here, and I am sorry for inconveniencing him,  but I think that we have had a difference of opinion about this that  really matters and is real.   First of all, I appreciate the fact that he read a rare headline  about my work here, but he mischaracterized what I did, which is to  hold only two civilian nominees at the Defense Department--two civilian  nominees. He has held every single--all flag officers, promotions of  uniformed flag officers from the Department of Defense. That has not  happened in the history of the U.S. Senate since 1789. And certainly my  hold of two civilians is not precedent for what he is doing.  [[Page S925]]    He talks about how the Defense Department can't change the rules on  its own. Nobody said the Defense Department changed the rules on its  own. I didn't see him come down here when the Defense Department said  they would pay for travel for LASIK. I didn't see him come down here  and complain when they said they would pay for travel for bunions. That  is not in the statute either. That is not our responsibility; that is  DOD's responsibility.   DOD, with a set of reasonable rules, is trying to deal with the  aftermath of Dodd, trying to help women in uniform access care. And I  believe the aftermath of Dodd created a real threat to our national  security and to our readiness. Women are the fastest growing population  in the military.   The Senator from Alabama said it exactly right: They are having huge  recruiting challenges. It is very hard for me to see how American women  who have had access for 50 years to a fundamental constitutional right  and have now had it stripped away by the Supreme Court of the United  States are going to enlist if they have no way to know whether or not  they are going to have access to reproductive care. And that is not me  saying it; the last time the Senator from Alabama and I, my friend,  were on the floor, he said there would be thousands and thousands of  people who would be affected by this--thousands and thousands. That is  a readiness issue.   As the Senator from Alabama knows very well, when people volunteer to  serve in our Armed Forces, they don't get to decide where they are  going to serve, but before Dodd, they had at least some assurance that  their fundamental rights would be protected, that their right to  reproductive health care or to abortion would be protected--not anymore  because the Supreme Court has ripped that right away. After Dodd, we  have seen the effect of that.   Eighteen States have banned abortion. Eighteen States have banned  abortion; 9, even in cases of rape and incest.   They passed or they have introduced restrictions to travel.   Alabama doesn't have exceptions for rape and incest, and a doctor can  go to prison in Alabama for 99 years if they perform an abortion.   There are even State legislatures down there that are trying to use  chemical endangerment statutes that are meant to deal with  methamphetamines to charge women who have accessed abortion.   In Texas--my friends in Texas--there are $10,000 bounties that are  being put out there to try to stop friends and neighbors from driving  their loved ones to the clinic.   Florida is trying to ban abortion at 6 weeks. One in three women in  this country who are pregnant don't know they are pregnant in 6 weeks.  I don't know if the Governor of Florida understands that--or maybe he  does understand it. I don't know which is worse.   After Dodd, it is not hard to see why women might think twice about  signing up.   Rand has said that there is going to be more attrition, that it is  going to hurt readiness. To help address these challenges, the Pentagon  announced three policies: a travel allowance so that people could  actually have help being paid to go from a State they hadn't asked to  go to, to one where they could have access to care; absence without  leave so they wouldn't be charged--you know, they are paid leave to be  able to address something that other people in the military don't have  to address; and more time to notify their commanding officers of what  happened. That is it. Those are the three things.   Those policies are so unreasonable in the mind of the Senator from  Alabama that he has done something that no Senator has ever done, which  is to put a blanket hold on all flag officers and their promotion in  the Department of Defense. And that is just the three modest things.  That has nothing to do with basing. It has nothing to do with how DOD  is going to address Dobbs in the future.   I don't think that people in these States who have not volunteered to  be in these States should have to be subject to the draconian laws of  these States and not have the opportunity, if they want to have the  opportunity, to travel and have their travel paid for, just as we do  with LASIK surgery. That is what he calls an ``abortion travel  agency''--the Senator from Alabama.    Again, we didn't hear about this when it was about LASIK. We didn't  hear about it when it was about bunions. We heard about it when it was  about a 50-year fundamental right on behalf of the American people.   This hurts our security. It hurts our readiness at a time when Russia  and China are combining together.   So I beg the Senator from Alabama to relent. We can have a  disagreement about--we will have a disagreement. I come from a State  that was one of the first States--the first State in America--to codify  a woman's right to choose before Roe v. Wade was decided. I come from a  State that was the first State in America to ratify a woman's right to  choose in the wake of the Dobbs decision. And he comes from a State  that views it very differently.   I respect his position on this, just like I do everybody in America  who disagrees with my position on this. What I don't respect is the  idea that we can't move past this blanket hold on every single flag  officer that is up for promotion just because the Senator doesn't agree  with the majority position that is reflected in the Department of  Defense's modest rules.   I know that the vote is coming, and, at this point, I will relent and  yield the floor.   I will just say to my friend from Alabama: I wish him luck, and I  wish Alabama luck tomorrow night. I look forward to the next time that  we are here addressing this fundamental disagreement because I believe  the American people are staggered by what the Dobbs Court has done. I  believe the American people are staggered by what has happened because  an originalist majority of the Supreme Court--something that was  unimaginable when I was graduating from law school, not that many years  ago--has now decided, if it was not a right in 1848, it is not a right  in the United States of America today.   I don't believe that is where the American people are, and I don't  believe that is where the Department of Defense is.   I yield the floor.   