 Madam President, the National Flood Insurance Program  Risk Rating 2.0 has officially been in effect for almost a year, and  families in Louisiana are feeling the unfolding disaster.   We are not talking about a storm or a flood, which the National Flood  Insurance Program is supposed to protect against. We are talking about  the financial crisis unfolding at kitchen tables. Families cannot  afford the premium hikes that the NFIP is planning with Risk Rating  2.0. For some, the premiums have become unaffordable and threaten the  collapse of the value of their home.   For now, rate hikes are capped at 18 percent per year, but these  compound year after year. So for the couple who has lived in their  house for decades, they are not thinking, OK, it is only 18 percent.  No, they are thinking it is 18 percent compounded upon 18 percent. And  they don't have a plan to move: Oh, let's escape from it. This is where  they have been for decades. Eighteen percent compounds and adds up very  quickly.   This is not fiction. These are real stories that I hear from folks in  Louisiana--great Americans, great Louisianians who love our country-- and they are wondering what in the heck is going on.   An example is the Bourgeois family, an elderly couple in Raceland.  They both turned 83 last year. They have owned their home for 56 years.  It has never been in a flood zone, and it has never flooded. Before  Risk Rating 2.0, they paid $500 a year in flood insurance premiums.  After Risk Rating 2.0, they are scheduled to pay, when fully in effect,  $500 per month--from $500 a year to $500 per month.  [[Page S344]]    Their full risk premium will reach almost $6,300 in 14 years, but  their annual payment will double in the fourth year.   So how many 83-year-old retired couples do you know who can afford an  extra $5,800 in expenses just like that?   The holiday season just passed. I am sure the Bourgeois family--we  have big families in South Louisiana--had their children,  grandchildren, nieces, and nephews. But I am sure there is extra  budgeting this year.   Families should not have to spend holidays budgeting for this kind of  increase in flood insurance premium when they have never flooded. That  is the crazy thing about it. They have never flooded, and these are the  premium increases that they are seeing.   Now, families across Louisiana and in America's coastal communities-- not just in Louisiana--are finding themselves in a similar situation to  the Bourgeois'. By the way, Louisiana has been hard hit by hurricanes  over the last few years: Ida, Delta, Zeta, and Laura. Folks in my State  are still recovering, and they are responsible for maintaining their  insurance. But with Risk Rating 2.0, it feels like the Biden  administration is kicking them when they are trying to get back on  their feet.   So it begs the question: Why is the administration allowing Risk  Rating 2.0 to take effect?   Congress never required FEMA to implement this. President Biden can  stop it with a stroke of the pen. He has the power. He should have  asked FEMA to delay or cancel the implementation of Risk Rating 2.0 or  to reconsider it altogether.   Throughout the process, though, FEMA has not only been slow to share  information with policyholders, they have stonewalled Members of  Congress. They are not being upfront about the costs to policyholders.  Homeowners did not get significant information from FEMA until less  than a month before Risk Rating 2.0 began to be implemented, and now  many Louisiana policyholders are getting notices in the mail of their  new risk premiums. Folks in my State, they feel blindsided. The  Bourgeois family was blindsided when they got a notice that their full  premium will go from $500 a year to $6,295.   We are here to serve the American people. And in case folks think,  no, this is not true, they can look at this property--Four Point Drive,  Raceland, LA--and they can see that it has never flooded. They can see  that this is a single family, a main dwelling. They can see that it is  a modest home; it is not a big mansion. The Bourgeoises are not  millionaires. And then they can see the premium they have to pay. They  can see that there are no discounts being applied and that their  premium eventually grows to that full-risk premium.   Now, it is not just this family with this; I have a dozen more  insurance bills from constituents showing massive premium hikes through  no fault of their own. They are penalized just for living where their  families have lived for generations. With Risk Rating 2.0, FEMA has put  them into an impossible situation.   Now, by the way, families are now choosing to drop out of the program  because they can't afford the premium. The pool of homeowners is  becoming smaller, leaving those subject to the mandatory requirement to  buy insurance worse off. Those who are required to own are now faced  with the difficult task of coming up with thousands more to pay their  insurance or lose their mortgage.   FEMA knows this is going to happen. They know that up to 20 to 25  percent of those policyholders will drop their policies because they  cannot afford them. That has the potential to put this into what is  called an actuarial death spiral, where the risk is placed upon fewer  and fewer; therefore, premiums go up even greater and greater;  therefore, more and more have to drop. If the intent is to destroy the  program, to not help Americans in times of flooding, this policy could  not be done more effectively.   There has to be another option. Congress has taken steps to avoid  major flooding in the future. Louisiana has already received over $680  million for coastal restoration, flood, and waterway projects from the  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. It is already delivering on its  promises.   When I was helping to negotiate the bill, I had those Louisiana  families in mind. What can we do to lower their risk of flooding-- which, by the way, then helps everyone else in our country--to help  make this Flood Insurance Program more affordable and sustainable?   Now, the second half of helping these families is ensuring that they  are not forced to move because of unaffordable flood insurance  premiums. Flood insurance must always remain affordable and accessible  to the homeowner, accountable to the taxpayer, and sustainable for the  future. Only President Biden has the power to change that now, which he  has the responsibility to do.   I yield the floor.   