 Madam Speaker, the central architecture of the  Constitution is the separation of powers. It is really just mother's  rules, writ large.   One slice of pie; two hungry brothers. How does mother slice the pie  so both brothers are happy? Pretty simple. One slices; the other  chooses. The powers given to one brother cannot be abused because of  the powers given to the other.   That is the brilliance of our Constitution. One brother makes law but  cannot enforce it; the other brother enforces law but cannot make it.   Article I is the first and longest article in the Constitution. It  begins with the words: ``All legislative powers herein granted are  vested in a Congress of the United States.''   When a law was to be made, the Founders wanted a great big rowdy food  fight. They wanted every voice expressed through their Representatives.  They wanted the decision held up to every light. They created two  Houses with decidedly different perspectives so that the Congress would  even argue with itself. They wanted it hard to make laws so the Nation  wouldn't be smothered by them, and they wanted those who make those  laws directly answerable to the people.   But once made, they didn't want laws to be carried out by hundreds of  squabbling prima donnas. That's why we have Article II: ``The executive  powers shall be vested in a President of the United States.'' One  official, independent of the Congress but also accountable to the  people, was to carry out those laws; not make them, but to take care  that they are ``faithfully executed.''   Then in Article III, mother, the Supreme Court, independent of both  brothers, is there to resolve disputes.   How different it is today. Today, executive agencies which are not  elected and often act independently of the elected President, make ten  times the laws that Congress makes. They then enforce the laws that  they have made, and if they accuse you of violating them, you have to  prove your innocence in an administrative court run by the same agency  that made the law, accused you of breaking it, and which keeps the  fines that it takes from you.    Madam Speaker, while the courts give intentional  scrutiny to the laws made by Congress, under the doctrine of Chevron  deference, they have to give wide latitude to the acts of agencies that  lack any checks and balances.   Madison warned that when all of the powers of government are in the  same hands, you have tyranny. Just ask anyone who has been hauled  before this Kafkaesque process.   This bill starts to return the law to its constitutional moorings by  repealing this despotic doctrine and placing the acts of unelected  administrative state under the same constitutional scrutiny as those of  the elected Congress.   