 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, at this  moment of danger and peril around the world, we, the United States of  America, must support our friends and democracies that are under attack  from brutal adversaries. That means supporting Israel's right to defend  itself in the aftermath of the brutal Hamas attacks of October 7.   It also means ensuring that the people of Ukraine can defend  themselves against Putin's rank aggression. Make no mistake about it,  this proposal on the floor today is tantamount to saying the Ukrainian  people should surrender to Vladimir Putin. It is waving the white flag.  If we don't support Ukraine, not only will the Ukrainians lose,  democracy will lose around the world. And I have to say that Ronald  Reagan would be rolling in his grave today to see the Republican Party  abandoning Ukraine in the fight for democracy and freedom.   You know, most of us gathered recently in the Old Senate Chamber with  President Zelenskyy, and he was very clear that the Ukrainians will  fight on to defend their democracy and their sovereignty, but if the  United States doesn't stand by the people of Ukraine, Putin will have  the upper hand.   So for goodness' sake, our Ukrainian friends are spilling blood; they  are giving lives. The very least we can do is step up and continue to  provide military assistance so that they can defend themselves.   And this is not only about Ukraine; it is about making sure that our  allies--our NATO allies--understand that the United States will  continue to stand up against aggression. If the United States walks  away, the NATO alliance will begin to collapse.   It also sends a terrible signal to others around the world--other  autocrats--who are watching very carefully what the United States and  our allies do with respect to Ukraine. I have heard my colleagues say  it is only speculation as to what our allies in the Indo-Pacific would  think if we walked away.   Well, let me tell you. They have told us very clearly. Leaders in  Japan and South Korea, friends in Taiwan are watching closely what the  United States does with respect to Ukraine, just as President Xi is  keeping one eye on Taiwan as he keeps the other eye on what is  happening in Ukraine.   Now, President Biden is scheduled to meet with President Xi tomorrow  in San Francisco at the APEC conference. And I can tell my colleagues  don't pretend on the Senate floor or otherwise that you are going to be  really tough on China; that you are going to support Taiwan if you cut  loose and run when it comes to Ukraine because they are intricately  connected. Just ask the people in Taiwan, ask the people in the Indo- Pacific region.   Finally, I keep hearing my Republican colleagues talk about their so- called pay-for, as if the $14 billion dollar cut to the IRS pays for  the $14 billion in support for Israel. This debate has been going on  for a couple of weeks so it can't be that our colleagues aren't paying  attention to what both the IRS and the Congressional Budget Office have  said. They have said, far from paying for it, it will actually increase  [[Page S5489]]  the deficit. That was the testimony of all the witnesses, Democrats and  Republicans, in the Budget Committee last week. Why would it increase  the deficit? Because you are taking away funds that the IRS is using to  go after very wealthy tax deadbeats, people who are not paying the  taxes that are already due and owing.   You are saying to the IRS: We are going to deny you the funds to go  after those very wealthy deadbeats. And because you can't collect the  revenue from those tax deadbeats, the United States deficit is going to  go up, not down. So that doesn't pay for it. Don't call it a pay-for.  That is simply a fraud. It is not true.   And what is really astounding--I have heard my colleagues use the  word ``leverage'' a couple of times. It is a new cynicism to use our  efforts to support Israel to provide what amounts to a don't-have-to- pay-your-taxes message to very wealthy Americans. It is like nobody  ever seems to miss an opportunity to give another tax break to very  wealthy folks on the Republican side. In this case, it is not a tax  break; it is actually just requiring that people pay the taxes already  due and owing. So stop calling it a pay-for.    Let's stand up for Ukraine and democracy in Ukraine; yes, let's  continue to support Israel's right to defend itself; and let's stand up  as the United States of America to ensure that we send a message to our  allies around the world that are with them and our adversaries around  the world that we will stand by our friends.   With that, I yield to the Senator from Colorado, Senator Bennet.   