 Madam Speaker, since Austin, deep in the heart of  fossil-fueled Texas, is the only place I have ever called home, I don't  believe I have ever been in a home without a gas stove. But I certainly  don't need any protection through this contrived bill, and neither does  any other American.   I don't need to save my stove because there is no Federal bureaucrat  out there about to turn off the burners and mandate cold meals forever.   After meddling in our bedrooms and in our bathrooms, as if that  weren't enough, now Republicans are turning their attention to our  kitchens. Republicans propose in these bills to stop regulations that  no agency has ever proposed. It follows the Republican playbook. The  easiest problems to fix are those that don't exist in the first place,  and they are very good at that.   Pursuing this manufactured problem places this bill in the race for  the silliest Republican bill of the year but, with culture warriors  developing this kind of stuff all the time, that is an honor that is  very competitive to get.   Nonsense like these bills represent just another way of avoiding  dealing with the genuine problems that our families and our country  confront.   There is a growing body of science that indicates that burning  natural gas increases the chances of childhood asthma and can worsen  preexisting heart and lung issues. Using gas in the home, of course,  like using it anywhere else, can involve methane leaks that are  important as we deal with the climate crisis.   This bill prohibits any consideration of science in the future, no  matter what it shows, or what improvements might be recommended for  health and safety of those who are cooking on a stove or their  families.   Unfortunately, rejection of science is to be expected from a crowd of  climate deniers who regularly prefer political mythology and ideology  over reality.   What we should all be concerned about is not how we are cooking on  our stoves, but how our planet is cooking. It is overheating to a  dangerous level.   This bill is yet another indication of Republicans' rejection of  science. Our families are already encountering the human health effects  of climate change, tropical diseases we have never seen before, heat  exhaustion, death and destruction from one disaster after another.   When Democrats pursue solutions to these problems, House Republicans  are quick to point, look over there. Look over there at this imagined  Fox network fantasy that can upset you, while meanwhile they seem to  have never met a polluter they didn't like or to whom they were  unwilling to grant special privileges.   More and more families are, in fact, going electric with their cars,  their water heaters, their solar panels and more. At some point, I  expect my family also will make the change with our stove, not because  we are being forced by a bureaucrat, but because science shows that it  may be healthier for our grandchildren and for our planet.   Indeed, in January, the American Public Health Association called on  Federal agencies to do more to educate the public about these dangers.  More research is exactly what we need, including from the Consumer  Product Safety Commission and the Department of Energy so we can base  what we do here on facts, not on fantasy.   