 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, across the country, surges in violent  crime and deadly drugs have forced businesses to board up and working  Americans to think twice about the cities where they have chosen to  raise their families.   While repeat offenders are increasingly turned loose to run up longer  rap sheets, victims of senseless violence are usually guilty of nothing  more than being in the wrong place at the wrong time. For example, just  days ago, I was reminded of this when a 6-year-old girl in my hometown  of Louisville was shot by a group of motorcycle thugs while riding in  the back seat of her car. While she remains in critical but stable  condition, I join the entire Louisville community in wishing her a full  recovery.   Tragedies like this are unfortunately not unique to Kentucky. In our  Nation's Capital, crime has surged to startling levels. Compared to  last year, car thefts have shot up 117 percent, robberies are up 53  percent, and homicides are up 17 percent.   Just last week, a social studies teacher from Kentucky who was  visiting Washington for a conference was fatally shot on a university  campus. The assailant had a previous firearm charge and repeatedly  violated the terms of his release. This young man from my home State  was one of 10 people who were shot and killed in Washington during the  first 5 days of this month, including a college student and an Afghan  immigrant who had risked his life as an interpreter for the U.S.  military.   Too many Americans are mourning loved ones, and in cities across  their country, when they look for answers to this senseless violence,  they find radical prosecutors refusing to do their jobs. Liberal  district attorneys are watering down criminal codes and outright  refusing to prosecute repeat offenders who ought to be behind bars.   Earlier this year, the liberal DC Council tried to pass a new  criminal code that would make it easier for repeat offenders to get  back on the street. Thankfully, Republicans used  [[Page S2447]]  Congress's jurisdiction over our Nation's Capital and blocked this  nonsense. But at every level of government, Democrats continue to turn  a blind eye.   Keeping our communities safe is a fundamental governing  responsibility. The American people deserve to feel safe in their own  streets.   