 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    We know our middle class relies on strong, small  businesses. Small business ownership is the second largest source of  personal wealth in this country, only behind owning a home. Small  businesses make up more than 40 percent of our economy--no better  example than that of the Presiding Officer from Colorado and the  [[Page S5061]]  work that he did as he had the phenomenal success he did starting small  businesses.   We know, to build strong businesses, entrepreneurs need credit. A  loan lets you turn an idea into a business or invest in your company to  hire more workers. That is why small business credit is so essential to  our economy and to our middle class.   Today, small business lending takes place in the dark. We don't have  good data about how lenders are serving the small businesses in their  communities. We don't have good data about whom lenders might be  leaving behind. Without transparency, it is all too easy for  entrepreneurs in Ohio and around the country to lose out.   The data we do have suggests too many small business owners aren't  getting a fair shot at a loan for their businesses. Take rural small  businesses. We know that rural communities have seen bank branch close  after bank branch close for years, drying up access to credit for lots  of small businesses in rural Ohio. We need the data to understand how  to reach these business owners and how to grow smalltown economies.   Or take small businesses owned by women or by people of color. The  data we do have suggests they are more likely to be denied loans and  they are more likely to be charged higher interest rates. You don't  need reports and studies to know that most Ohioans don't get a fair  shake from big banks and the financial system. You do need accurate  information to fight back. That is why, in 2010, Congress required the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to get that information; and this  spring, the CFPB issued a rule to finally implement the law and to  bring transparency to the small business lending market.    We are talking about basic data on the borrowers' demographics, loan  pricing, application approvals, and other critical information--just  like we do with mortgages. It is not that complicated and not that  difficult and not that expensive. With this data, we will be able to  see gaps in the small business lending market, allowing programs to  expand access to credit for small businesses, especially like small  businesses in rural areas. More data means more accountability,  ensuring that lenders reach minority communities and helping to root  out discrimination.   We have seen this model work before. After we began publishing data  some years ago about home mortgages, more Americans of all races and  backgrounds were able to achieve the dream of homeownership.   This still protects people's privacy. Borrowers are not required to  submit information if they don't want to. Of course, big banks and  their lobbyists are putting up a fight. They always do. Any time there  is a rule that might change their behavior, they come up with the same  song and dance: It is too expensive. We have to hire new people.  Actually, it helps them serve the community better.   I am not going to help Wall Street avoid accountability. There has  been too much of that. When I took over chairmanship of this committee,  it was called the Senate Banking Committee, and it was a committee all  about Wall Street. We changed this. The colloquial name of this  committee is the Senate Housing and Banking Committee. Our charge is to  build more homes, to make them more affordable, to help with transit  systems in places like Atlanta and Denver and Cleveland, and to look  out, especially, to help small banks and communities. That is why we  are going to hold Wall Street accountable.   I want to see more rural small businesses get loans and grow and be  successful. We are not going to let the banking lobby stand in the way,  as it all too often has.   I hope my colleagues will stand up for small businesses, will stand  up for entrepreneurs, and will vote no on this resolution.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   