 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I cannot believe I am up here having this  debate, particularly at this critical time for our military--$1.4  billion in 2022 for money spent on diversity, equity, and inclusion.   A woke military is a weak military. The military's sole purpose is to  provide for the defense of our great Nation. Our military's focus  should be the protection of the American people and our freedoms, not  liberal feelings.   Therefore, my amendment would eliminate any offices of diversity,  equity, and inclusion in the Armed Forces and the Department of  Defense.   Woke ideology undermines our readiness in a variety of ways. It  undermines cohesiveness by emphasizing differences based on race,  ethnicity, and sex.   We recently had 160 retired flag officers write a letter to Speaker  McCarthy and House Armed Services Committee Chair Rogers about the  dangers of DEI and the opposition to it in the military.   The officers wrote: ``We respectfully request that Congress, pursuant  to its constitutional powers `to raise and support Armies' and `to  provide and maintain a Navy,' take legislative action to remove all  diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) programs from the Department of  Defense.''   Another one: ``Our military must be laser focused on one mission:  readiness, undiminished by the culture war engulfing our country.''   DEI is dividing, not unifying, our military and society.   Another one: ``We have fought for our Nation and are sounding the  alarm that DEI poses a grave danger to our military warfighting ethos  and is degrading warfighting readiness. Social engineering, commonly  called wokeism, has no place in our military.''   Finally: These indoctrination programs differentiate servicemembers  along racial and gender lines, which runs completely counter to the  military imperative to build cohesiveness based on common loyalties,  training, and standards.   What is more, the Army missed its recruitment target by 25 percent in  2022 at this critical time in the history of this great Republic. This  is a Bud Light level of failure.   Mr. Chair, I urge that this amendment be adopted in light of an  administration that has completely left our Nation vulnerable.   President Biden told a group of overseas Air Force airmen that the  Joint Chiefs of Staff had determined that the greatest threat facing  America was global warming, a claim that the Joint Chiefs had to walk  back.   He didn't mention Russia. He didn't mention China. He didn't mention  the threat of the debt that has engulfed this country. He mentioned  global warming.   As I mentioned, the DOD spent $1.4 billion on their equity action  plan. That is money we don't have, and it just adds to the national  debt.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, this is just more liberal gibberish. $1.4  billion? Sir, you tell these young people behind me, you tell them  instead of building ships, instead of building airplanes, instead of  protecting cybersecurity, you are going to really pay for transgender  operations. Hogwash.   You try to make that case to anybody in this room, and they would  laugh--well, it is so serious, they wouldn't laugh.   Let me tell you some other things that I am sick and tired of-- feelings. Talk to the military Gold Star mothers who have lost their  children. Tell them what you just said on this House floor.   An Admiral told midshipmen at the Naval Academy that they need to  read ``How to Be an Antiracist,'' a book that teaches the only remedy  to pass discrimination.   Another one. Military recruitment videos in recent years have touted  the military's inclusivity to LGBT members. They use a rainbow flag.   Enough is enough. Americans are tired of this. Why do you think there  is a shortage of people entering the military who have to put up with  this kind of thinking?   For this reason, we shouldn't even be wasting our time debating this  thing, but it is what it is. Thanks to the Biden administration and  their anti-military and anti-readiness, it is a time in America that we  are in severe danger economically and security-wise.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, again, like the other amendment I have, I  cannot believe we are sitting here debating this.   What my amendment does is prohibits provisions of gender transition  procedures, including surgery or medication, through the Exceptional  Family Member Program.   Let me tell you what the Exceptional Family Member Program is. It  provides resources to military families with special needs.   This program is designed for military spouses, children, and other  dependent family members who require ongoing medical educational  services such as individuals with autism, asthma, chronic respiratory  illnesses, Down syndrome, and many others.   The military has tried to politicize this matter, and my amendment  ensures that we reserve the valuable programs and the dollars for these  programs, which would go toward the intent of what it was put in for in  the first place, which is to help families with special needs and  prevent the further dissolution and misguided dollars spent on  something like gender transition procedures.   My amendment also prohibits the change of duty station simply for the  purpose of providing a child with easier access to these procedures.   I urge adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, let me tell you the dollar amount spent for  the past 5 years--$15 million. That is $15 million for surgery for a  man who can't  [[Page H4617]]  decide whether he is a man, or a girl who can't decide whether she is a  girl. Imagine that.   You tell those families that have children with Down syndrome, you  tell those families that have severely autistic children you are going  to spend it for changing genders?   I don't mind somebody questioning their gender but pay for it  yourself when you have to have it, not on the backs of our brave  military families.   In the past 5 years, $15 million was spent to treat 1,892 transgender  troops. Well, isn't that something? You want somebody who is trying to  decide if they are a man or a woman on the firing line?   Is that really a question to decide in the military? There was $11.5  million spent on psychotherapy and $3.1 million for surgeries.   The price tag for individuals getting this surgery and treatments  after have ranged from $8,000 to $100,000. Related healthcare coverage  is only going up.   My point is, I think, to make this argument, particularly with  dollars that could be spent helping meaningful children who have  disabilities should be made. To spend this money that we don't have  just really spits in the face of our military families.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Chair, I will just say that it is this kind of  thinking that has the military in a demoralized state.   It is this kind of thinking, this kind of rationalization of our  hard-earned tax money that has the military recruitment numbers way  down.   It is this kind of woke thinking that is penalizing families that  want to serve this country, families who have children with these  disabilities who need the care that they would deprive them of because  they want to fund somebody who doesn't know what gender they are.   It is this kind of thinking that America is sick and tired of. Ask  any military family, and they will tell you the same thing.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment reduces the salary of Kristie  Canegallo, Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, to $1.   A little background on who she is:   She has served as Chief of Staff at DHS since January 2022.   She recently took on the role of Deputy Secretary in July of this  year.   Her job is to oversee the agency and work to advance the Department's  mission and organizational priorities.   Her salary in 2022 was $183,100.   As stated, her job is to oversee and enforce the mission of DHS,  which is to safeguard the American people, our homeland, and our  values.   Dereliction of duty, as this is simply not the case.   She is the number two individual at DHS. Her job is to assist the  priorities of Mayorkas in securing our homeland, our values, and our  people. She has simply been asleep at the switch and has not done the  job.   Our homeland is less secure now than it was when she came into this  role. In her first year in her role at DHS, over 2.76 million illegal  individuals crossed the border. These were just the ones that they came  in contact with.   In addition, 1.4 million individuals have been encountered, according  to DHS, since January 1 of 2023.   We are witnessing an invasion of our homeland before our very eyes,  and my Democratic colleagues are acting like it is a normal Wednesday  with business as usual.   Is this effective leadership? No, it is not. This is a crisis in this  country. This is an invasion. It is against our Constitution. It is  against our core values that this country was built on.   Thus, that is the reason I am asking to cut the salary to $1, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, as we look at the challenges this country  faces, we look at the reasons why our border is unsecure, why our  national security is at risk, and it is because of the inaction of  people in prominent roles such as Ms. Canegallo.   The only reason that she is in the job is for political reasons,  which is to keep the power of the Democratic Party.   These illegals are getting drivers' licenses, they are getting Social  Security numbers, and it is completely against everything that this  country stands for.   For that reason, I hope Members will support this.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, this amendment reduces the salary of  Kimberly O'Connor, executive secretary of the Department of Homeland  Security, to $1.   Her role is executive secretary of DHS where she oversees the  management of written communication intended for and originated by the  Secretary and the Deputy Secretary of DHS.   Why should we implement the Holman rule regarding her salary? She  cosigned a letter led by the House Oversight Committee from November 2,  2022, to Secretary Mayorkas about the abject failures at the southern  border.   In her letter it was stated that: We have written DHS 15 times this  Congress to conduct oversight over the border crisis. Again, we request  documents and information to understand the Biden administration's  plans, if any, to secure the border.   Her role is to manage written correspondence for Mayorkas. She can't  bother to do her job and give timely and adequate responses about the  abject failures at the border, so why do our tax dollars deserve to go  to pay her salary?   She continues to not give the committee and Members answers to their  questions. Failure to get us answers from DHS on the border is  unacceptable, and it is creating a crisis at the border.   Madam Chair, I urge the cutting of her salary, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I urge that her salary be cut, and I yield  back the balance of my time.  [[Page H4706]]     Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment reduces the salary of Blas  Nunez-Neto, assistant secretary for border and immigration policy, to  $1.   He has worked at DHS since 2021. He served as an assistant secretary  for border and immigration policy.   The reason to implement the Holman rule to reduce his salary is  dereliction of duty to uphold the mission of DHS, to safeguard the  American people, our homeland, and our values.   The border and our homeland have become less secure in his capacity  of border policy at DHS.   Considering these facts of the crisis and invasion at our border, we  think this individual is inadequately doing his job. Why should our tax  dollars continue to pay him?   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I urge the reduction of the salary of this  individual to secure our borders, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   