 Mr. Chair, when Ronald Reagan stood in front of the  Berlin Wall and said, ``Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall,'' he did so  not because we were in opposition to just the Soviet Union and  Russians. He did so because we were in opposition to authoritarianism.  We were in opposition to communism.   Now, that wall fell, but it didn't fall because the Soviet Union took  it down. It fell because they merely didn't shoot the people who were  doing so. When it fell as a result of Ronald Reagan's words and a call  to the world, the line between authoritarianism and democracy marched  all the way to the border of Russia.   Right now today, Putin has told us straight up he wants to move the  line of authoritarianism back. He wants to reclaim that land, not just  Ukraine, but Poland, Romania, Latvia, Lithuania, eastern Europe, and  the Baltics.   We must support democracy or freedom. If we don't, ours is at risk.  Ronald Reagan's words are meaningless if we allow Russia to reestablish  authoritarianism and move that line of democracy back to where the  Soviet Union had claimed eastern Europe and had imposed  authoritarianism on people's lives.   This is not just an American mission. The world is with us.  Democracies are with us. This chart shows the amount of contribution of  the total aggregate of all aid. This is up on my official website, by  the way. If you click on ``Ukraine,'' you will see these, along with a  report that verifies this information. The United States is not the  major contributor of total aid.   What is more important, when you get to military aid, the United  States is less than half of all military aid. The world's democracies  are standing against Russia for democracy, against authoritarianism,  and the United States, the light of the world for democracy, needs to  be there and needs to support the Ukrainian people against these  atrocities.   If you go to my website, you will see the documentation that supports  this. We are $42 billion. Our democracy allies are over $50 billion. We  need to stay in the fight by supplying Ukrainians the weapons that they  need for  [[Page H4773]]  them to be in the fight, the fight for democracy.   