 Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to the Perry  amendment. This amendment would cut $150 million in Federal capital  funding for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority.   The Perry amendment would undermine a successful Federal-State-local  partnership which provides Metro with $150 million in Federal funding  for urgent capital projects. This funding is matched 100 percent with  $150 million from Metro compact members, Virginia, Maryland, and  Washington, D.C. The $300 million annual investment is critical to  improving the safety and reliability of the system.   Continued bipartisan support for America's transit agency will ensure  WMATA progress on restoring aging infrastructure and maintaining a safe  and reliable system for visitors from across the United States.   This annual capital funding program was created by Republican  Congressman Tom Davis as part of the Passenger Rail Investment and  Improvement Act. This program has received  [[Page H5460]]  broad bipartisan support for more than a decade, and the bipartisan  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act reauthorized the program until  2030.   Funding for the Federal Government's FY 2024 contribution to Metro is  included in this bill on the House floor this week and was in the T-HUD  bill that recently passed the Senate by a vote of 82-15.   The funding enjoys such consistent and longstanding support in  Congress because the Federal Government is both a stakeholder in the  system and a chief beneficiary of this annual capital funding  contribution.   Metro is a $40 billion asset to the national capital region and is  essential to the operation of the Federal Government. More than one- third of all Metro stations are located on Federal property serving  Federal facilities.   Unlike other transportation networks in the Nation, the Metro system  serves a distinct vital national security role for the Federal  Government, providing transportation to the Pentagon, Homeland  Security, and the FBI offices. Metro transports thousands of Federal  employees to work each day, and that number is increasing as Metro  helps Federal agencies increase in-person work.   Metro recently saw its highest rate of Federal employee ridership  since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic.   