 Mr. President, reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I rise today to support my friend, my  colleague Senator Tommy Tuberville as he continues to do the right  thing, to do justice, as he continues this fight against the radical  pro-abortion policies put in place by the Defense Department earlier  this year.   And I remind everybody that this is a fight the Department of Defense  picked. We didn't pick this fight. They picked this fight. They are the  ones who decided to change their policies to break the law.   This February 16 policy provides military personnel 3 weeks of paid  leave and uses taxpayer dollars for travel expenses incurred while  seeking an abortion--a clear violation of the Hyde amendment.   The policy is illegal. It violates Federal law, prohibiting funds to  the DOD from being used to perform abortions except where the life of  the mother is endangered, rape, or incest.   This policy takes the number of the Department of Defense abortions  from less than 20 per year to an estimated 4,500 abortions.   The policy also describes abortion as reproductive healthcare. And I  think that is the true issue here. You know, as an obstetrician, I am  often asked two questions: When does life begin? What was the favorite  part of a pregnancy for me?   I want to talk about the pregnancy for a second. I took care of  hundreds, maybe thousands, of infertile couples, and, certainly, that  first time when they had a pregnancy test that was positive was a great  moment for me to share with them.   Four weeks after conception, we can see a baby's heartbeat on the  ultrasound. That is another spectacular moment, for every couple to see  that little baby's heartbeat at 4 weeks after conception.   At 12 weeks, we could hear the baby's heartbeat on a doppler. And it  was one of the favorite moments for that mom and dad to hear that  baby's heartbeat, as well, especially those women who had recurrent  miscarriages, those who had lost life early repeatedly and, through  miracles and medicines, they were able to conceive and carry that  pregnancy. They get through the first trimester. They hear their baby's  heartbeat. They know they are pretty much out of the woods.   One of my favorite visits came at about 15 to 16 weeks after  conception. And the mom would come into my office, and I would ask her:  How are you feeling?   And the nausea and vomiting are now over with, and I would ask her:  Are you feeling the baby move yet?   And her eyes would light up. And she would say: Yes, Doctor. I can  feel the baby move now. Isn't that incredible?   So I always loved that.   And maybe the next visit--maybe, you know, at 18, 20 weeks along-- they would come into the room, and I would examine the mom and put my  hands on her abdomen. I could feel the baby's head and the baby's  buttocks and maybe the limbs. And I would see the baby kind of start to  move as I would kind of push on one spot. And maybe there was a little  brother or sister in the room as well. And I would listen to the  heartbeat. And almost every time that brother or sister would screech  out: Mommy, is that my baby brother or sister?   This is at 18 weeks.   And, then, what was miraculous of all of this is that little baby,  that fetus--the baby inside of the mom, the unborn baby--you could hear  the heartbeat increase. You could hear it increase in intensity and the  rate, recognizing this baby brother or sister's voice.   The rest of the pregnancy, you know, maybe there was another 6 or 8  visits, and they were all fun, and they were all special.   I delivered a baby almost every day of my life for 25 years, and  every labor was different. It was touchy; it was hard; it was easy--all  those things. We had prolapsed cords, placentas separate, women with  blood pressure problems seizing. I was blessed. I never lost a mom-- never lost a mom. God blessed us and gave me the skill to get them  through that.   Some labors were short, and some were long. Some lasted 30 minutes,  and some lasted 2 days. Sometimes they would push for 2 minutes, and  sometimes a woman would push for 3 hours. But my favorite moment of  every pregnancy was delivering the baby and rubbing it down, and I  would be checking its pulse and its heart rate and see if it was  breathing and making sure it was dry and quietly praying to myself for  this newborn baby until I heard it start crying.   The favorite moment was giving that newborn baby to that mom and just  watching her and observe her and just being able to watch that total  nonjudgmental love of a mom for a newborn baby.   I take it backward from there and talk about when life begins. There  are those people in this Congress that, even after a baby would survive  abortion, they think that baby should not be treated and cared for.  Certainly, I believe life certainly begins when the baby survives an  abortion, and it is past the point of viability. We should do  everything we can to help that baby out.   You know, you go backward. Viability is probably 20, 21 weeks--21  weeks probably today. Does life begin at 21 weeks? If that baby was  born outside the womb, would it survive? At 21 weeks, it has a chance.  I think most of us certainly agree life begins then. What about 18  weeks when that baby recognizes its brother's or sister's voice or at  16 weeks when mom can feel the baby move or at 12 weeks when we can  hear the heartbeat or 6 weeks when we can see the heartbeat? Well,  after years of study and doing this, I just--my heart tells me life  begins at conception, and no one has been able to prove me wrong. I  think we have to assume life begins at conception.   That is why it is so struggling for me to hear people calling  abortionists reproductive healthcare. Reproductive healthcare, to me,  means helping patients who can't conceive, helping moms to have a  healthy pregnancy, getting them--taking folic acid a year before they  are trying to conceive, making sure they are doing everything they can  to prevent spina bifida or encephalic babies, getting their sugars  under control--all those things. That is what reproductive healthcare  means to me, not taking the life of a baby.   Labeling abortion as ``healthcare'' is a tactic that is used to avert  the radical abortion agenda. This irresponsible and unethical scheme  politicizes our doctors' offices and, in almost all cases, does not  improve women's health.   I am sorely disappointed in the military that I once served in, that  my dad served, my uncle served, my great uncles, my mom's dad, my mom's  uncle who died in World War II, my son who is now serving. I am  disappointed in the military. It turned its attention and resources to  terminating life.   I want to remind the Department of Defense they exist to protect the  citizens of this great Nation, not to push a radical abortion agenda;  that they took an oath to the Constitution to defend this country. Why  are they picking this fight to end the lives of unborn babies? It is  morally wrong; it is illegal; and the Pentagon needs to be held  accountable.   The Biden administration has created the most politicalized Pentagon  in  [[Page S1834]]  history, destroying their own morality, destroying recruiting,  destroying the readiness of our military. Unelected bureaucrats cannot  ignore Congress and change the law with a memo. This policy is outside  the Department of Defense's mission to uphold and fight for life, not  destroy it.   I am honored to stand up here and support my colleague Senator  Tuberville to fight back against this outrageous abortion policy, both  in the name of protecting life and ensuring that our military uses  resources to protect our homeland and our interests abroad. The policy  is wrong. The DOD's policy is wrong, and until the military gets back  to providing for our common defense and out of the business of  providing abortions, I am proud to stand with Senator Tuberville.   Madam President, I object and yield back.   