 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am glad to be here tonight with the  Presiding Officer, a Member of this body who probably, more than most,  understands the consequences of this government shutdown. Of the,  maybe, 100 people in this body and of the 435 people in the House of  Representatives, I would be surprised if there were somebody among us  who would be less likely to close the government down over politics  than the Presiding Officer from the Commonwealth of Virginia, because  he knows how important it is, among other people, to the dedicated  public servants who live in his State and work for the Federal  Government.   Tonight, I wanted to come to the floor to talk about a group of men  and women who most people serving in this Chamber know very little  about--or they may know nothing about. They are men and women whose  livelihoods are at stake and are being held hostage by a small band of  extremists dead set on shutting down the government for their own  political purposes. And these are America's Federal wildland  firefighters.   This is a photo of Federal wildland firefighters who are responding  to the Pine Gulch Fire in Colorado. The picture, in many ways, sort of  says it all. One of the things it says is neither you nor I nor anybody  on this floor really could fully imagine or describe what it must be  like to do this work.   I can't imagine parachuting through yellow skies that can't allow you  to see where the ground is and dropping down in the total wilderness. I  would be very surprised if anybody in this Chamber could comprehend  what it must be like to hear nothing but the roar of chain saws and  crackling brush all around you while tankers and helicopters overhead  on top of you dump blood-red retardant and water to suppress the flames  or what it is like to carry enough food to sustain you for days at a  time.   There is nobody who is going to come feed you, and you have axes and  water and a sleeping bag all on your back, in a pack that is just made  heavier by unrelenting smoke and unrelenting fire. You are doing the  heartbreaking work of slashing away at brush and small trees. I am  sorry--the backbreaking work. It is probably heartbreaking sometimes.  You are doing the backbreaking work of slashing away at brush and small  trees; using gasoline for a roaring wildfire; and making a fire line  until you get to mineral soil. I don't know about any of that.   I can't imagine the flood of relief, after 16 hours of grueling work,  getting back to the ``black.'' That is the area that has already been  burned, and that is a sign that, finally, after those 16 hours--or  however many hours those are--you are in a safe spot. And for all of  that effort, you are making $15 an hour--less than somebody could make  at Subway or at another fast-food restaurant.   I never have lived in my car as a price of doing the job that I was  asked to do, sleeping cramped in the back seat after a 16-hour day  because you can't afford a place to live--or the  [[Page S4747]]  loneliness of being without your wife and kids for months and months at  a time while working on a fire. I don't know how it must feel to work  1,000 hours of overtime every year for your country and know that your  family is still on food stamps because, no matter how hard you work,  you can't make enough money to put food on the table for your family. I  don't know what that feels like, but that is the reality for America's  wildland firefighters.   Helicopter rappellers and engine operators and handcrews and hotshots  and smokejumpers make up wildland firefighting crews. These men and  women parachute into fire. They walk into fire. They drive into fire.   There is a picture of a smokejumper parachuting through smoke. You  can probably barely see it, but it gives you the sense of the danger of  it. These are highly trained experts in their field. Believe it. Take  it from me that they are in peak physical condition.   In the last few decades, the wildfire season has extended and  extended and extended by over 70 days. It is common for politicians to  say we don't have a wildfire season anymore; it is all year round. But  the reality for these workers is that they are having to work those  fires all year round. And the fires have become increasingly intense.  If you talk to people who have had to fight them on the ground, there  are people who have been doing this--believe it or not--for 25 years,  for 30 years. They have seen what it used to look like and what it  looks like now. They can tell you the intensity has changed because of  climate change and because of the historic drought that we face.   By the way, it is important for this body to understand that this is  not just in the West. We have, obviously, been beset by fires and by  drought in the West; but right now, while we are here, there are  wildfires in Louisiana. We have seen the total destruction--the  tragedy--of Maui. Even New Jersey this year has seen wildfires. They  have been ravaged by them in that State.    I heard a firefighter say to me the other day that the wildland  firefighters are like the Swiss Army knives of first responders because  in the off season, they support hurricane relief efforts in the South.  They administered vaccines at the peak of the COVID epidemic. They even  helped with the space shuttle recovery.   Two years ago during the infrastructure bill, as part of a  recognition that the drought was creating a huge problem for us in the  West, we made things a little better for our wildland firefighters. The  bipartisan infrastructure law provided over 20,000 wildland  firefighters a temporary pay raise, and that has been a godsend for  them. By the way, it is only bringing them up to--I mean, it is barely  what they should make, but, at least, you can make it on what we are  paying them now. But that money is fast expiring, and this lifeline is  almost gone. You know, for them, it meant that skilled firefighters  were able to remain in the profession who might have otherwise quit.   By the way, when you ask them about that, the reason they have stayed  is because they have such a sense of mission. That is part of it. They  also know that they don't know who would replace them. Who would take  their job? Who would walk in their shoes who is, you know, making the  kind of money that they are making? But they finally had a sense that  maybe the Nation was recognizing their work and that they could, at  least, provide for their families.   On Friday, I met with a group of wildland firefighters in Grand  Junction, CO, who shared their stories with me. I would encourage every  Member of this body to do the same. They described being so  disconnected from their families and friends during fire season that  they feared they would lose them. They feared slipping into deep  depression because of the grueling nature of the work and the months  spent away from home. We talked about riding a bike back and forth to  work because they couldn't afford to maintain a car; the feelings of  having your passion for your job--remember, these are people who are,  in theory, you know, inspired by the sunset--having your passion for  your job exploited by the Federal Government which knows you will show  up because you love the job even without getting the pay you deserve  year after year, fire after fire after fire; grappling with the trauma  of seeing other people's homes burn to the ground and losing crew  members in the line of duty.   One crew leader in Colorado told me she had lost three firefighters  to suicide. Another just lost a friend to cancer likely due to smoke  inhalation. Wildland firefighters are 10 to 20 times more likely to  commit suicide than the average American, and they face a 43-percent  increased risk for developing cancer.   A firefighter told me: None of us wants to be millionaires. We just  want to do good work, the work that we love.   These are the men and women saving lives. These are the men and women  saving homes and defending the 640 million acres--thank God--of  America's public lands.   The failure of Congress to act has forced talented firefighters to  leave the profession, which is the last thing they want to do. It is  going to cost us the next generation of wildland firefighters who are  needed more than ever because of climate change and what it is doing to  the West and fire seasons all across this country.   Really importantly, the continuing resolution that you support and  that I support--that we have passed miraculously with almost 80 votes  in the Senate, showing the broad bipartisan support there is all across  this country for keeping our government open--will extend their pay by  a couple of paychecks. That is really important. But I am here to say  that our wildland firefighters need a permanent raise.   Something we could do today is to pass the Wildland Firefighter  Paycheck Protection Act to permanently extend the pay increase in the  bipartisan infrastructure law. Believe me, that is the least we could  do for these men and women. We owe our wildland firefighters so much  more than just fair pay. They deserve paid leave, housing benefits, and  mental health care. That is why I have introduced Tim's Act with  Congressman Neguse, who is also my colleague from Colorado, which would  provide all of that and ensure that every wildland firefighter makes at  least $20 an hour. That doesn't seem unreasonable. Our bill is named  for Tim Hart, a smokejumper who lost his life after parachuting into a  wildland fire in New Mexico.   This is a photo of Tim Hart.   I have been fortunate--more fortunate than you can imagine--to meet  Michelle, Tim's wife, who is upholding his legacy through her  relentless support of what she calls ``Tim's fire family.'' And that is  what I meant the other day, was a family. That is what anybody here--if  you had been here or had been in Grand Junction--would have thought.  And Michelle has been kind enough to share a bit about Tim with me.   Tim was a practical joker. He loved a glass of rye whiskey neat, and  he loved Halloween. But mostly, he loved his calling. He loved his  passion, being a wildland firefighter.   Every year he would consider it all worth it: the bad pay, sleeping  out of his truck, leaving Michelle to put his life at risk. And every  year, the answer was yes. Every year, the answer was, yes, it is worth  it.   He answered yes for his country, his brothers and sisters in fire,  and for his love of our Nation's landscape.   These firefighters are much more than the blazes that they battle,  and the least we could do is pay them a living wage.   As I mentioned, there is a saying among wildland firefighters, which  is, ``They pay us in sunsets.'' I am here today to tell you that is not  enough. It is not enough.   It is this country's duty to support these men and women, our  Nation's duty to support these firefighters who are defending us. There  is nobody else who is going to step into the breach if we lose them.  Someday, there will be somebody who is coming to this floor, standing  here from the State of Colorado or maybe the Commonwealth of Virginia  who is going to say: If only we had done it differently back then.   We need to keep this government open. The Nation depends on it. We  need to permanently raise wildland firefighter pay. And after we do  that, I hope we will come together to pass Tim's Act to give our  wildland firefighters just a little bit of what they finally deserve.  [[Page S4748]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   