 Reserving the right to object.   The Senator from Colorado may have good intentions, Madam President,  but he is wrong on the facts.   I am holding the DOD nominations because the Secretary of Defense is  trying to push through a massive expansion of taxpayer-subsidized  abortions without going through this body, without going through  Congress.   Three months ago, I informed Secretary Austin that if he tried to  turn the DOD into an abortion travel agency, I would place a hold on  all civilian flag and general officer nominees. Other than a couple of  calls to my staff to ask whether I was serious, the DOD leadership has  yet to call me directly and justify this action. In fact, they have not  explained this decision to Congress despite multiple letters, more than  a dozen from my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee.   Secretary Austin's new abortion policy is immoral and, arguably,  illegal. If he wants to change the law, he needs to go through  Congress.   The DOD refused to answer questions or justify this policy for months  last year. When they finally answered our questions after another  nominee hold, the policy was exposed for what it really is: nothing but  a political charade to appease the left. These holds have no real  impact on military readiness or operation. The military wasting time  and resources to coordinate abortion trips hurts readiness, not the  Senate using regular order to vote on nominees.   If my colleague cared about military readiness, maybe we would go  after more of the ridiculous policies that have led to our lowest--our  lowest--recruiting numbers in decades. But my hold does send a message  that the Secretary is not--and I repeat--not above the law, and he  cannot ignore lawmakers who are demanding his organization abide by the  law.   I object, and I will continue to object to any nominees as long as  this illegal new abortion policy is in place. I am holding the military  accountable. Others are holding our national security hostage by  forcing their agenda where it doesn't belong.   Americans want a military focused on a national defense. And that is  what I am fighting for. For these reasons, I object.    Mr. President, I think we got a little offtrack here.   In getting back to the objection a little bit, I don't think there is  anybody here who said it has anything to do with doing away with  abortion. The Department of Defense has had, for years, a policy about  abortion in the military. My problem is, they have changed it. And the  last time I looked, the people who make the laws are not on the Supreme  Court and not in the Pentagon--it is this place right here. We make the  laws. They have done abortions for years in the military for rape,  incest, and harm to the mom--through health. They want to change this  to where a third party has said thousands and thousands would start  getting abortions and not just military personnel but also their  dependents.   This is about who is paying for this. The American taxpayers  shouldn't be told they have to pay for abortions. That is not the way  it is written. The military should not be paying for abortions. So, as  we got offtrack there a little bit about what we were talking about, we  are talking about a new policy based not on facts but on conjecture  from the Department of Defense that they are going to do it on their  own without coming through this body.   Now a little bit about SPACECOM, as the good Senator from Colorado  brought up.   You know, it is unfortunate that Members from States that weren't  really even running for SPACECOM headquarters are trying to tack on  completely unrelated political issues to a fact-based decision.  SPACECOM's and the DOD's abortion policies have nothing to do with each  other. I don't recall abortion being part of the Air Force's selection  process a couple of years ago when they called me and said: Coach, we  are going to put SPACECOM in Huntsville, AL. The decision to put  SPACECOM in Huntsville was based on facts and facts alone and evidence  of what was best for the military and for our country and our national  defense. That is the reason they chose it. That decision was then  reconfirmed by multiple independent studies over the last couple of  years.   The DOD's inspector general and the GAO confirmed that Huntsville was  the No. 1 location for SPACECOM based on things like workforce,  existing infrastructure, education, and the cost of living. Redstone  Arsenal in Huntsville is, far and away, the best place for SPACECOM.  This is not my opinion. It is fact. It is fact from several studies.  Attempts to change that with progressive talking points are shameful  and purely political. It is really a shame.   I yield the floor.   