 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my legislation to end  Joe Biden's COVID-19 vaccine mandate for our Nation's healthcare  workers.   We have had a lot of debate and conversation, and we have learned a  lot about COVID since 2020. I am proud to continue our work from last  Congress to end this mandate, and I will not stop leading the charge  until this requirement is lifted.   No American should be forced to choose between receiving a COVID shot  or losing their livelihood. But CMS uses the purse strings of forced  policies on healthcare systems. I have serious concerns regarding the  practicality, efficacy, and morality of a vaccine mandate for  healthcare providers.   The CMS mandate is one of the strictest mandates the Biden  administration has implemented. With few permissible exceptions for  healthcare workers, this mandate has only created resentment and  distrust toward the government and loss of jobs, nursing jobs, CNA  jobs, often replaced with traveling nurses being paid a higher rate, a  higher cost for the taxpayers and the hospitals.   Joe Biden's draconian vaccine mandate is unscientific, un-American,  and is deeply damaging to healthcare workers as we already face a  nationwide shortage.   CMS's one-size-fits-all vaccine mandate exacerbates the ongoing  staffing shortage by limiting the ability of healthcare providers to  make important accommodations and set standards for their employees  based on their staffing needs.   No American should stand for this type of authoritarianism that is a  detriment to our healthcare system.   Last night, the Biden administration threatened to veto this  legislation. The administration went on and on about protecting  individuals from COVID-19, but there was no mention that the COVID-19  vaccine prevents transmission. That is because the CDC has confirmed  that the shot does not prevent transmission.   Let's follow the science here and allow individuals to make choices  for themselves.   I encourage my colleagues to support my legislation, the Freedom for  Health Care Workers Act, and give medical freedom back to our Nation's  healthcare workers and let them get back to work.   