 Madam President, the Senate will soon vote on the  Congressional Review Act, a resolution of disapproval to overturn  President Biden's newest student loan scheme.   Just like President Biden's original student debt cancellation  scheme, this IDR does not forgive debt. It transfers the burden of $559  billion in Federal student loans to the 87 percent of Americans who  don't have student loans, who chose not to go to college, or who  already responsibly paid off their debts.   I want to emphasize this point. There is much said in this Chamber  about those who do less well and the implication that a policy like  this would benefit those who do less well. This benefits folks-- couples--who make over $400,000. They went to college precisely to get  a degree to earn more money, and many of them are earning more money.  And this forgives--no, it doesn't forgive their debt. It transfers  their debt to someone who never went; someone--he and his wife, she and  her husband who are making $65,000 a year. They are going to have to  pick up the slack for a couple making over $400,000.   This is not a benefit for those who are less well-off. This is a  benefit--a political payout--to folks who have done quite well  precisely because they went to college.   Under this rule, a majority of bachelor's degree student loan  borrowers will not be expected to pay back even the principal. Ninety- one percent of new student loan debt will be eligible for reduced  payments subsidized by the taxpayers. Where is the forgiveness for the  guy who didn't go to college but is working to pay off the loan on a  truck he takes to work? What about the woman who paid off her student  loans and bought a less expensive home but is now struggling to afford  the mortgage that she has? Is the administration providing them relief?  No, of course not. Instead, the administration would have them not only  pay their bills but the bills of those who decided to go to college in  order to make more money or who made a decision not to pay back their  student loans so they could buy a bigger house.   This is irresponsible. It is deeply unfair.   Aside from being unfair, this student loan cancellation scheme does  not address the root cause that created the debt in the first place.  For example, President Biden's policy does not hold colleges or  universities accountable for rising costs. In the last 30 years,  tuitions and fees have jumped at private nonprofit colleges--nonprofit  colleges--by 80 percent. At public 4-year institutions, they jumped 124  percent.   College is one of the largest financial investments many Americans  make, but there is little information for the student and her family to  know that they are making the right decision for where they are  attending or the amount they are borrowing. So my Republican colleagues  and I recently introduced the Lowering Education Cost and Debt Act, a  package of five bills aimed at directly addressing the issues driving  skyrocketing costs of higher education and the increasing amounts of  debts students take on to attend school.   By the way, some of these bills are by themselves. It is in a  package, but you divide them out. Some of them are bipartisan in  support and in sponsorship.   Our legislation puts downward pressure on tuition, empowers students  to make the educational decisions that put them on track to succeed  both academically and financially. We are providing solutions for  students and working to solve the student debt crisis--not a bandaid  that merely transfers the debt to someone else, someone who is  oftentimes poor, less financially well-off, than the person who no  longer has the responsibility to pay back the loan.   President Biden's student loan scheme is not a fix. It appears to be  a politically motivated giveaway, forcing taxpayers to shoulder the  responsibility of paying off someone else's debt. We need real  leadership to address the issue.   I close by encouraging all my colleagues to join me in voting to pass  this Congressional Review Act resolution to prevent this unfair student  debt cancellation scheme--unfair to the hundreds of millions of  Americans who will bear the burden of paying off hundreds of billions  of dollars of someone else's student loan, a student loan they took to  make more money than almost all of those other people.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask for consent that the vote begin  now.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   