 Mr. Chairman, this bill continues the long, proud  tradition of bipartisan work by the Tactical Air and Land Forces  Subcommittee, and it is the result of our commitment to work through  and share responsibility on these tough decisions necessary to manage  our Nation's military risk.   I especially want to thank my chairman, Chairman  Rob Wittman, and  his staff for their support in building this strong bipartisan bill.   Mr. Chairman, this bill carefully addresses affordability and  achievability of the current and future modernization needs of our  force. At the same time, this bill continues the oversight necessary to  ensure accountability and responsible execution of DOD programs,  including:   Tactical strike-fighter and rotary-wing aircraft programs to improve  program management, reduce operational risk, remedy deficiencies, and  support sufficient capability and capacity to meet current and future  requirements;   The Department's manned and unmanned intelligence, surveillance, and  reconnaissance aircraft and how we are meeting global requirements for  these systems that we have invested in; and   Careful watch over the Army's ambitious modernization strategy and  the Marine Corps' Force Design 2030 with its supporting modernization  priorities.   Critically important for the United States, as well as for our  friends and allies around the world, this bill continues what we  started 4 years ago--before the beginning of the Ukrainian war--to  identify and buy down modernization and safety risks in our munitions  industrial base.   Mr. Chairman, this bill also includes language from the Military  Industrial National Defense Supply Act, the MINDS Act, a bill that I  introduced earlier this year, that talks about, once again, making sure  that we collectively are working together. Additionally, this year,  along with our most trusted allies and international partners, we are  ensuring the security of our supply chain.   The world has changed, Mr. Chairman, and now the United States and  its allies are truly an arsenal of democracies. This legislation,  therefore, will help stabilize America's defense industrial base  production and increase the security of both America and our allies'  critical supply chains.   Finally, I thank the subcommittee's professional staff: Jay, Dave,  Heath, Michael, and Max, and certainly the personal staff of my office  who helped put this together to make this bill truly a functional,  bipartisan bill. I urge its support.   