 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this is sort of a continuation of my friend  Mr. Hill's amendment and Mr. Barr's, and other amendments that we have  talked about today, which is really about whether we are going to allow  the largest state funder of terrorism to continue to have access to  hard dollars and continue to have access to the capital that is funding  groups like Hamas, Hezbollah, and Palestine Islamic Jihad.   Mr. Chair, the deadly terror attacks of October 7 made one thing  abundantly clear: The United States cannot continue to allow the  Iranian regime access to funding that, in turn, could be used against  our allies and even American citizens.   I am pleased to offer this amendment today, and I hope it will  receive bipartisan support because a very similar amendment, Mr. Chair,  received a voice vote in 2016 right along these lines.   Last month's barbaric attack against our friends and allies in Israel  was a powerful reminder of the dangers posed by Hamas and others.   By the way, Hamas, receives 93 percent of their total funding from  Tehran. As we mentioned, Tehran and Iran, being the world's leading  state sponsor of terrorism, must be cut off from their ability to wage  hostilities abroad.   As far-reaching as our Iranian sanctions are, it may surprise some of  my colleagues that we have not actually closed all the financing  loopholes. The administration still enjoys significant discretion to  permit trade and financial services with these bad actors even if it  has nothing to do with humanitarian purposes. My amendment would change  this.   Under Executive Order No. 13902, the Trump administration made the  construction, mining, manufacturing, and textile sectors of the Iranian  economy subject to U.S. sanctions, in addition to sanctions in place,  many going back to the 2012 NDAA. The Treasury Department later added  the financial sector to this group, blacklisting 18 Iranian banks in  October 2020. At the same time, the Treasury's Office of Foreign Asset  Control, also known as OFAC, retains broad discretion to license  transactions with sanctioned Iranians.   Under the Obama administration's nuclear deal, for example, Treasury  licensed aircraft sales to Iran Air, which had previously been  sanctioned for providing support to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard  Corps, also known as the IRGC, and to the Defense Ministry.   An amendment to the FSGG appropriations bill to prohibit these  licenses was adopted by the House in 2016 by voice vote.   We must not let licenses undermine sanctions under these executive  orders, which is why my amendment would prohibit them if they allow  Iran to use the U.S. financial system. It is that simple.   The attack on Israel has underscored how we cannot become complacent  when it comes to blocking Iran from the goods, technology, and hard  currency it needs to fund terrorist groups, such as Hamas, Hezbollah,  Palestine Islamic Jihad, and many others.   In addition to being the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism,  Iran has been designated by Treasury as a jurisdiction of primary  laundering concern.   Mr. Hill just referenced in his amendment that Treasury does have the  ability to put these jurisdictions on money laundering, but they have  rescinded that, Mr. Chair. They allow these exemptions.  [[Page H5624]]    That is why Mr. Hill's amendment, my amendment, and other amendments  are trying to narrow that down and tighten that down. Clearly, we  should shield our financial institutions from contact with the country  to the fullest extent possible.   Now, let me address potential objections. Some might ask about  humanitarian aid under this measure.   My amendment does nothing--let me repeat, nothing--to affect existing  exemptions for agricultural commodities, food, medicine, or medical  devices. These exemptions have long been codified into our laws, and  this amendment does not change that. This is explicit in the text of  the amendment.   Mr. Chair, you may have heard and seen those media reports about  phantom false billing that might be happening or black market deals  where those goods and services are delivered and being misused and even  sold on the black market for that cash. That is another issue, and we  need to address that, but that is not what we are getting at here in  this one.   Others might ask whether this amendment could limit Treasury's  ability to license transactions as future ransom for hostages, for  example, or even as part of a new nuclear deal.    Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to vote for my  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   