 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, since this administration took office, the  average family of four is spending $1,200 more per month to buy the  exact same goods and services as compared to January 2021. That is an  almost $15,000 increase per year to the average family of four because  of excessive government spending that is driving devaluation of our  currency, thus inflation.   I grew up ranching. I still ranch. When you talk to farmers and  ranchers, they will tell you their biggest issue is the increase in the  input costs. Whether it is 4-point barbed-wire, T-posts, a feed truck,  a cake box, used tractors, everything is costing almost  [[Page H4532]]  twice what it did just a few years ago. The price of agriculture in  general is up 23 percent, the stats tell us, just in 2 years under this  administration.   To help America's farmers and ranchers, we need to get serious about  cutting government spending that is the root cause of inflation and  devaluation of our currency.   Right now, for every dollar that we are spending, about $6 trillion,  only 70 percent of it is paid for. We are charging 30 percent to our  kids and our grandkids, who want to inherit those farms and ranches.   My conservative colleagues and I are urging Congress to reduce  overall spending back to pre-COVID spending levels. The cut I am  proposing with this amendment is a modest 6.5 percent cut from the  underlying bill and funds the NRCS at a higher level even than they  were in fiscal year 2019.   I know NRCS programs. In my heavy equipment excavation business, I  built ponds. I have friends who work for the NRCS. I have gotten good  advice from the NRCS.   My question to my friends at the NRCS and my question to my friends  in the agricultural community: Can we not return to the pre-COVID  spending levels to give our kids and our grandkids a chance at the  blessing of liberty?   There is money within the NRCS that can be cut that is not even  conservation related. Like many agencies, the Biden administration is  using even the NRCS to carry out a leftist agenda, so absorption of  these cuts should start here.   The NRCS has an Equity Division whose mission is to advocate and  better align institutional equity into the work and practices of NRCS  programs and services.   The NRCS aims to meet or exceed President Biden's Justice40 goals.  Under the guise of environmental justice, the Justice40 Initiative goal  is to pick winners and losers. It aims to have 40 percent of benefits  flow to disadvantaged communities that are marginalized, underserved,  and overburdened by pollution.   The NRCS State offices, like Vermont, have created a lesbian, gay,  bisexual, and transgender special emphasis program manager position.  The NRCS also provides resources such as Pride calendars, pronouns in  the workplace guidance, and LGBTQ spotlights.   This is not the original mission of the NRCS. It demonstrates there  is excess within the agency.   I know this agency. I have benefited from it. Friends have benefited  from it. If we are going to be serious about giving our kids a chance,  we can't protect every program that we like from what has to be a  nation that starts living within its means. We have to begin somewhere.   Mr. Chair, this 6.5 percent cut is more than reasonable, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I had someone say to me one time that  governing should be pretty easy. However much government you want ought  to be the amount of government you are willing to pay for.   The problem is, on the Federal Government level, we are not paying  for it. We are asking our kids and our grandkids to pay for all of  this.   For every dollar we are spending right now, we are asking our  children to pick up 30 percent of the tab.   The question is: When will we start being responsible, looking out  for the blessing of liberty for our children and our grandkids?   This is a 6.5 percent reduction. The underlying bill, if adopted,  leaves $850 million in NRCS.   We are addicted to overspending in this Nation. Fiscal sanity is  crying out. Future generations are crying out to start somewhere. I am  asking my colleagues to start here with me.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, to reiterate what has often been said  this evening, we hit $33 trillion. It is the first time in our Nation's  history.   That means, as of today, every baby that is born in any hospital  around this country who opens their eyes and takes in their first  breath of air owes $98,000.   They are only going to pay it off through a lower standard of living  because of the selfishness of the generations before them.   If we continue at this rate of overspending, we are sacrificing their  future--make no mistake about that.   It is why my conservative colleagues and I are trying to rein in our  Federal spending and return to the pre-COVID spending levels. We have  to start cutting spending.   My amendment would eliminate the USDA rental assistance program,  which is 1 of 25 duplicative housing programs. I want to reiterate the  word ``duplicative''--duplicative housing programs, 25.   This amendment, if adopted, would save $1.6 billion. That is a real  number.   Today, the Federal Government subsidizes low-income families through  more than 25 duplicative housing programs consisting of projects,  vouchers, rental construction, financing, and  [[Page H4533]]  grants to State and local governments. It includes 20 different  entities administering 160 different programs, tax expenditures, and  other tools supporting homeownership and rental housing.   In 2021, the Federal Government spent over $57 billion on low-income  housing programs benefiting 9.3 million Americans. We have 333 million  Americans total in this Nation.   This particular program represents only about 2.8 percent of Federal  housing assistance programs. This duplicative program should be rolled  into the Department of Housing and Urban Development to improve  efficiency.   In 2012 and 2016 reports, the Government Accountability Office  recommended consolidating many of these duplicative programs. That is  why, in 2018, OMB under President Trump proposed removing USDA rental  housing programs to HUD to improve operational efficiency, service  delivery, and produce savings by reducing agency bureaucracy costs.   According to the OMB under the Trump administration, ``USDA's housing  programs, which serve eligible rural areas, were initially established  in the 1940s in response to an underrepresentation of national housing  programs in rural areas. . . . Since then, the rationale for separate,  rural-focused housing programs at USDA has become outdated given HUD's  role in serving communities throughout the Nation, including in many  rural areas. In fact, due in large part to the sheer size of its  programs, HUD serves more households in USDA-eligible areas than USDA  does.''   The consolidation of agencies or administrative functions could yield  a more efficient oversight and administrative structure for cost  savings in central housing programs.   The Government Accountability Office recommended that HUD and USDA  review and consolidate duplicative housing programs, including the  Rural Housing Service.   The duplication of program services provides headaches and confusion  to the neediest of Americans wanting to know where to go. It is time to  streamline programs and get our fiscal house in order.   What is causing so many young adults outside of this program  administration not to be able to afford their homes? High interest  rates driven by overspending.   This $1.6 billion that this amendment proposes represents a return to  fiscal sanity. For every dollar we are spending, we are only paying for  70 percent of it.   When are we going to get serious about spending restraint for the  next generation?   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reiterate: duplication of programming.  There are 25 duplicative programs in this same area.   This cut represents 2.8 percent of all Federal housing assistance. We  can help the neediest Americans by streamlining housing programs and  getting our own fiscal house in order.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense reduction  in duplication, and I yield back the balance of my time.   