 Madam President, I want to thank my friend--is it 43  years?--Senator Kaine for his comments.   I apologize to the Presiding Officer and folks up front that I didn't  hear all his comments. So you may be hearing from me a bit of  repetition of what Tim has already said, but I think, in terms of Judge  Ballou, who Senator Kaine has already mentioned, a little bit of  repetition might be appropriate.   I also join with Senator Kaine in urging all my colleagues, in about  8 minutes, to support President Biden's choice to serve as a U.S.  District Court judge for the Western District of Virginia. He really  is--Bob Ballou is a pillar of the Virginia legal community.   I want to start with where Senator Kaine left off. He went through  our whole vetting process under the Trump administration. And the fact  that someone has, at least in terms of our criteria, I think, qualified  as an extraordinarily competent, well-suited individual under both  President Trump and President Biden is a real credit. And I give the  White House credit for moving forward and putting his name forward.   I think Senator Kaine has already mentioned the fact that he got  bipartisan support in committee, something that, unfortunately, is  becoming rarer and rarer; but, as probably has already been indicated,  this is the kind of individual who has both the legal acumen and the  temperament, I think, to be a great judge.   He is a Virginia native, originally from Roanoke, a two-time UVA  graduate. Following his time at UVA and UVA Law School, he originally  clerked for Judge Peter Beer of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern  District of Louisiana.   Following this brief stint outside of Virginia, he returned to  private practice in Richmond and Roanoke, where he litigated complex  civil issues.   In 2011, he was selected by the article 3 judges of the Western  District to support as a magistrate judge. Over the past 12 years,  Judge Ballou has continued earning the respect and admiration of those  article 3 judges that, hopefully, after the next few days, he will  actually serve with and, I think, will do, again, a great job.   He will be replacing retiring Judge Jones. Senator Kaine and I both  have had the pleasure--and I think Senator Kaine actually may have  practiced with him occasionally. But they are big shoes to fill, and he  will do that.   Again, as has been mentioned, Judge Ballou has been really known as a  magistrate judge for his temperament, the fact that lawyers who appear  in his courtroom indicate that he works diligently, he always has an  open mind, and he has a real sense of fairness.   He loves Southwest Virginia. His father had served as a State court  judge. He has been very involved in community and charitable activities  throughout the whole region.  [[Page S653]]    This is, I think, a man whose time has come. I wish he would have  been already on the bench. We will have a chance to rectify that with  our move to cloture today and then, hopefully, in a couple of days  later, his confirmation as a judge from the Western District of  Virginia.   So I heartily join my friend Senator Kaine and urge the confirmation  of Judge Ballou as a judge to the Western District of Virginia.   With that, Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   