 Mr. President, today I would like to talk about nuclear  revitalization for a few minutes.   I want to make two overarching points. First, no sane person wants a  nuclear war. No sane person wants a nuclear war. But, No. 2, peace  through weakness never works--never. When the United States built much  of its nuclear stockpile, the Cold War was raging, and the Soviet Union  was our only major adversary with a sophisticated nuclear stockpile. We  remember those days. Our nuclear power deterred Soviet aggression and  made sure the Cold War never escalated.   But today, fast forward, we no longer face just one threat. Russia  still maintains the world's largest nuclear arsenal, but China's  nuclear stockpile is growing rapidly. North Korea, as we know,  continues to threaten our allies with its collection of nuclear  weapons. And thanks to the disastrous nuclear deal with Iran, Iran is  marching ever closer to developing a nuclear weapon of its own.   So here is where the United States finds itself today. The United  States must now counter nuclear superpowers in both China and Russia  while also deterring the itchy trigger fingers of unstable dictators  like Kim Jong Un and the Ayatollah in Iran.   We should be innovating and preparing our nuclear arsenal for this  new global dynamic. But, instead, our nuclear stockpile remains stuck  in the Cold War, and that is just a fact. Put simply: America's nuclear  stockpile is old, and it is shrinking. And while modernizing our  nuclear arsenal should be a top priority, our effort to restart nuclear  weapon production has been riddled with delays and poor planning and we  do not have time to waste.   The United States has not built a single nuclear warhead since the  close of the Cold War. Let me say that again. The United States has not  built a single nuclear warhead since the close of the Cold War.  Instead, we have focused on what we call Life Extension Programs to  keep our old weapons operational by refurbishing them. Those that  aren't refurbished are destroyed.   From 1994 until 2020, the United States dismantled 11,683 total  nuclear warheads. And this total does not include the 2,000 other  warheads that have been retired while awaiting their own demolition as  well. Most of our nuclear warheads are decades old. The facilities  where we built and store these are even older. As recently as 2019, the  computer system controlling our nuclear weapons ran on floppy disks. I  kid you not.   Today, we are so far behind in our nuclear revitalization that we  cannot even produce plutonium pits. Plutonium pits are an essential  component of every nuclear weapon. Plutonium pits sit at the center of  a warhead. They are not all that different from pits in a peach. The  pit is essential because it triggers the nuclear explosion. Plutonium  pits do not last forever. They can only sit inside a weapon for roughly  100 years before we must replace them. The clock is ticking on our Cold  War-era weapons.   During the Cold War, the United States produced more than 1,000  plutonium pits per year. And without plutonium pits, you can't have a  nuclear weapon. But the United States has not regularly manufactured  plutonium pits since 1989. In fact, the United States has not produced  a single warhead-ready plutonium pit since 2012. As you would imagine,  our nuclear engineers cannot just stop by the hardware store to pick  these up. It doesn't work that way. Pit production is a very complex, a  very expensive, and a very time-consuming process.   But our adversaries haven't stopped. Our adversaries certainly  haven't stopped. China, Russia, North Korea, Pakistan all continue to  produce plutonium pits to ready their arsenals. Yet the U.S.A. fell  asleep at the wheel and let our plutonium pit production die off almost  entirely.   Keeping our nuclear arsenal in shape is sort of like keeping your  body in shape. If you stop exercising all together, it will be very  painful when you start it again. The United States is learning this the  hard way.   In 2014, the Department of Energy and the Department of Defense  determined that it would need at least 4,000 new plutonium pits--4,000,  not 40, not 400, 4,000 new plutonium pits--to replace the aging pits in  our current weapons as part of our larger refurbishment strategy. New  pits are also needed for any new weapons that we choose to build.   Department officials determined that the United States would need to  produce a minimum of 80 plutonium pits per year by 2030 to be able to  reach our national security goals by 2080. To meet this goal, Congress  passed a bill, and in that bill, we instructed the National Nuclear  Security Administration--we call it the NNSA--to resume plutonium pit  production in two separate facilities in 2015. Congress tasked the Los  Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico with a goal of 30 pits per  year, and we tasked the Savannah River Site in North Carolina with the  remaining 50 to achieve the 80-plutonium-pits-per-year capacity.   But that hasn't happened. I meant it when I said we fell asleep. That  hasn't happened. Pit production has been postponed and postponed and  postponed.   Most recently, NNSA Administrator Jill Hruby estimated the United  States will hit its production goal sometime in 2036, 6 years later  than projected. The delays are so significant--so significant--that in  2021, the commander of the U.S. Strategic Command testified before  Congress that no amount of funding--no amount of money--would have been  enough to get the NNSA to its production capacity goal by 2030. That is  what happens when you fall asleep. That is what happens when you stop  exercising.    These new pits are not just nice to have; they are essential for  developing new weapons to deter aggression from hostile nations.  Consider what our military calls the W87-1 Modification Program. Under  this program, the United States is developing--or trying to develop--a  new warhead that would ride atop the next generation of ICBMs. And an  ICBM, of course, is an intercontinental ballistic missile.   But these new weapons cannot run on old plutonium pits; they require  a new design. The delayed pit production means that these warheads and  our ability to deter China's growing arsenal is delayed as well.   Now, I understand that plutonium pit production is not simple. And  like many other workplaces in our wonderful country, supply chain  issues and a shortage of qualified workers created unexpected problems  for our capacity goals. I get that. But there is a difference--there is  a stark difference--between encountering unexpected challenges and  simply failing to prepare, and investigations show the NNSA has not  taken its preparation seriously enough.   The Government Accountability Office, one of our watchdogs,  determined that the NNSA lacked both a comprehensive schedule and a  cost estimate for its plutonium projects. Importantly, the NNSA also  lacked an integrative master schedule that can be used to coordinate  everything from production to staff. Administration officials recently  announced better, more concrete schedules and cost estimates, but that  cannot make up for the valuable time we have already wasted. It can't.  And concerningly, the NNSA remains on the Government Accountability  Office's list of organizations that are at high risk for ``fraud,  waste, abuse and mismanagement'' because of its practices.   It gives me no joy to point these things out.   Modernizing our nuclear stockpile is essential for maintaining our  national security and affirming our position as a global leader. Our  weapons don't only protect Americans--we know that. They protect our  allies. As part of our extended deterrent strategy, we have agreed to  help defend our allies who don't have nuclear weapons of their own, in  large part to deter them from getting nuclear weapons.   But our allies aren't stupid. They see our antiquated stockpile, and  they  [[Page S1451]]  wonder if we can follow through on our promise to protect them if they  themselves do not acquire nuclear weapons. Take our friends in South  Korea. They announced their doubts earlier this year. South Korea has  considered developing its own weapons because its leaders do not know  if America's arsenal is ready to answer the call if, God forbid, South  Korea ever faces an imminent nuclear threat.   Now, our friends in South Korea--and they are dear friends--they are  not going to say that in stark terms, but we know from our diplomatic  relations that is how they feel. The good news is that after some  recent negotiations, our friends in South Korea--our ally, South  Korea--reaffirmed its commitment to work with the United States.   But this situation, I bring it up because it showcases the severity  of our problem. The people of South Korea are our friends. They are our  allies. They embrace democracy as we do. But if they are doubting our  capabilities, our adversaries are, too. You can bet on that. Look no  further than China.   Now I don't hate China. I don't hate the Chinese people. They are  wonderful human beings with souls like all of us, and they have the  right to freedom and self-determination. I don't want a Cold War with  China. I don't want a hot war with China. But according to the  Pentagon, China already has more intercontinental ballistic missiles  than the United States.   In 2001, China had 400 nuclear warheads. At the rate it is growing,  by 2035, China will have 1,500--far outpacing--far outpacing--the  Pentagon's initial projections.   China is also rapidly innovating. The Chinese military has been  testing nuclear-capable hypersonic missiles. These nuclear-capable  hypersonic missiles can fly five times the speed of sound. That is  roughly 3,800 miles an hour. A few weapons that China is also testing  could leave its intended target only minutes to respond.   The United States of America cannot continue inching along while  China quadruples its arsenal with newer and faster nuclear weapons.   The days when we could neglect our nuclear stockpile without risking  our national security are over. Our ability to deter unstable nuclear  powers and maintain a peaceful world relies on our ability to continue  innovating in ways only freedom-loving Americans can. But these vital  projects rely on our plutonium pit production, and failing to produce  pits at full capacity is just not acceptable.    As the ranking member on the Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy  and Water Development, I know we will continue our focus on this issue.  As we modernize, we must modernize our nuclear stockpile for the peace  and safety of generations to come, and I urge my colleagues to make it  a priority as well.   We cannot fix this problem overnight. We didn't develop this problem  overnight. But if we continue to work in a bipartisan fashion, we can  restore our stockpile.   We must restore our stockpile. It is time for the United States to  get serious about revitalizing its nuclear arsenal so that we can  continue to have the most reliable and sophisticated defense systems on  the planet.   Why is that important? Let me end as I began: because peace through  weakness never works. Peace through weakness never works. Never.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   