 Mr. Chairman, let me be clear. I support our energy  economy. I stand by New Mexico's energy workers, who help fuel our  economy. New Mexico's Second Congressional District is one of the top  energy producing areas in the entire world. In fact, Lea County, in my  district, produces more oil than any other county in the United States.   About half of New Mexico's fossil fuel operations are on public  lands, and royalties from the industry make up about a third of our  State's annual budget. With an industry so large, there are a lot of  good-paying jobs for rural New Mexicans.   Congress is not debating a bill to support energy workers that are  essential to my district. We aren't even debating ways to lower energy  costs for Americans, no matter what name Republicans give this bill.  This bill is about the same old thing, padding the pockets of  executives at the cost of energy workers.   Just last year, as you can see, when Americans saw gas prices as high  as $5 per gallon at the pump, oil and gas companies made not millions,  not billions, but trillions of dollars in profit. While my constituents  were paying $100 to fill up their pickup truck, Exxon chiefs were  making $55 billion in profits. My colleagues across the aisle want to  make them even richer at our expense.   In the Permian Basin, oil and gas production has increased nearly  every year since 2013, and it is on track to reach new, even higher  production  [[Page H1559]]  records this year. We are already unleashing American energy, but these  profits aren't going to the workers in my district. They are going to  the wealthy CEOs with collections of massive mansions and cars. While  the energy workers in my district are living right here, in tents and  temporary trailer homes, the CEOs are living right up here in Hawaii  and mansions all across the world.   While our folks risk their health and safety to make these profits,  we need to make sure that our priorities are in the right place. This  bill is toxic, literally. It would increase pollution by removing the  methane emission regulations and gutting the Clean Air Act.   Asthma rates in southeast New Mexico are the highest in the region,  largely connected to methane and other emissions. Republicans want to  make this air dirtier, sending more kids to the hospital.   According to Somos Un Pueblo Unido, nearly one in two energy workers  has reported an injury on the job, and most of those injuries are  permanent. If this bill really cared about the energy industry, it  would start by prioritizing the people who work in it.   As the Representative for New Mexico's Second Congressional District,  I will always prioritize my constituents, the hardworking energy  workers, over the Big Oil CEOs from outside of my district.   That is why I am working on bipartisan legislation to ensure that our  energy workers aren't being forgotten. Instead of focusing on growing  the record profits for executives and CEOs, my bill would focus on  protecting the backbone of our energy economy, our energy workers. I am  focused on investing in the workers who have generated hundreds of  millions of dollars in revenue to our State.   When I got to Congress, many people told me to be cautious. They said  be careful, be scared of the Big Oil barons. I was told that they are  powerful and that if I don't agree with them and pad their pockets, I  am going to be their number one target.   Guess what? I am not scared, and we won't be silenced. To the CEOs  watching this from their glamorous mansions, just know I will fight to  ensure New Mexico's workers are a priority.   