 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Fleischmann and  Ranking Member Kaptur for their cooperation here.   Mr. Chair, dating back to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, there  was funding that provided important advancement of projects known as  the Comite project, which is north of my hometown of Baton Rouge, as  well as the West Shore project in the River Parishes.   Mr. Chairman, these projects date back, in the case of Comite, date  back all the way to the early 1980s, one of these awful Army Corps of  Engineer projects that has been stalled for so long. We had a record  flood in 2016, by some measure a 1,000-year flood that would have been  tempered or mitigated if this project had been constructed, and  thankfully in BBA 2018, the project was fully funded. The folks were  excited and believed that we were going to be moving forward on this  project.   Similarly, Mr. Chairman, the West Shore project actually started  before I was born, literally, 1970, 1971. That project had been stalled  and had not advanced at all until we were able to get the authorization  passed through Congress in 2016 and we were able to get the project  what we believed was also fully funded in BBA 2018.   Mr. Chairman, what we found today is that these project costs have  skyrocketed. In the case of the West Shore project, it is approximately  $1.3 billion short now and in the case of the Comite project, it is  about $447 million short. What this amendment does, this is an  increase/decrease amendment of approximately $1.75 billion and it is  designed to complete these projects.   Mr. Chairman, it is kind of like being a little bit pregnant. The  project just doesn't work. It is either completed and it is functional,  or it is not. We have got to finish these projects. We have to ensure  the resiliency of these communities. I know that my two colleagues here  being the chair and the ranking member of this committee, the  subcommittee, with the Corps of Engineers knows the importance of  investment in resiliency or mitigation efforts and certainly know the  importance that they share.   I thank them again for accepting our amendment and look forward to  continuing to work with you.  [[Page H5084]]        