 Madam President, it is great to be back with my  Senate colleagues this week. It has been a while. But we need to get a  lot done in this year's new Congress.   As a new Congress is getting underway, our country faces many  problems, many problems that we need to address. However, as we look  ahead to what we can accomplish this Congress, we also need to look  back and learn from the past. Having the courage to recognize and  address problems prevents us from making problems and continuing the  same thing in the future.   It is high time we take a look back at the devastating impacts of  some of the Federal and State government policies in response to COVID- 19 and the pandemic. Most importantly, we have to focus on education.  We have to look at the toll the lockdowns have taken on our country's  youngest citizens.   Unfortunately, like many issues in DC, the COVID crisis was  weaponized for some political gain. The government misused emergency  measures to grow its control over Americans' daily lives. Hopefully,  those days are over.   This time 3 years ago, COVID was making its way around our country,  through the States and through the communities. Of course, in the early  days, we knew very little about the virus and how to respond to it, so  leaders in both parties, leaders across our States and our communities,  called for a pause in daily activities to get control of the spread of  COVID-19. But what we didn't know then was how long that pause would  last, not just in some areas but all over our country. And we certainly  didn't know that our response could end up being worse--the response  that we had being worse than the actual COVID that was running across  our country.   We are just now starting to understand the impact of COVID-related  lockdowns. They weren't just extreme, they were deadly in some areas.   Research led by a professor at the University of Chicago exposed the  deadly impact of lockdowns by analyzing the excess death rate in our  country during the use of these lockdowns. The ``excess rate'' is a  term used to describe the number of deaths above historical norms--or  how many more Americans died than we would typically expect to pass  away during any given year. So those were balanced up and looked at  from the years of COVID to the years past.   According to the data from the CDC, the number of non-COVID excess  deaths reached almost 100,000 people in 2020 and in 2021. The hundreds  of thousands of non-COVID excess deaths during the pandemic can be  mainly attributed to shocking increases in accidents, overdoses, and  death from alcoholism and homicide. Those causes disproportionately  impacted minorities and low-income Americans--the same groups lockdowns  were often billed and made to protect.   The number of deaths from hypertension and heart disease and diabetes  also skyrocketed during the pandemic. This was especially true for  America's young people. In total, excess deaths among young adults  throughout the pandemic were 27 percent higher than they should be,  according to historical records of years past.    It does not take a scientist to draw the connection between lockdowns  and all the excess deaths that we have had the last 3 years. Not only  were Americans kept out of gyms, parks, churches, social settings, and  family gatherings, they were forced to skip routine doctor visits,  surgeries, and in-person medical treatments out of fear. And fear was  the main weapon used against the American people. As a result, mental  and physical health plummeted.   While lockdowns across the country slowly ended, the deadly  repercussions did not. For example, through the middle of last year,  overdose deaths per year outnumbered the total number of military  deaths in the past 60 years.   The truth is, the physical and mental health consequences of  overreaching lockdowns will be measured for years and years to come.   Locking Americans out of school, work, church, and social contact had  disastrous impacts on our economy, our education system, and our  society as a whole.   We all saw businesses across the country go under as customers were  kept away and the daily hum of our economy was silenced.   As kids were forced into virtual schooling, an entire generation of  Americans lost months and even years of valuable educational  opportunities. Research conducted by the global consulting firm  McKinsey found that COVID-related school disruption left students 5  months behind in math and 4 months behind in reading. Students who were  already underserved were hit even harder by school closures. High  schoolers were left more likely to drop out and less likely to pursue  further education after the lockdowns. And more than 35 percent of  American parents were left ``very or extremely concerned about their  children's mental health.''   Today, our schools are facing a shortage of teachers, months of  instruction still missing, and a mental health and behavioral crisis  among our country's students. It is a pandemic.   As someone who spent decades myself as an educator and a coach, who  fostered the potential of young adults, I am committed to ensuring we  never inflict the damage on our school-age kids again, no matter what.   I bring up these sobering facts on health and education to call on  this body to join me in this commitment in this Congress to do away  with what we just did. We have to evaluate it. We cannot keep going  forward this way.   This is especially important as some influential people in our  government, media, and public health circles continue today to call for  measures that disrupt our society in ways we know have terrible  consequences.   The Biden administration is hellbent on keeping the COVID-19 public  health emergency that is still in place. We still have it today.   Just last week, President Biden extended the emergency declaration  because of the extra power it gives to the Federal Government, and he  does that for another 90 days.   Attorneys for the Federal Government were in court asking an  unelected judge to reinstate the national mask mandate for air travel  just in the last few weeks.   Keep in mind, this body, in a bipartisan manner, voted to end the  emergency declaration just this last year--  [[Page S46]]  something we should do again in this Congress.   But even though the President himself has deemed the pandemic over,  bureaucrats are obsessed with keeping this charade going.   Enough is enough. We must be the barrier between the American people  and tyranny because tyrannical orders, like the COVID lockdowns, are  dangerous to every citizen in this country.   As we get to work this Congress, I hope all my colleagues will join  me in recognizing the tough realities I have just laid out. We cannot  continue to do this, and we can't do it again. We have to commit to  defending freedom in every circumstance. We have to learn from our past  mistakes.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   