 Madam President, I am of the view that one of the most  consequential votes that any Senator will make in their time in the  U.S. Senate is one that we are facing now: the national security  supplemental. I am here to encourage its passage--a national security  supplemental to address the crisis at our southern border, to support  Israel's right to exist, and to counter Russian, Chinese, and Iranian  aggression.   Addressing these issues serves our national interests, and it is  within the capacity of the Senate to mitigate these crises, to reduce  the consequences of these crises with strong legislation, and to do it  before the end of the year.   National security starts with border security, and I applaud my  Republican colleagues for working to find a consensus on an emergency  supplemental for addressing the President's failed policies at our  southern border.   It is time for Senate Democrats and the White House and Republicans  to continue their work, to get back to work, and to negotiate a bill  that can pass the U.S. Senate. We must and we should show the American  people that the Senate can be an institution that can come together in  a responsible way to meet the most pressing challenges our Nation  faces.   I saw a headline in the Wall Street Journal here recently: Does  Congress even work these days? It is a call, a responsibility, that  reminds us that we have serious and significant work to do together.  Those pressing needs, those challenges we face, are support for Israel  to defend itself against terrorism, resources for Ukraine, and policy  changes to secure our southern border.   First, it is in our Nation's best interest to stand with our oldest  ally in the Middle East, Israel. Hamas has stated its intent to wipe  Israel off the map, even saying the terrorist attacks of October 7 were  just the beginning. Now is not the time to waver in our support for  Israel. We must provide Israel with the means to defend itself and  destroy the terrorists.   The United States must also work to prevent escalation from Iran and  other adversaries who may use this opportunity to escalate the war  against Israel. Hezbollah, entrenched in Lebanon, to the north of  Israel's border, will find no safe harbor if it attempts to intervene.  Iran's leaders must know that the fury of the United States awaits if  they become directly involved. We will stand against terrorism and its  enablers and supporters.   Second, the success of Ukraine's defense against ongoing Russian  invasion is vital to the national interests of the United States. The  success of Ukraine is vital to the interests of our own country. Should  Russia fully conquer Ukraine, which remains Putin's goal, more Russian  forces would be spread across NATO's border, requiring more resources  from the West--America and our allies in Europe--to be committed to  defending those allies against further Russian aggression. I don't  think we can make the mistake. Russia's failure in Ukraine will make  America safer and will make our allies safer.   Congress has a critical role in providing the resources necessary not  just to end the war but ending the war on terms favorable to Ukraine  and our European allies. To date, a majority of the funding provided to  Ukraine has been directly injected back into the U.S. economy through  the development, production, and purchase of U.S.-made weapons to  replenish U.S. stockpiles.   Following the leadership of the United States, European nations are  helping shoulder the burden to support Ukraine's military and have made  serious commitments to match those of the United States.   Supporting our partners and allies abroad cannot come at the price of  ignoring the security interests faced here at home. The  administration's failure to control the border has created not just a  humanitarian crisis but a national security crisis. The crushing influx  of illegal border crossings has included an increase in the number of  encounters between U.S. Border Patrol agents and individuals the FBI  has on its Terrorist Watchlist.   Our border is a humanitarian problem, but it is a problem for the  well-being of the United States and its national security interests as  well. As of September 15, border agents have encountered more than 150  individuals on the Terrorist Screening Database at the southern border.  These levels of encounters are astonishing, considering there were only  11 such encounters with these dangerous individuals from 2017 to 2020.   I have been on the border, I think, at least three times in the last  year or so, and from conversations with, certainly, our Border Patrol  agents but also our law enforcement agents as well, the number of  illegal and foreigners coming into the United States who have the  potential of providing terrorist threats and acting on terrorist  behavior in the United States is only growing.   Our lack of operational control over the border has exacerbated the  drug crisis, as we know, in our communities as well. The border is the  single most important line of defense in disrupting these drug  trafficking and distribution networks, and it is no overstatement to  say American lives depend on a regulated border.   Madam President, I stand ready with my Republican colleagues, as they  do, to find substantive proposals to mitigate this crisis. During an  Appropriations hearing last month, I was dismayed that Secretary  Mayorkas chose not to engage on the issues and, instead, fell back on  the argument for comprehensive immigration reform.   I agree that major changes to our immigration code are in order and  have agreed to that belief since my earliest days in Congress. However,  since I have been in Congress, we keep waiting for comprehensive  reform, and, as a result, we do nothing--nothing to make our country  safer, nothing to mitigate the humanitarian crisis unfolding on our  soil, nothing to increase our national security.   Support for Ukraine and defending our southern border are not  mutually exclusive. We can and must do both. It is time to come  together and resolve our differences on these urgent national security  issues. The most sustainable and responsible route to a safer and more  secure United States requires the Senate to take seriously our borders  and ensure that our partners and allies are prepared and equipped to  defend themselves against our enemies.   To my constituents in Kansas and across the country, this is a  dangerous world we live in, and the decisions that we make in the next  few days and few weeks--certainly, in the next month--have a  consequence on the safety and security of Americans today and Americans  in the future.   This ought not be a U.S. Senate that doesn't do its work. We ought to  continue the efforts until we get a result, and I hope that occurs  quickly.   I yield the floor.   