 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss Phil Washington,  President Biden's nominee to serve as the Administrator of the Federal  Aviation Administration, the top job at the FAA.   The FAA has been in the news far too often lately, from the software  meltdown of a critical safety system in January that resulted in the  first U.S. ground stop of aircraft since September 11 to recent,  numerous near-misses of airliners on runways. These incidents are a  stark reminder of why it is essential to have an FAA Administrator with  decades of deep and real aviation experience, especially experience in  aviation safety. After all, the FAA's primary mission is to keep the  flying public safe.   This mission is so important that Congress has explicitly mandated,  by statute, that the FAA Administrator must ``have experience in a  field directly related to aviation.'' This is not a patronage job; this  is an aviation safety job. And it is, frankly, irresponsible to entrust  the role of protecting the lives of millions of Americans who fly in  the hands of a person who needs on-the-job training. Unfortunately,  that is exactly what we have with President Biden's FAA nominee, Phil  Washington.   I am deeply disappointed that the Biden White House decided to treat  a critical safety position as a political spoil system, to reward a  political ally rather than to ensure an experienced safety professional  to keep us all safe. And as a result of the Biden White House playing  politics with this critically important position, the FAA has lacked a  Senate-confirmed leader for a year now.  [[Page S842]]    Phil Washington is objectively, indisputably unqualified to lead the  FAA. For two decades, he worked at mass transit agencies, where he was  in charge of buses and trains, not planes. That experience might  qualify him to serve at the Federal Transit Administration or on the  board of Amtrak. Those would be reasonable nominations given Mr.  Washington's experience. But buses and trains have nothing to do with  airplanes.   The indisputable fact is that Mr. Washington has zero aviation  experience and, in particular, zero aviation safety experience. Mr.  Washington has never flown an airplane. He has never been a military  pilot. He has never been a commercial airline pilot. He has never  worked at an airline. He has never worked at an airline manufacturer.  He has never served as an air traffic controller. He has never worked  for a company that repairs airplanes.   The only aviation experience that Mr. Washington has is limited, for  the last 20 months, to working at the Denver airport as the CEO.  However, in that job, his primary responsibility is the physical plant  there. It is the airport's shopping. It is its dining. It is its  parking. It is its buildings. He doesn't have responsibility for  aviation and aviation safety. In particular, as Mr. Washington admitted  at his confirmation hearing, the pilots don't work for him, the  mechanics don't work for him, and the air traffic controllers don't  work for him. His job is not in aviation safety.   Aviation is a field involving highly technical issues. To understand  these issues, to lead the FAA, the head of the Federal Aviation  Administration needs to have extensive knowledge, experience, and  expertise in aviation. This shouldn't be a controversial statement,  and, historically, the head of the FAA has had decades of real, serious  experience in aviation safety.   The FAA Administrator is supposed to be a nonpartisan position for an  aviation expert. I don't want a Democrat FAA Administrator or a  Republican FAA Administrator. I want someone who has some idea how to  keep the damn planes in the sky. That is why the term of office is 5  years for this position--because it is not a position that is suitable  to partisan patronage, but rather you need nonpartisan experts.   FAA Administrators typically stay on the job even when the White  House changes hands. This is a job for someone with specialized  knowledge needed to ensure the safety of the flying public.   I will readily admit, I am wildly unqualified to be FAA  Administrator. No one in their right mind would put me in charge of  this Agency because I don't have any idea how to fly a plane. I  certainly don't know what needs to be done to ensure that they are  flying safely. The sad thing is, Mr. Washington doesn't know any more  than I do when it comes to this critical, specialized role.   Mr. Washington's nomination hearing confirmed what is abundantly  clear in his resume: that he lacks any aviation experience. At his  hearing, he was unable to answer basic aviation questions, including  safety questions about aircraft certification, about pilot licensing,  about airports.   I asked Mr. Washington about what caused the two tragic accidents  with the 737 MAX. He was forced to answer to say he didn't know. Sadly,  I believe him. But that is an enormous problem, given that 346 souls  were lost in those two horrific crashes. An FAA Administrator who  doesn't know what happened is not qualified to do the job.   One of the newest members of the committee, Senator Ted Budd, is a  pilot. I would commend the Presiding Officer, I would commend anyone,  go watch Senator Budd's questioning of Phil Washington. Senator Budd  asked him basic questions a pilot should know, basic questions such as  how close airplanes are allowed to get on runways. I will be honest. I  have no idea. I am not a pilot; I am not an air traffic controller; and  I am not running the FAA. But it is pretty stunning that the person  nominated to run the FAA has no idea either. That person should know  how to do his job.   And I will point out it wasn't just Republicans who raised these  questions. At the confirmation hearing, multiple Democrats raised  serious questions about Mr. Washington's lack of qualifications to lead  the FAA.   As a result, State and local aviation groups from all across the  country, including pilot groups from Arizona, from Montana, from New  Mexico, from Minnesota, from New Hampshire--all are opposed to this  nomination. One of them, the Montana Pilots Association, has said that  Mr. Washington is ``singularly unqualified to serve as FAA  administrator.''   And, unfortunately, the problems with Mr. Washington's nomination  don't end with his lack of aviation experience. There are also serious  concerns regarding outstanding allegations that Mr. Washington engaged  in misconduct during his time as the head of the Los Angeles Metro. He  has been named in multiple search warrants in an ongoing criminal  public corruption investigation, and he has been the subject of  multiple whistleblower complaints.   One search warrant was executed just last September, not very long  ago. It contained allegations that Mr. Washington pushed forward  lucrative no-bid contracts to a politically connected nonprofit to run  a sexual harassment hotline that was hardly ever used and that he did  so in order to stay in the good graces of a powerful politician on L.A.  Metro's board.   The allegations are the kind of local corruption, sadly, we see far  too often across this country in both parties. But a whistleblower who  exposed the details of this alleged pay-to-play contracting scheme  claims to have been retaliated against by Mr. Washington. After Mr.  Washington left the L.A. Metro, the agency settled these claims with  the whistleblower for $625,000. I practiced law for a long time. You  did as well. A $625,000 check is not a nuisance check. It is not a go- away check. It is indicative that there is real there, there.  Whistleblowers don't get settlements for more than a half million  dollars if their claim is baseless.   During my 11 years in the Senate, I have seen lots of nominees. I  cannot recall seeing even a single other nominee who was currently  entangled in an ongoing public corruption criminal investigation while  his nomination was pending.   The week before his confirmation hearing, my staff contacted the  California attorney general's office about the status of this  investigation. Despite Mr. Washington's insistence that he has done  nothing wrong, the attorney general's office stated, No. 1, that there  is an ongoing criminal investigation into this public corruption  scheme; No. 2, that Mr. Washington has a ``material involvement in the  case''; and, No. 3, that the investigation is months from being  completed.   It is important to note that the law enforcement officers involved in  this investigation--from the L.A. County sheriff to the California  attorney general--are all Democrats. There is no issue of partisan  targeting. There is no Republican who has it out for Phil Washington.  This is a Democrat sheriff and a Democrat attorney general in  California who are investigating Mr. Washington right now for public  corruption.   Even more amazingly, when my staff spoke with the California attorney  general's office, the AG's office told us that at the time they spoke,  they were not aware of anybody from the White House, from the FBI, or  from the Senate who had even contacted them to ask about Mr.  Washington's ongoing involvement in the investigation.   That is truly stunning. That is, frankly, just not caring. It is  inexplicable to me that a President, that a White House, would choose  to nominate someone who is materially involved in a current ongoing  public corruption investigation. Just imagine how damaging it would be  to the FAA if Mr. Washington were confirmed and then months later he  were to find himself indicted for public corruption. That would do real  damage to an Agency that needs serious trust and leadership.    The FAA's mission to keep the flying public safe is far too important  to have anyone other than a highly experienced aviation expert at the  helm.   Fortunately, the FAA right now is being run by Acting Administrator  Billy Nolen, who unlike Mr. Washington has decades of aviation  experience. Mr. Nolen has worked as a pilot; he is a seasoned aviation  safety executive; and he has been in senior leadership roles at the  FAA.  [[Page S843]]    At the nomination hearing and at the hearing that followed the next  week with Acting Administrator Nolen, I suggested an obvious solution.  President Biden has already named an Acting Administrator who is  qualified and knows how to do the job. For those who are concerned  about racial diversity, both Mr. Washington and Mr. Nolen are both  African American. The difference is, Mr. Nolen has decades of  experience in aviation safety, and Mr. Washington has none.   The Presiding Officer serves with me on the Commerce Committee. You  are the newest member to join the committee. Welcome to the committee.  We are glad to have you.   I don't believe Mr. Washington's nomination is going to go forward  successfully. I do not believe the votes are there. I would suggest to  the Presiding Officer and to every Democrat on the committee and in  this Chamber, if you agree with me, pick up the phone and call the  White House. Say: Hey, look, don't spend time on a nomination when the  votes aren't there. Let's go with someone who knows how to do the job,  who is qualified.   I stated at the last hearing, if Mr. Nolen were nominated--and to be  clear, I don't know Mr. Nolen. I don't have a dog in the fight other  than I would like someone who knows how do this job. But I stated  publicly at that hearing that if Mr. Nolen were nominated, that I  assumed he would be confirmed quickly and with very significant  bipartisan support. That should be our objective for a job like this.   And let me say this. You know, all 100 of us get on an airplane a  lot. It is part of the job serving in the U.S. Senate. I was on a plane  this morning. I suspect the Presiding Officer was either this morning  or yesterday on a plane. We have millions of Americans who fly every  year, who get on planes, who get on planes with their husbands, with  their wives, get on planes with their children. And, tragically, one of  the inevitable realities with that many people flying is that safety is  always an issue, and there will be, at some point, a catastrophic  crash. We don't know when. We want to do everything we can to prevent  it, but we know at some point another plane will crash.   Let me suggest to the Members of the Senate, if, God forbid, that  were to happen in the next 2 years--and I pray that it does not--I can  tell you, I certainly wouldn't want to be a Senator who voted to  confirm an Administrator of the FAA who has never flown a plane, who  doesn't know anything about aviation safety, and has no idea why the  plane crashed. I don't know how I would go home and explain to 30  million Texans that, well, you know, my political party nominated him,  and so I went with party loyalty and voted to confirm the guy, even  though he didn't have the experience to do the job.   I don't believe Mr. Washington is going to be confirmed. Personally,  I respect his military service. When he testified before the committee,  he seemed like a decent and capable man. But he is also a man who  doesn't know anything about airplanes. And if there is any job in the  entire Federal Government where you need to know not just something  about airplanes, a lot about airplanes, it is to be the Administrator  of the FAA. We need a Senate-confirmed leader in this job quickly. And  I would urge the President to withdraw this nomination and nominate  either Acting Administrator Nolen or, if not him, somebody like him,  with decades of real experience, so that we can have a Senate-confirmed  leader with the knowledge and judgment and expertise to do everything  humanly possible to keep your family safe and my family safe and to  keep the flying public safe. We have a responsibility. We have a  responsibility to do this right.   I yield the floor.   