 Mr. Speaker pro tempore, with great respect for this  institution, as chairman of the Democratic Caucus, I am directed by the  vote of that Caucus to present for election to the office of the  Speaker of the House of Representatives the name of the Honorable  Hakeem Jeffries, the pride of Crown Heights, a Representative from the  State of New York.   Mr. Speaker pro tempore, this is not the history we wanted to make  here in the House. It is something that none of us imagined when we  were sworn into this office.   We are here because the House has been thrown into chaos. We are here  because this hallowed Chamber has been led to a breaking point by two  dangerous forces: extremism and partisanship.   The American people placed their faith in us to tackle their most  pressing issues: lowering costs, growing the middle class, and standing  up to those set on delivering a national abortion ban.   The choice before us is simple: Come together on a bipartisan path  forward or take us over the cliff. Abandon the extremism that is  preventing us from getting things done or triple down on division and  dysfunction.   A vote today to make the architect of a nationwide abortion ban, a  vocal election denier, and an insurrection insider Speaker of this  House would be a terrible message to the country and our allies.   Mr. Speaker pro tempore, it would send an even more troubling message  to our enemies that the very people who would seek to undermine  democracy are rewarded with positions of immense power.   We are talking about someone who has spent his entire career trying  to hold our country back, putting our national security in danger,  attempting government shutdown after government shutdown, wasting  taxpayer dollars on baseless investigations with dead ends, authoring  the very bill that would ban abortion nationwide without exceptions,  and inciting violence on this Chamber. Even leaders of his own  [[Page H5019]]  party have called him a legislative terrorist. He once said, ``I didn't  come to Congress to make more laws.'' His words speak for themselves.   When New Yorkers recovering from Hurricane Sandy needed Congress to  act, he said no.   When wildfires ravaged the West, destroying homes and businesses, and  those residents needed disaster assistance, he said no.   When the Mississippi River floods devastated the South and  communities across State lines needed Congress to act, he said no.   When our veterans were suffering from disease and dying as a result  of their service to our country and Congress passed a bipartisan  solution, he said no.   When our ally in Ukraine looked to Congress for additional support to  help defeat Putin, he said no.   Just before Hamas' brutal terrorist attack on Israel, he said no to  fully funding military aid for our ally.   This body is debating elevating a Speaker nominee who has not passed  a single bill in 16 years. These are not the actions of someone  interested in governing or bettering the lives of everyday Americans.   This is nothing less than the rejection of the oath that we swore to  uphold as duly elected Members of this body.   But on this side of the aisle and throughout this Chamber, I am  convinced that oath still matters. To fulfill our obligations to the  American people, we have no choice today but to vote for a leader of  both character and conviction.    When the Congress first began, we proudly stood next to him as our  leader and made a promise to every American.   House Democrats would work to find common ground on the issues that  matter most to the American people whenever possible, and we would  stand up to extremism whenever necessary.   Only Hakeem Jeffries can be trusted to keep his word. Only Hakeem  Jeffries can lead us out of the chaos and toward a path of governance.   It brings me immense pride to nominate our friend, the Democratic  leader, Hakeem Jeffries, as Speaker. He may just be the candidate with  the most votes, but he is also the candidate with the most credibility.   If the goal is to continue a 30-year march to hollow out our  Democratic institutions, weaken our democracy, and embolden extremists,  there is a candidate for you.   If the goal is to continue taking marching orders from a twice- impeached former President with more than 90 pending felony charges,  then there is a candidate for you.   The world is watching, Mr. Speaker pro tempore. Our allies in Ukraine  and Israel are watching and waiting. Let's have this vote, but let's be  clear: A vote for the gentleman from Ohio is a vote to turn your back  on national security.   It is a vote to turn your back on a bipartisan path to fund the  government and avoid shutdowns, something we can only do if we reject  his nomination.   House Democrats are in the minority. We realize that. If House  Republicans wanted to elect a Speaker without us, then they could have.   There is still a path forward for both Democrats and Republicans to  come together to elect a Speaker who can unite us behind a common  purpose; keeping the government open on a bipartisan compromise that  won more than 300 votes just 4 months ago in this Chamber; taking an  up-or-down vote on help so Israel can defeat Hamas and Ukraine can  defeat Putin; and reassuring the American people that their legislators  have their backs.   Mr. Speaker pro tempore, it is that simple, and we can do it today.  Let's work together. Let's elect a Speaker who will reach out the hand  of bipartisanship and deliver for the American people.   That is why, once again, Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I am proud to  nominate Hakeem Jeffries for Speaker.   