 Madam President, I rise today in support of Mr. Jamar  Walker, whom President Biden has nominated to serve as a U.S. District  Court judge for the Eastern District of Virginia.   Jamar is a fellow Virginian and outstanding public servant. For the  last decade, he has been an invaluable asset to Virginia's legal  community, bringing both his zeal for public service and his personal  life story.   Jamar is a Virginia native, originally from our Eastern Shore. If you  ever look at a map of Virginia, you see this strip that may not be  completely connected. It literally goes from Virginia to Maryland and  Delaware. It is a strip of land that is very rural. Jamar is from that  part of our Commonwealth.   He is a two-time graduate of the University of Virginia. Following  his time at both UVA as an undergrad and UVA Law, Jamar began his  career in public service clerking for the Honorable Raymond Jackson in  the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, whose  same seat he has actually--if we approve him tonight--been nominated to  fill.   And for the past 7 years, Jamar has dedicated his professional career  in the U.S. attorney's office for the Eastern District of Virginia,  where he currently serves as the Acting Chief of the Financial Crime  and Public Corruption Unit.   A testament to his ability to try complex cases, Jamar has received  five service awards from the FBI for his excellent work in public  correction, wire fraud, and bank fraud cases. His commitment to the  Commonwealth spans far beyond his day job. Jamar has volunteered for  countless collegiate mock trial tournaments and returned to his alma  mater time and again to speak out on guest panels.   Once sworn in, Jamar will also be the first openly gay Federal  district judge in Virginia. Jamar's community-oriented mindset, career  qualifications, and numerous accolades make him an exceptional nominee  for the Eastern District of Virginia, a district that is known as the  ``rocket docket'' in terms of moving cases quickly through. His  experience, particularly in the U.S. Attorney's office, is well-suited  to deal with the ``rocket docket.''   I know he will serve with distinction and make both our country and  our Commonwealth proud. I urge my colleagues, when this vote starts in  about 10 minutes, to support his nomination. He came out in a  bipartisan vote from the Judiciary Committee. He is an exceptional  young man, and I know will do a great job.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   