 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to voice my support for  Jennifer Hall's nomination to serve as the next U.S. district court  judge for Delaware.   Before I describe what makes Jennifer Hall particularly well suited  for the role, let me just take a moment, if I can, to describe our  approach to filling court vacancies in the First State.   For over a decade, my colleague--my wingman, if you will--from  Delaware, Senator Chris Coons, and I have relied on a collaborative  process for putting forward U.S. district court recommendations to the  White House, regardless of who is in the White House. With the help of  a judicial nominating commission, Senator Coons and I have worked to  identify some of those qualified individuals in Delaware in order to  recommend them to the President, regardless of political party. The  process serves Delaware well, it serves our Nation well, and it has  yielded yet another extraordinary nominee before us today.   As I often say, justice delayed is justice denied. Justice delayed is  justice denied. It is critical that we act swiftly to confirm Jennifer  Hall to Delaware's U.S. district court. It is one of the busiest if  not, maybe, the busiest district court in the Nation.   I also want to take a moment to thank Judge Rich Andrews for his  service to this court and also to our State and to our Nation. I know  that when he takes senior status at the end of this year, Jennifer Hall  will be well prepared to help take on an enormous workload before the  court.   I would like to share just a little bit more, if I could, about her  with our colleagues today. Jennifer grew up in Minnesota and is a proud  graduate of the University of Minnesota--home of those Golden Gophers-- where she earned a bachelor's degree in biochemistry. She then made her  way to Yale, where she met her husband Dave and earned not one but two  degrees--a master's and a Ph.D. in both molecular physics and  biochemistry. But apparently three degrees weren't enough, so she  continued her studies at the University of Pennsylvania's Law School,  where she graduated magna cum laude and immediately began a successful  legal career.   In the years that followed, she had the distinction of clerking for  two Federal judges appointed by President George W. Bush.   Jennifer went on to work at Fish & Richardson, a Wilmington, DE, law  firm, where she focused on patent law and other complex business  issues.   After 3 years in private practice, she felt called to serve the  people of Delaware and of America. She spent the next 8 years at the  U.S. Attorney's Office in Delaware. Then, in 2019, Jennifer was  selected to serve as a magistrate judge at the U.S. district court for  Delaware--the same court to which she has now been nominated to serve  as a Federal judge.   The last 4 years have given her some of the best preparation and on- the-job training that anyone could ask for. Magistrate Judge Hall has  impressed her colleagues on the bench both with her intellect and her  work ethic, and she has a deep respect for and knowledge of the law.   Her background as a scientist, as a legal scholar, and as a  magistrate judge has prepared her well for this new role. I strongly  urge my colleagues to vote to confirm Magistrate Judge Jennifer Hall to  serve as the next U.S. district court judge for Delaware. I am certain  she is going to be ready to hit the ground ready on day one, especially  in a district court as busy and as important as Delaware's.   Before I yield back my time, I am going to be joined here  momentarily, I believe, by Senator Coons, my colleague from Delaware,  who serves on the Judiciary Committee and with whom I serve and enjoy  the opportunity to serve with him for our State. We have, I think,  probably not the kind of close working relationship when it comes to  judicial nominations that you find in most other States. We do it as a  team. We have great help from the folks on the nominating commission  who help make sure we not only identify excellent candidates but  actually are able to present them for confirmation to the Senate.   The Presiding Officer, as my friend, I think you know that I am a  recovered Governor. I served as Governor of Delaware for 8 years. As  Governor in Delaware, the Governor gets to nominate people to serve on  the court of chancery, superior court, family court, supreme court, and  to submit those names to the legislature for their consideration--to  the Senate, rather.   I always looked for three or four qualities, if you will, in the  people I nominated as Governor to serve on the bench in Delaware. Even  as State courts, we considered some of the major issues of our country,  business laws and others. One thing I always looked for in nominees was  people who are smart, not just book smart but actually wise. I looked  for people who had a strong work ethic. I looked for  [[Page S5028]]  people who believe in the Golden Rule, treating the folks who come  before them in their courtroom the way they want to be treated, and  people who have integrity that just could not ever be questioned. Those  are just some of the criteria I looked for in my judicial nominees.   For 8 years, I submitted names to the State senate in Delaware. They  all went before the executive committee and eventually were considered.  Every one of those nominees was confirmed, which says a lot about  Delaware--a lot about Delaware.   I hope we will take a similar kind of action here today. Jennifer got  a good vote on cloture, and my hope is that we can replicate that as  well.   I will yield back. I don't know if I can reserve time so that when  Senator Coons arrives, he will have time left as well because I know he  is trying to get here. But this is, I think, a proud day for Delaware,  and I know it is for Jennifer and her family.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   