 Mr. Speaker, in 1893, Katharine Lee Bates wrote ``America  the Beautiful.'' In it she wrote: ``God shed His grace on thee and  crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea.''   As the Bible says in Psalm 72:8: He shall have dominion from sea to  sea and from the river unto the ends of the Earth.   That is aspirational.   Chanting ``from the river to the sea'' is not. Chanting ``from the  river to the sea'' is calling for the eradication of Israel. I would  hardly define that as aspirational.   My colleague Representative Rashida Tlaib has parroted the talking  points and the message of Hamas, a terrorist organization whose sworn  mission is the destruction of Israel and the eradication of the Jewish  people.   Israel is our strongest ally in the Middle East, a beacon of hope,  peace, and liberty in the region. It is the only multicultural,  multiethnic, and multireligious democracy. It is not an apartheid  state. The oppressor of the Palestinian people is Hamas and the  Palestinian Authority.   Mr. Speaker, if you want Palestinians to be free, then reject Hamas,  reject the Palestinian Authority, and demand that Hamas surrender.   Calling for a cease-fire that they won't abide to is outrageous. They  need to immediately surrender and return the hostages to their  families.   My colleague repeated a vile and disgusting lie that Israel bombed a  hospital knowing full well that was factually inaccurate and knowing  full well that this administration, the Biden administration, advised  her it was inaccurate, gave her a private briefing, and still she  continued to repeat this vile and disgusting lie.   Why?   It was intended to undermine. It was intended to turn the world  against Israel.   Why?   It is because when she chants ``from the river to the sea,'' she  believes it. Mr. Speaker, she believes Israel should be eradicated  because otherwise you would never, ever repeat that vile, vile  statement.   It is not a lie.   That is why we are here. It is not a lie, and that is why we are  here.   Paul Kessler was killed for holding an Israeli flag in the United  States of America. We are losing respect for the sanctity of life, the  rule of law, and the important role of faith.   We must combat anti-Semitism, and it starts with this censure.   