 Madam President, the substitute amendment contains the  Appropriations Committee-reported versions of three bills: Military  Construction and Veterans Affairs; Agriculture; and Transportation,  Housing and Urban Development.   I rise today as the chair of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food  and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. I just want  to urge all of our colleagues--all of them--to support the Agriculture  bill that the Appropriations Committee reported out on a unanimous and  bipartisan 28-to-0 vote.   The fiscal year 2024 Agriculture appropriations bill provides nearly  $26 billion to continue the important work of the U.S. Department of  Agriculture and of the Food and Drug Administration. This includes  support for American farmers and food producers, protections for our  Nation's food supply, and investments in important conservation and  clean water programs.   As we drafted this bill, our subcommittee made difficult decisions on  how best to invest taxpayer dollars in line with the agreement forged  earlier this year by both President Biden and--I would point out--House  leadership. I am proud of the incredibly collaborative approach taken  by Ranking Member Hoeven to make this a truly bipartisan bill.   Our subcommittee held substantive hearings. We considered nearly  3,000 requests from our Senate colleagues, and we worked in an  incredibly bipartisan manner to address all of the ways that these  Agencies serve our Nation and our constituents. Every single State,  [[Page S4434]]  including my own State of New Mexico, has farmers, families, and rural  economies that will benefit directly from the investments in this  legislation.   At the core of this bill is our commitment to ensuring that families  can put food on their tables and that no child goes hungry. The  committee-reported bill includes $6.3 billion for the Special  Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, or  WIC. It safeguards the enrollment of over 6 million women, infants, and  children across this Nation in this vital nutrition program; and we  will continue to monitor the impacts of rising food costs and the  increased participation of families in WIC. We must deliver on the goal  of providing every eligible family with the full benefits that they  need to keep healthy and nutritious food on their tables.   Few Federal aid programs garner such broad bipartisan support as WIC,  and I am confident that my colleagues will continue to sustain this  essential program, just as they did when the Presiding Officer was  chair of this Appropriations subcommittee.   Equally important, this bill fully funds the Supplemental Nutrition  Assistance Program and child nutrition programs so that kids across the  country will continue to receive healthy school meals. Children should  be able to focus on learning and growing, not on the worries about when  or if they will get their next meals.   This bill also provides a $20 million increase for the Food and Drug  Administration to support its mission of protecting the safety and  security of our Nation's food supply.   As we head into another winter flu season and see potential new  upticks of COVID cases, this bill will ensure that the FDA has the  resources it needs to keep our Nation's drug supply safe.   This bill maintains our support for vital agricultural research and  our Nation's next generation of researchers through funding for both  the Agricultural Research Service and the National Institute of Food  and Agriculture. These funds support scientific discovery at land grant  universities and research centers all across this great Nation. These  programs protect our Nation's current food supply and ensure the long- term viability of American agriculture.   I am also pleased with the $922 million that we provided for  conservation efforts around the country. In the face of a rapidly  changing climate and the weather impacts that that has, it is essential  that our farmers and producers have access to technical assistance and  the tools that they need to implement best practices on their working  landscapes.   Importantly, this bill makes key economic investments in rural  America as well. Many rural communities, including in New Mexico, are  burdened by a lack of affordable housing as their housing stock  continues to age and construction costs increase. The bill provides  over $30 billion for rural Americans to achieve homeownership, the  majority of whom will be first-time home buyers.   It also fully funds the rental assistance program, which provides a  lifeline for many low-income families in rural communities. These funds  are coupled with almost $2 billion for business and industry  development to increase job growth and revitalize rural economies.   Finally, this bill underscores our commitment to global food security  by maintaining funding for vital international food aid programs. These  programs support developing countries and provide for the donation of  U.S. agricultural commodities. As conflict and climate threats around  the globe contribute to rising levels of famine and poverty, these  programs demonstrate our Nation's leadership in the fight against world  hunger while also building new markets for our agricultural exports.   The agriculture portion of this minibus appropriations package is a  bipartisan, comprehensive bill, and I am proud to see it before the  full Senate for consideration.   I want to take just a moment here at the end to recognize the members  of our subcommittee and all of their staffs, from both the majority and  the minority, for their incredibly tremendous efforts to negotiate this  bill.   I yield the floor.   