 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to ask unanimous consent to  discharge and pass the American Vehicle Security Act, a bill I  introduced with Senator Braun yesterday.   Let me explain what we are trying to do and what we have done by  passing the IRA. China has cornered the EV supply chain market: 80  percent of the world's battery materials processing comes from China;  60 percent of the world's cathode production comes from China; 80  percent of the world's anode production comes from China; and 75  percent of the world's lithium ion battery's cell production comes from  China.   Now, for the first time in the history of this great country of ours,  in the transportation mode that gave inspiration to the whole world-- whether it be cars, trains, and planes--did not depend on foreign  supply chains for their motivation. It did not, in any way at all,  depend on it.   Now we are moving rapidly into the EV markets--and I think  recklessly--as we were going into that before we were able to supply  and be held captive by China, literally. So anything the IRA bill did  was saying this: If you are going to get the $7,500 credit--which I had  a hard time understanding why the automotive industry needed it so  desperately, because people were willing to wait a year to get the  product. And we had supply chains with chips, and we fixed that; we had  supply chains still with this--and they are telling me: Well, we can't  do that. We just can't get there. And I said: You know what? They told  us that we couldn't get there on the vaccine for COVID; it would take 5  years. We got there in 9 months. You can do it if you intend to do it,  and if you want to do it, you will do it.   So what we did, we said: Fine, $3,750 credit you will be able to earn  for the discount on that vehicle if the critical minerals are sourced  from North America or our free trading agreement countries so we don't  have the risk of being held hostage. These are countries that we deal  with and we have relationships, and it is a free trade back and forth.  China, we don't; Russia, we don't. We see what happens to the world  when that happens.   So this was the purpose of it. And the other 3,750 is if you  manufacture the battery in North America because of our NAFTA agreement  in the USMC that we have had for an awful long time. It doesn't disrupt  the flow back and forth.   That way, we are guaranteed that we are going to have a manufacturing  base and continue the long heritage and the long, basically, support  that we have that we can have control of our own destiny in our  transportation mode. That is all. That is all this bill was doing.   The bill has been characterized so many different ways, but it is  truly an energy security manufacturing bill. And I can assure you, just  coming back and talking to the Europeans, they are extremely challenged  and upset that, basically, America--the United States--with one leap,  jumped over everybody into first place and is so far ahead of doing  something and bringing manufacturing back, being self-sufficient, and  self-dependent.   That is what this does. And we fixed that. We fixed all of that. And  then the Treasury, failing to issue guidance, it puts more  requirements. And what they are doing is, they issued guidance by law.  The bill said, by December 31. They are in violation. So they don't  have the guidance ready, and they had plenty of time to do it. But they  are now continuing to let the $7,500 credit go without any concerns at  all about the critical mineral requirements.   It is just not what the legislation is about. It is not what we all  voted for. Every Democrat voted for this. And now, all of a sudden, we  are saying we are not going to pay attention to the rules. Regulations  don't mean anything. Just go ahead and let them do what they want to  do.   Well, I am sorry, that is not the way it is. And that is not the way  it should be.   So being the birthplace of Henry Ford, who put mass production back  in and put the automobile in everyone's affordability range and,  basically, transitioned who we are as a country and how we move  around--we are an automotive powerhouse. We have always been an  automotive powerhouse. And the sooner that we are able to source our  own supplies that we need for our mode of transportation, we will  maintain that power.   That is what the IRA has done. That is the intent of the IRA. I have  asked the IRS to follow the law, follow the rule, follow the  legislative intent, and, basically, the bill that we passed. And they  are defying that. And this bill would correct that. That is all we are  asking.   With that, I yield to my friend from Indiana.    Mr. President, maybe I can help a little bit with  clearing it up. Everyone thinks that all of a sudden, that at the end  of the year, the first of the year, that the automobile industry in the  United States, in order to get any credit at all, had to have 100  percent of the sourcing done from North America or free trade country  agreements, such as Australia, Chile--different people that have a  tremendous amount of resources--but those are going to China now for  processing.   The first year is 40 percent. All we are saying is we ought to at  least be able to source 40 percent the first year from the favored  trading countries we have and ourselves to get us into this. And then  it goes up 10 percent every year. Most reasonable, most reasonable. Why  the IRS did not do that their job, I can't tell you, unless their  intent was never to try to comply with what we passed. They have known  all along what this bill was, unless they just basically drug their  feet intentionally and not only this--let me just tell you the other  thing I couldn't really believe. They would pick and choose. They  didn't basically just say: Well, I am sorry. We don't have rules and  regulations. So it can't go into effect. Or we are going to leave it  like it was at $7,500. No, no, no, they chose. They like what we did  with putting a cap on what your salary could be in order to get to  $7,500. They used that. That wasn't there before. They used that part  of it.    They like the cap of where we said what price of a vehicle would  qualify: for a sedan, $55,000 and under; for a truck, $85,000.   They would pick and choose--cherry-pick. But they said: We are just  going to continue to give the $7,500 if they apply to different  categories--nothing about sourcing material, nothing about us jump- starting to be basically self-sufficient in the manufacturing of  batteries in the United States of America, but also sourcing, so we  would never run short and be held hostage by China or someone else.   I am old enough and you are old enough and most of us in this room  are old enough to remember 1974, when we stood in line to get gas to go  work. I am not going to stand in line to wait for a battery to come  from China for me to go to work. That is what this is all about.    I ask unanimous consent that the Finance Committee be  discharged from further consideration of S. 63, a bill to adjust the  effective date of application of certain amendments made with respect  to the credit for new clean vehicles; that the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration, and the bill be considered read a third time  and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Would the Senator yield for a minute?    The only thing I would say to that is this: The  subsidies we were giving for EVs had expired under the old piece of  legislation for American manufacturers. They all hit their 200,000 cap,  right?    General Motors hit it. Ford hit it.    I thought they hit it.    I am understanding that they did. OK, we will work on  that. It was very close that they did.   That was over for them. They have no more. It was over. It was over.  They were done. If we didn't do anything, they were done. The only  people who had access to our market, if we had not done this bill, was  all European manufacturers. All the manufacturers in the United States  already hit their caps. So I am saying it was over. We gave them new  life into this.   All we are saying is, Can't we at least get manufacturing in the  United States where we are not depending on foreign supply chains,  especially China? That is the difference. I mean, they knew the bill.  They didn't like the bill. They built their whole model around--you  would think that car manufacturing in America is going to go broke if  they don't get the $7,500 credit from the U.S. Treasury.   And there are people waiting a year.   I said: Let me tell you something. If you are waiting a year to get a  product because you like it and it is good and you make it better than  any place in the world, I don't think that is what you are making the  decision on, because they have already lost it. China could have  flooded the market. We stopped all of that from happening.   We just have a difference. We just have a difference.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  privileges of the floor be granted to the following members of my  staff: David Rosner, our detailee from FERC; and Sarah Stevenson, our  American Association for the Advancement of Science, as of today until  the end of Congress.   