 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I have offered this amendment many  times over the last 15 years because until we can cut this poster child  for government waste, I despair of us ever being able to bring Federal  spending under control.   They call it Essential Air Service, but it is the least essential  program in the entire U.S. Government. This is a direct subsidy paid to  airline companies to fly empty and near-empty planes from small  airports to regional hubs.   This was supposed to be a temporary program to allow local  communities and airports to adjust to airline deregulation in 1978, 45  years ago. Instead, it has grown to include 111 airports in a program  that has doubled in cost in the last decade.   I emphasize that this program has nothing to do with emergency  medical evacuations. It solely subsidizes regular, scheduled,  commercial service that is so seldom used that it cannot support  itself. Why can't it? Because in many cases, the small airports in the  program are less than an hour's drive from regional airports.   Essential Air Service flights are flown out of Merced Airport near my  district in the Sierra Nevada of California, yet Merced is less than an  hour's drive from Fresno Airport, offering scheduled flights throughout  the West.   Subsidized service is available from Lancaster, Pennsylvania, just 31  miles from Harrisburg International Airport. Subsidized flights from  Pueblo, Colorado, are just a 45-minute drive from Colorado Springs  Airport, and on and on.   There is supposed to be a $200 cap on the subsidy and a minimum of 10  passengers per day, yet 55 airports are able to waive these  requirements, and they have all been granted. Per-passenger subsidies  on some flights are now nearly $1,000 per passenger. By comparison, you  can charter a small plane for around $150 to $200 an hour. Currently,  42 of the 111 flights subsidized are for flights of 9 people or less.  These flights of 9 or less are still costing the taxpayers over $120  million in fiscal year 2023.   Over the next few years, this program will cost taxpayers over a  billion dollars in direct appropriations, which this amendment would  cease. The program is receiving $390 million in subsidies this year.   If a route cannot generate enough passengers to support its costs,  the passengers themselves are telling us it is not worth the money to  them. Maybe we should listen to them.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, Mr. Graves promised us reforms. Well,  we have been hearing those promises for the last 15 years that I have  been bringing these amendments up, and they never happen.   My Republican colleagues love to campaign for economies in  government. Yet, when the easiest possible economy in government is  presented to them, they can't bear it.   I would pose this question: Why should the taxpayers of every  community in America pay for the tickets for their subsidized air  service when those airports are often less than an hour's drive from a  regional airport?   If their customers aren't willing to pay for those tickets, why  should the people of our districts be required to pay for them through  their taxes?   It is time that Republicans kept their promises and started making  the fundamental reforms that are necessary to bring spending under  control before we bankrupt this government.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   