 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Georgia for  yielding the time and for setting up this time to honor the life of  Rosalynn Carter.   I am a native Georgian. I grew up in Georgia. The town I grew up in  is represented by my good friend Mr. Scott.   Where I live now is in north Georgia, in the northern part of the  State, and right behind my house as a cemetery where the graves date  back to before the Civil War. There are some even as far back as the  late 1700s.   I like to walk through that cemetery and think about the history that  is there. As you go to each one of the tombstones there, in most cases,  you have a birth date and a date of death, but in between those are the  dash.   As I tell my children, it is not the date you were born that matters  nor the date that you die, but it is what you did in that dash that  matters.   The Carters have left an impact on the State of Georgia that has  personally impacted me. I remember as Jimmy Carter was the 76th  Governor of Georgia and Rosalynn was the First Lady. As has been said  here, she was a champion of mental health issues.   I was a young Cub Scout who actually was on a field trip to visit the  Governor's mansion in the State of Georgia in the early 1970s. As a  young Cub Scout, I still remember today walking up the steps of the  Governor's mansion, and I was met at the front door by Governor Jimmy  Carter and First Lady Rosalynn Carter.   I still remember what a sweet demeanor she had as she welcomed us  into her home, the home of the Governor of the State of Georgia.   I also remember that as I stretched my hand out and shook her hand,  as I pulled it away, she placed in my hand a bag of peanuts.   If you go to any of the offices in Georgia today, you will find bags  of peanuts in our offices. Every time I see a bag of peanuts, I reflect  back as a young Cub Scout having a bag of peanuts placed in my hand by  Rosalynn Carter.   I didn't realize that that legacy would continue on as I served in  the State Senate. In Georgia, I served with their grandson, Jason  Carter.   Although he was on the other side of the aisle, we became good  friends, and we worked closely together. We joked about our political  differences, but we focused on the things that we agreed upon, and  there were many.   In fact, when I won my first election for Congress, one of the first  calls of congratulation I received was from the Carter family.   The interaction with the Carters did not end there. Just a few years  ago, I was working on a piece of legislation called the BUILD Act.   The BUILD Act was to reduce government regulation when it comes to  zero interest mortgages by charity groups such as Habitat for Humanity.   When we were working on this bill in the Financial Services  Committee, we reached out to the Carters who helped us with this very  important piece of legislation, putting partisanship aside with their  hearts still upon doing everything that they can to help the people of  Georgia and help the people of this country.   They reached out and helped us move along this bipartisan piece of  legislation, which, by the way, was the very last piece of legislation  that was signed into law by the previous President, Mr. Donald Trump.   This is what Rosalynn Carter's dash was about. It was about the  people. It was about leaving an impression upon a young Cub Scout that  really lasted a lifetime and was an inspiration to me and is still an  inspiration going forward.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Georgia for taking this time  to honor Mrs. Carter.   