 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support for the rules  package of H.R. 734, the Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act.   Here we are again, Mr. Speaker. This side of the aisle is advocating  for sanity and humanity while that side of the aisle raises their hands  saying: What are we doing here?   Just like in our debate where we had to denounce socialism on this  floor, and just like our debate where we had to defend the lives of  abortion survivors, we are here to protect America. We are here for the  sanity and humanity of America.   Women's sports are meant for biological women and biological women  alone. Let's follow the science. For generations, female athletes such  as Lisa Leslie, Serena Williams, Katie Ledecky, Mia Hamm, and, most  recently, Riley Gaines--who sat in this very gallery during our State  of the Union Address and most recently was violently assaulted by a  radical mob of activists--have fought tirelessly to tear down societal  barriers in sports.   This movement, Mr. Speaker, is making a mockery--a mockery--of their  brave dedication and overall progress for women in general.   Now my colleagues across the aisle want to insult the hours of blood,  sweat, and tears that these women have invested into their sports and  their careers. We are not going to stand for it. Enough is enough. The  emperor has no clothes.   Some 50 years ago, Congress passed Title IX to give women the  opportunity to compete at levels never seen before. Women broke  barriers, and now this radical movement wants to break their spirit.    It is an insult to that legislation and to the progress society has  made. It is  [[Page H1778]]  an insult--yes--that we are even here today having to debate this very  issue. Women deserve protections and a fair playing field and a fair  swimming pool.   Is that too much to ask for, Mr. Speaker?   This legislation will give them just that. H.R. 734 states that sex  in the athletic context must be recognized based only on a person's  reproductive biology and genetics at birth. It also clarifies that a  recipient of Title IX funding is violating the prohibition against sex  discrimination if a school allows a person whose sex is male to  participate in a women's athletic activity.   Simply put, we cannot ignore the biological differences between a  male and a female. To do so would be ignorant and a disservice to the  sporting world.   Mr. Speaker, this is not about hate. This is about love. This is  about love for our country, love for the advancement that women have  made, and love for sanity.   Let's give women the protection that they deserve and the protection  that they have earned.   