 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, according to news reports, September was  another recordbreaking month at the southern border. My State, of  course, has 1,200 miles of common border with Mexico so we are bearing  the brunt and have borne the brunt of this flow of humanity, this  humanitarian crisis, which has created now a public safety crisis as a  result of unrestrained illegal immigration.   News reports are that more than 260,000--more than a quarter of a  million--more than a quarter of a million migrants crossed the border  last month, making it the busiest month on record. I know sometimes it  is hard to grasp the immensity of these numbers, but let me put it  another way. It is an average of 8,600 migrants coming to the United  States every day. Of course, when they come to Texas or Arizona or  California, they don't stay there. That is why you are hearing from the  Governor of Illinois, the Governor of New York, the mayor of New York  City, talking about the impact on their States and their cities.   Of course, we all know that the fentanyl crisis, which is part and  parcel of this open border, has taken the lives of 71,000 Americans  last year alone. We know where the precursors come from. They come from  China. We know where it is manufactured--in Mexico--and then it comes  across the border. The business model of the cartels is flood the  border with people, divert the attention of the Border Patrol who have  to engage in pushing paper and processing these migrants. Meanwhile,  the unprotected border allows for the surge of drugs across the border,  and they end up in all 50 States and in every community.  [[Page S4934]]    So it is an average of 8,600 migrants per day, but we have seen  surges up to 11,000 people a day, and it isn't going to get any better  unless something changes. Former Secretary of the Department of  Homeland Security Jeh Johnson once warned that even 1,000 migrants a  day overwhelm the system. We are now operating at more than 8\1/2\  times that pace, on average.   When migration levels are so high, it impacts all of our missions at  the border, even those that have nothing to do with migration. Law  enforcement, as I said, shifted from the frontlines. Instead of  stopping dangerous drugs, many agents find themselves pushing paper and  changing diapers because we have seen 300,000 unaccompanied children  come across the border since President Biden took office.   Unfortunately, as the New York Times has documented, in at least  85,000 instances, when Health and Human Services--the Office of Refugee  Relocation--made a wellness call to the sponsors for those children,  there was no answer and no followup by the administration. So the  administration can't tell you whether they are being trafficked for sex  or whether they are being forced to work in dangerous jobs, whether  they are getting healthcare, whether they are going to school. They  just can't tell you, and they, frankly, don't care. They say: It is not  our job anymore once we place them with sponsors.    This is up to the Child Protective Services in each of our States. As  the Presiding Officer knows, all of our States are seeing tremendous  caseloads in their Child Protective Services, and they can't handle  what they have now much less the thousands more coming each day.   Under President Biden's leadership, the crisis at the border just  gets worse. As I said, we have hit a record of 260,000 a month. The  United States has pretty much broken every record on the books at the  border and broken those records again. The busiest days, years, months  at border crossings have all happened under President Biden's watch.  With each day that passes, the border crisis is affecting the safety  and security of our country, and the White House refuses to accept any  responsibility or to change anything about the way they operate or to  reach out or to even receive suggestions or have a willingness to meet  to try to solve the problem. They just show no interest.   The President and his administration act like their hands are tied  and they can't do anything, but that is simply false. In the 1990s,  President Clinton signed a law establishing what is called expedited  removal. It allows the Border Patrol to detain and quickly remove  illegal immigrants. Expedited removals have been utilized by Republican  and Democratic administrations over the years. It is a powerful  deterrent, and what we lack now is any sense of deterrence.   I learned with interest today that the mayor of New York is making a  trip to Central and South America to give the message: Don't come.  Don't come to the United States. Don't come to New York City.   Of course, that voice is lost among the images on TV that demonstrate  that people who do come can successfully make their way to the border  and into the country. Of course, then there are people who successfully  make it and call their relatives back home and say: I made it. You can,  too. Come.   So there is no deterrence, but there would be if we used the law that  President Clinton signed which allows for expedited removal, because  not all of the people coming to the border are claiming asylum, but  they are being paroled in the nomenclature of our immigration laws.  They are being released into the interior of the United States without  even claiming any legitimate basis for being here.   President Biden has the authority to conduct expedited removals  today. He had that authority from day one, but he refuses to utilize  it. Rather than stand up new facilities or hire more personnel to make  the expedited removal process function, the Biden administration has  simply been releasing people into the interior of the country at an  unprecedented pace.   CBS News reports that the Department of Homeland Security has  released most migrants into the interior in recent months, instructing  them to undergo immigration court proceedings which are years away. One  of the New York newspapers recently reported that in order to get a  hearing in an immigration court in New York, it could take up to 10  years.   The administration has engaged in catch-and-release on an  unprecedented scale, and communities across our country are paying the  price. Their children are being stolen by fentanyl. Their streets and  sidewalks are filled with migrants who have nowhere to go. Their city  budgets are being wrecked by a crisis that should be managed by the  Federal Government.   I have often asked myself, what is it going to take for President  Biden to care and do something about this crisis? He seems unfazed by  the more than 6 million border crossings that have happened since he  became President, not to mention the 1.5 million ``got-aways.''   He seems unconcerned that this crisis serves as a perfect diversion  for the drug cartels that are trafficking fentanyl and other deadly  drugs into the United States. He seems unbothered by the fact that the  administration has lost track of hundreds of thousands of migrant  children, including countless kids who we know are being exploited for  child labor.   Thanks to President Biden's neglect, the border needs far more  resources than ever. We need more agents; we need more detention space;  more physical barriers; more immigration judge teams; and more  flexibility to remove individuals who have no legitimate claim to  remain in the United States.   I will give you an example of where one small tweak in our asylum  practices could change a lot. It could send a message that you can't  come unless you have a legitimate claim. It involves something like  what is known as safe third country transit.   For example, about a year and a half ago, Del Rio, TX--a small town  of 35,000 people--had 15,000 Haitians show up. You can imagine the  chaos and the burden just of trying to take care of the basic human  needs of that many people at one time. Well, it turns out these  Haitians did not come from Haiti, at least not directly. They had been  living in South America. But because they knew that they could show up  at the border, say the magic words, and then be released into the  interior of the country, only to be told to show up for an immigration  court hearing years in the future, they knew they could beat the  system. They knew how to exploit the system.    Well, neither little cities like Del Rio nor, apparently, big cities  like New York City have the infrastructure or the ability to manage  this many migrants in a fair, orderly, or humane way. But given the  administration's complete lack of interest in solving the problem, the  only thing I know to do is for Congress to act. We need Democrats and  Republicans to try to work this out.   I have worked on immigration issues the whole time I have been in the  Senate, and, believe me, it is one of the most frustrating topics to  work on that I can imagine. But I don't think we have any choice but to  keep trying. This should be a point of agreement among our colleagues  on both sides of the aisle. After all, the impact of this crisis is now  being felt far beyond the southern border.   The majority leader's home State of New York is overwhelmed, they  say, by the burden of the migrant crisis even though Texas and Arizona,  for example, have had millions of people come across our borders. Now  Mayor Adams of New York City is crying uncle when 10,000 people show up  in New York City. The Governor of New York and the mayor of New York  City have sounded the alarm over the devastating impact of this crisis.   The majority whip's home of Illinois is feeling the burden too.  Governor Pritzker recently made similar comments to the Governor of New  York and to the mayor of New York City. The situation has become so  untenable that hundreds of migrants have begun sleeping on the floors  of police stations and the O'Hare International Airport in Chicago.   Cities more than 1,000 miles away from the southern border are  overwhelmed by the unbearable weight of President Biden's border  crisis. Thanks to his failed policies, every State has now become a  border State. No community is immune to the consequences of the  security failures at the southern border, including communities where I  [[Page S4935]]  have met with the parents of young people who lost their lives by  consuming fentanyl, by taking a pill that they thought was innocuous  but that had just enough fentanyl to take their lives.   We know where it is coming from, and it is a result of the failure to  control the borders. There is nothing safe, orderly, or humane about  the status quo; and our colleagues across the aisle need to work with  us to fix it. This is now a nationwide disaster that affects every  State and every community in America, and I hope we can rely on the  courage and the leadership of the Members of the U.S. Congress to take  action.   Border security is national security. It is not just a problem in my  State or in Arizona or in New Mexico or in California. We need to be  clear-eyed about the vulnerabilities at the border and what the  ramifications of an open border are, and then we need to take decisive  action to address them.   I yield the floor.   