 Mr. President, I find it ironic that we are talking about  government shutdowns when it is as a result of Senator Schumer's  handling of this matter that we find ourselves here 2 weeks before the  end of the fiscal year without having a chance to vote on  appropriations bills. This is by design. This is not a bug. This is a  feature of his strategy.   These bipartisan appropriations bills were passed out of the Senate  Appropriations Committee weeks ago, and then Senator Schumer put the  Senate in a 40-day recess during the month of August. Now, with the  clock ticking, September 30 just right around the corner, we will start  with a minibus appropriations bill next week, but we won't able to  finish. We won't be able to reconcile the House and the Senate versions  before the end of the fiscal year, so we will be forced to do some form  of continuing resolution.   You might ask, why would the majority leader of the Senate sabotage  the normal, expected procedure by which the appropriations process  should work? Well, one, it maximizes his power because he knows that  only a handful of people will ultimately negotiate the final product,  and it will disempower 98 other Members of the U.S. Senate, rank-and- file Members who will not have a chance to debate, vote, and amend  various appropriations bills as they come across the floor.   So this is a part of Senator Schumer's strategy. His political  strategy is to create this crisis and then to blame somebody else-- namely, the House of Representatives. And you heard it from our friend  from Michigan, the Senator from Michigan. This is all about talking  about shutdowns. Well, we tried that before, and we figured out it  doesn't really work because when you reopen, the same problems that you  found difficult to deal with beforehand are still in front of you.   So we need to do our work here, but we need to do it on a basis where  we can actually have an opportunity to shape these appropriations bills  and not go through this unnecessary but entirely predictable drama  because the majority leader refused to give us an opportunity to put  these bills on the floor and to go through them in an orderly and  transparent way.   Our national debt is about $38 trillion. Excuse me, I forgot what the  exact number is, but it is at a historic high. One reason that spending  is out of control is because of this gamesmanship. So we need to do  better.   With the government funding deadline just a few weeks away, the Biden  administration has adopted a puzzling messaging strategy.   This week, the White House launched an attack against House  Republicans, accusing them of turning a blind eye to the fentanyl  crisis. Well, it is tough to peel back the many layers of irony and  hypocrisy in that accusation. After all, this administration has been  asleep at the wheel for more than 2\1/2\ years as fentanyl has  continued to pour across our border.   Last year alone, 71,000 Americans died of fentanyl poisoning. We know  where it comes from. We know what we need to do to stop it. But the  administration has done none of those things to try to save the lives  of Americans and now has the temerity--audacity, really--to blame House  Republicans for its own failure. How hypocritical is that?   In the last 12 months, Customs and Border Protection has seized  nearly 28,000 pounds of fentanyl. I know occasionally you will see it  in social media where people will say: Well, good for them; they got  it. And I agree--good for them--but that is only a fraction of the  fentanyl that has come across the border.   We know--because 1\1/2\ million migrants got away from law  enforcement, ran away from law enforcement, we will never know what  they were carrying on their persons. This fentanyl powder is so  powerful that even small amounts that can be contained in a backpack or  in some similar carrying case can kill hundreds of thousands of people.   We know from the sad fact that 71,000 Americans died of fentanyl  poisoning  [[Page S4260]]  last year that, notwithstanding their heroic efforts, Customs and  Border Protection is unable to stop all of it. A lethal dose of  fentanyl, after all, fits on the tip of the sharpened end of a pencil.  So when you consider the fact that Customs and Border Protection has  seized nearly 28,000 pounds, it is enough to wipe out the entire U.S.  population 20 times over.   I have been in too many sad meetings with too many grieving parents  who lost their teenage son or daughter to fentanyl poisoning. One of  those fathers gave me this wristband that I still wear that he has  handed out to others in memory of his daughter. It says: ``One pill can  kill.''   These kids don't know they are taking this deadly drug. They think  they are taking something like a Xanax or Percocet, something  relatively innocuous, but, in fact, it is a counterfeit pill  contaminated with this poison that kills them.   I am grateful to the brave men and women who work hard to stop these  drugs every day. We know they aren't able to interdict all of the  contraband that comes across the border, but thanks to President  Biden's border strategy--otherwise known as the Biden border crisis-- their already-tough job has become even more challenging.   Over the last couple of years, the unprecedented border crisis has  affected all of our missions at the southern border, even those that  have nothing to do with immigration. Law enforcement has been shifted  from the frontlines in order to process the migrants who continue to  come in the millions. Instead of stopping dangerous drugs and  criminals, many agents are now pushing paper, changing diapers, and  arranging for transportation, so they are not able to be on the  frontlines to stop this scourge of illegal drugs, including fentanyl.   Of course, no one profits more from the status quo than the drug  cartels. With fewer agents on the frontlines, these cartels have a  clear and easy path to move fentanyl, heroin, methamphetamine, and  other deadly drugs into the United States.   Our communities are being ravaged by this overdose epidemic, and the  Biden administration apparently does not care, because if they did  care, they would do something different.   By ignoring the border crisis for more than 2\1/2\ years, President  Biden has given the cartels a clear and easy pathway to move drugs into  the United States. The fact that the White House has decided that the  best defense is an offense and to turn around and try to attack House  Republicans isn't just dishonest, it is completely incoherent. It is  cynical, and it is wrong.   In its memo, the White House cited a Morning Consult poll that found  that nearly 60 percent of voters want Congress to make fentanyl  trafficking a top priority. This may have surprised the White House,  but it isn't news to anybody else in America who has been keeping track  of the fentanyl epidemic.   As I said, the fentanyl epidemic is terrorizing our communities. No  one, no community is safe. This doesn't respect how rich you are, how  poor you are, the color of your skin, your ethnicity. All of our  country is being affected.   Since President Biden took office, he has made every effort to  ignore, underplay, or misrepresent what is happening at the border.   Over the last few months, we have seen another effort to try to  downplay his failure to meet the challenge at the border. When title  42, for example--the public health title that allowed the Border Patrol  to expel people for public health reasons--when it expired, the Biden  administration tried to assure the American people that it had a plan  to manage the crisis, and there is no reason to worry. And for the  first few weeks, we saw a drop in border crossings, and the  administration was quick to declare victory. The Department of Homeland  Security bragged that the Biden administration border plan was  ``working as intended.''   Well, as I and others pointed out at the time, the dip was likely to  be only temporary. There was a lot of uncertainty how cases will be  handled in a post-title 42 world, and it made sense that migrants--but  even more so the criminal organizations that smuggle these migrants-- would take a wait-and-see approach, sort of get the lay of the land  before they decide the next method they would use.   And as an added deterrent, the growing summer heat made the journey  to and across our border even more dangerous. Either way, it was tough  to tell how much things had really changed as a result of the  administration's gimmicky accounting.   Earlier this year, the administration stood up a new program that  allows migrants from four countries to enter and remain in the United  States for up to 2 years and to receive work permits. All they have to  do is submit their information online and wait for the administration  to give them a green light. Now, this is not a small program. You would  think after the 7 million migrants who have crossed our border since  President Biden became President, that he would try to tamp down the  flow of even more migrants across the border. But this program is open  to up to 30,000 individuals a month. That is 360,000 migrants a year.   Until recently, the American people had a pretty good idea about the  number of migrants who crossed the border each month. The  administration is required to report the number of apprehensions each  month, and this data provides a great snapshot of what the facts  actually are.   By standing up a new program, the administration effectively opened  an additional loophole that allows it to hide the true scale of this  crisis. They just basically quit counting some people. They said: Well,  we are creating a program where 30,000 people a month can come across  under this program so we are going to cut them from the total so that  makes us look like we are doing better.   We do not know the full extent of the administration's programmatic  use of parole to hide the effects of their immigration nonenforcement  policies. What that means is even if people do not claim asylum when  they come to the border, the Biden administration is simply waving them  through, granting what is known in immigration law as parole--not based  on individual circumstance but by the hundreds and thousands. They  simply are refusing to enforce the immigration laws that Congress  passed on the books.   Despite the smoke-and-mirrors accounting and a range of other factors  that contribute to the post-title 42 decrease, the administration had  the temerity to declare victory.   But it is becoming clear there was no reason to celebrate.  Preliminary data published in the Washington Post shows that last  month, a record number of families illegally crossed the southern  border--a record number. In August alone, Border Patrol detained more  than 91,000 migrants who ended up in the United States as part of a  family unit. This is the highest number we have ever seen in a single  month.   But it is not just what is called family units. Apprehension numbers  increased dramatically over the past couple of months. We have gone  from just under 100,000 in June to 132,000 in July, to more than  177,000 in August. To be clear, these are not overall encounters. These  are just the arrests by Border Patrol.   I already mentioned that since President Biden became President,  there have been 1\1/2\ million ``got-aways,'' people who were evading  law enforcement--up to no good, I am sure. We won't see the full  picture until the administration releases its data later this month.  But the Washington Post is estimating roughly 230,000 migrant  encounters in August when you include migrants processed through the  land ports of entry. This would make it the busiest month for border  crossings this year.   Time and time again, the Biden administration has refused to accept  responsibility. The administration has cooked the books, manipulated  the numbers, in order to hide the pace of border crossings. It has  ignored frontline officers' plea for support. It has attacked States  like mine for providing transportation to migrants to help them reach  other States rather than to have them settle in our States. And now, it  is trying to blame House Republicans for turning a blind eye to the  fentanyl crisis. This is a new low, a new low even for the Biden  administration.   The reason so many Americans see, understand, and care about fentanyl  is because the crisis has ballooned under  [[Page S4261]]  President Biden's watch. It is going to continue to get worse, not  better. Under this administration, fentanyl has poured across the  southern border and into our communities across America. If anyone  should be named and shamed for ignoring this crisis, it is not the  House of Representatives, it is the gentleman sitting at 1600  Pennsylvania Avenue.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   