 Mr. President, after weeks of negotiating with an  obstinate and capricious President, the House of Representatives passed  legislation yesterday raising the debt ceiling and establishing budget  caps for the next 2 years. Both Democrats and Republicans compromised  in these negotiations, and, like every piece of compromise legislation,  there are good parts and bad parts of this bill.   I want to commend Speaker McCarthy for a number of commonsense  victories. This bill improves the environmental review process for  infrastructure projects, cuts funding for President Biden's army of IRS  agents, and saves American taxpayers tens of billions of dollars by  clawing back unused COVID funds.   Now, the bill doesn't go as far as I might like. It reduces domestic  spending to last year's levels, which is better than even more spending  and taxes, as the Democrats proposed, but I think domestic spending  could return to prepandemic levels. COVID emergency legislation was  just that--an emergency compelled by Chinese communist lies. It  shouldn't reset the Federal Government's budget in perpetuity. But,  again, I sympathize with the Speaker's constraints of a small House  majority and negotiating with a Democratic Party that seems to  prioritize welfare for grown men who won't work over our military.   As I have noted, there are some victories in this bill, and it  prevents default.   Unfortunately, this bill poses a mortal risk to our national security  by cutting our defense budget, which I cannot support, as grave dangers  gather on the horizon.   The bill's supporters contend that it raises defense spending by 3.2  percent compared to last year. That is true at face value, but  inflation was 6 percent last year. When you get a 3-percent raise but  prices go up by 6 percent, even a small child could tell you that your  money won't go as far and your family will have to tighten their belt.  And it gets worse next year, when the defense budget will grow by only  1 percent. Who thinks Joe Biden will get inflation to prepandemic  levels? Even if he did, inflation would grow at least twice as fast as  the defense budget, causing even more real cuts to defense.   Worst of all, this bill contains an automatic 1 percent sequester  based off last year's budget. That means that domestic spending will go  up, and defense spending will go down if the sequester kicks in. Let me  repeat that. If the sequester takes effect, Democrats will get more  welfare spending, while defense gets cut. Who thinks the Democratic  leader will be dissatisfied with this result? More to the point, who  thinks he won't use the threat of sequester to extort even higher  levels of welfare spending?   These three provisions--a cut this year in real dollars, a worse cut  in real dollars for 2025, and the automatic sequester based on last  year's spending bills--conspire to threaten devastating cuts to the  defense budget at a time when we can least afford it.   The bipartisan National Defense Strategy Commission Report recommends  a real increase to defense spending of between 3 and 5 percent annually  over inflation. This bill would cut real spending by more than 5  percent in 2 years, effectively slashing tens of billions of dollars  from defense.   How bad is this defense gap? If we continued our recent bipartisan  custom of increasing the defense budget from President Biden's  irresponsible budget proposals, we could afford four additional Ford- class aircraft carriers, 500 F-35 fighter jets, more than 91,000  Stinger missiles, or half a million Javelin anti-tank missiles--all  vital to our defense and to the defense of Ukraine and Taiwan.   While we surrender our lead and erode our military edge our enemies  are catching up. Last year, Russia increased its real military spending  over inflation by 1 percent; China increased its real spending by over  6 percent; and Iran increased its real spending by over 8 percent. The  United States reduced our real spending by over 3 percent, and this  bill, as I have said, would only make matters worse.   For years, Washington has gotten defense spending backward. The  budget shouldn't shape our defense needs. Indeed, it cannot shape our  defense needs. Our defense needs have to shape our budget.   China doesn't become less aggressive or Russia less revanchist or  Iran less extreme because our military has shrunk. In fact, the  opposite is true; they grow more ambitious and dangerous.   The defense budget should rise and fall with the dangers confronting  our Nation, and I do not believe those dangers are receding. Who here  believes the world here is safer or more stable than it was a year ago  or 2 years ago? On the contrary, America is in greater danger than at  any time in my life. Iran is rushing toward a nuclear bomb; Russia has  unleashed the largest European invasion since the Second World War; and  China is plotting the conquest of Taiwan. Our military stockpiles are  depleted and our defense supply chains are broken or strained. At the  same time, our border defenses have effectively collapsed, and cartel  members, criminal aliens, and possibly even terrorists are pouring into  our country. We need a military to match this perilous moment. After  all, protecting the safety and security of our people is our first and  most fundamental responsibility.   We cannot shortchange the military today without grave risks  tomorrow. The weapons we buy this year will be the ones we field in  2027, the time by which China will be at its greatest relative strength  compared to the United States and when war is most likely.   Now, I know that holding firm on defense priorities isn't always  easy. As I said, there are parts of this bill that I support, but I  cannot support the bill because it does not adequately fund our  military given the threats we face.   Supporters of the bill contend that the situation isn't as bad as I  make it out to be. Their arguments don't hold up under scrutiny. Some  claim that we could still get more defense funding through a  supplemental bill or some other backdoor funding mechanism. But these  same hollow promises were made when Congress passed the Budget Control  Act of 2011, which devastated our military under President Obama. I ran  for the Senate, in part, to reverse that disaster, and I won't vote for  a new disaster with the same promises.   And as I have explained, the sequester in this bill actually produces  more domestic spending than the bill's core provisions, which  encourages irresponsible Democrats to trigger sequester.   Others have claimed that we can find efficiencies in the Pentagon to  make up the difference. I don't disagree that there is fat to trim in  some places in our military, but no serious person thinks that it is  enough to make up for  [[Page S1864]]  tens of billions of dollars in cuts. Moreover, this claim assumes the  Biden administration will put our readiness ahead of social  engineering. Color me skeptical on that one when they start looking for  efficiencies.   Still, other supporters have shrugged and deployed the commonly used  but rarely persuasive argument that the bill may be bad, but there is  no alternative, and it is too late anyway. But it was and it remains  our job to craft an alternative.   We hear a lot that things that add votes to these big bills get in  and things that subtract votes don't. Again, we know, from recent  experience the last two National Defense Authorization Acts, that a  higher defense number gets nearly 400 votes in the House and more than  80 votes in the Senate. The first thing--the first thing--that should  have been settled in these negotiations was a larger defense budget.  Democrats have no argument against that recent history, and it is  indisputable that increases to Joe Biden's defense budgets garner large  bipartisan majorities in the House and the Senate.   So why wasn't it the first thing settled? I don't know, but the  result is that a Congress with a Republican House and a Democratic  Senate have now produced a defense budget worse in real terms than  either defense budget produced by a unified Democratic Congress. I  cannot vote for that curious result. If it takes a short-term increase  in the debt ceiling to go back to the drawing board, so be it.   Before we vote, I would also ask all my fellow Senators a simple  question: Do you feel more safe or less safe than you did a year ago?  If you feel more safe, by all means, vote to slash our defense budget.  But if not--and in your heart of hearts you know you don't--join me in  demanding that we do what it takes to protect our Nation.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 106 and ask  that it be reported by number.    Madam President, colleagues, this bill has budget caps  for domestic and defense spending. I don't like the defense number this  year. I like it even less next year. That is why I am opposing it.   But it also has a much worse provision. It has a 1-percent automatic  reduction that is based on last year's omnibus, not the caps on this  bill. Let me restate that: last year's omnibus, not this bill.   So if we go to a continuing resolution on October 1, which we almost  always do, domestic spending will go up by $61 billion while defense  goes down by $27 billion--not the caps in this bill.   If the sequester of 1 percent kicks in, domestic spending will go up  by $61 billion and defense will go down by $37 billion. Progressives  will get more welfare for grown men who refuse to work while defense is  slashed. Think about the incentives this gives to the Democratic leader  when it comes to appropriations bills.   I ask for a simple change in this amendment. The sequester should be  based on the caps that you are about to agree to, not last year's  spending bill.   I yield the floor.   