 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    The 1033 program has been around for 30-plus  years. It has been an open conduit through which armaments directly  from battlefields have flowed directly into the hands of State, local,  and Federal law enforcement agencies.   This equipment has operated to militarize police departments without  civilian authority. The 1033 program operates such that a law  enforcement agency, even a school law enforcement agency or university  law enforcement agency can just simply petition the Defense Logistics  Agency for whatever equipment is listed on the website.   They can order it. As long as they can pay for the transportation of  it to their location, they can get the equipment without any civilian  oversight authority approving it.   The rules of the 1033 program require that, once the law enforcement  agency takes possession of the equipment, that it be placed into  service within 1 year of its acquisition or else it has to be returned.  That is a recipe for law enforcement agencies to acquire military-grade  weaponry without county commission or city council approval.   They get it and must put it into use within a year of their receipt  of it. That means that untrained police officers using military  equipment against civilians without civilian authority approval. That  is a pipeline that needs to be shut down. After President Obama shut  the pipeline down to a great extent, President Trump reopened it, and  now President Biden has shut it down.   Now, we have this amendment that seeks to open it to even more  militarized equipment than was allowed in the first place.   If you want large-caliber, .50-caliber weaponry from the battlefields  of Afghanistan and Iraq to flow to your neighborhood, then you support  this amendment.   If you want large-caliber weaponry, artillery, mortar rounds, if you  want that coming onto your property, into your community, then vote for  this amendment.   If you want weaponized drones from the battlefield to flow to your  community without your Representatives' knowledge or consent, then vote  for this amendment.   If you want flamethrowers, if you want missiles, if you want all  kinds of equipment that this amendment opens the door to to come to  your community, then be in favor of this amendment. I stand opposed to  it.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Crockett).    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Crockett).   