 Before the Senator from Minnesota leaves the floor, I  want to say I could not agree with you more.   My dad used to talk to my sister and me about common sense. He would  say: Just use some common sense.   Thank you for appealing to our better judgment and common sense.  Thanks a lot.   Madam President, I rise today to talk for a few minutes about three  letters--ESG--and, as Aretha Franklin might say, to find out what it  means to me.   Now, as my staff knows, I am not a fan of acronyms or jargon. ESG is  a shorthand description for a form of investing that takes into account  environmental, social, and governance factors. It means very little to  the average American worker. So let me try to make this simple and real  for them.   Millions of American workers are saving for retirement or are already  withdrawing from a retirement plan, thanks to their employer-sponsored  retirement plan, like a 401(k). Each paycheck, hard-working Americans  do their best, even when times are tight, to put money away for their  future and the future of their children and grandchildren with the hope  that, down the road, those weekly or monthly contributions will grow  over time and help folks retire with dignity well into their golden  years. And with some good fortune and a prudent investment strategy,  retirement accounts can also provide certainty and security so that  Americans can enjoy their retirement--to take the vacation that you and  your spouse always wanted, to make a charitable donation, or maybe to  send their grandchild to college.   Those retirement savings often grow thanks to something called a  fiduciary, who manages American workers' retirement money. There is a  Federal law  [[Page S553]]  called the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA, that  first passed in 1974 but has been amended many times to ensure that  fiduciaries are doing right by American workers.   When decisions are made on behalf of an individual investor, I don't  think it is controversial to say that every American wants their money  to grow as much as is reasonably possible. In order to make the best  decision for Americans' hard-earned retirement savings, I also don't  think it is controversial to say that the Federal Government shouldn't  be dictating investment decisions. It shouldn't.   While the previous administration actually blocked fiduciaries from  considering economic factors such as climate risk, I believe that is  the wrong approach. The Trump administration's unpredictable and uneven  rulemaking led to confusion in the business community and uncertainty  for investors.   Now, let's be clear. A range of economic factors, including climate  change, can impact investment returns and thus fiduciaries' investment  decisions. The reality is that concerns about our environment--that is  the ``E''--and about the social impact of corporate activities--that is  the ``S''--and the corporate governance structure of companies are all  highly relevant factors in assessing returns on investments in these  companies. That is the ``G.''   So I am pleased. I am pleased that the Biden administration has  embraced more of a free market approach, as my friend from New York,  the majority leader, outlined, I think, in today's Wall Street Journal.   Further, this rule reflects what successful marketplace investors  already know: There is an extensive body of evidence that ESG factors  could impact markets, could impact industries and companies.   I know that many of our colleagues are concerned about the ``E'' in  ESG. I am too. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Environment and  Public Works, I know we can't ignore the ``E'' in ESG. The economic  risks from climate change are real and they are significant, and  fiduciaries must be allowed--allowed--to consider whether those costs  may well lower their returns of an investment or not. Unfortunately,  our colleagues' efforts to nullify the current Department of Labor's  ESG rule threatens the principles-based process that has worked well  for nearly 50 years.   We should be making it easier--not harder, easier--for investors to  evaluate the sustainability commitment from our corporations who want  to do what is good for business and for our planet, this planet we call  home.   With that, I call on our colleagues to join me and many others in  opposing the CRA before us today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   