 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S1066]]     Mr. President, Montanans proudly serve in our Armed  Forces at one of the highest rates in the Nation. These veterans put  their lives on the line to defend our freedoms every day. Their  families make sacrifices too. These veterans and their survivors, who  depend on VA benefits, deserve certainty when it comes to providing for  their families.   As chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, I am proud to  have introduced bipartisan legislation with my good friend Jerry Moran  to ensure that these benefits are keeping pace with the cost of living.  This bill, the Veterans' Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act, is legislation  that must pass.   Each year, millions of disabled veterans, surviving spouses, and  their children rely on tax-free compensation for disabilities sustained  during their military service. This income helps cover groceries and  prescription medications, rent and electrical bills. It also helps  veterans replace clothing damaged by their prosthetic or orthopedic  devices.   Our bill directs the VA to increase veterans' compensation so that  folks across the country--including 30,000 veterans in Montana and  survivors--get the support they need to stay afloat. At a time when  many Montanans are struggling with rising costs, from housing, to  healthcare, to groceries, this cost-of-living increase will help give  our veterans a little more peace of mind.   Today, we have the opportunity to put political differences aside and  come together for the men and women who risk their lives for this  country. Let's pass this bill.   With that, I will turn it over to my friend Senator Jerry Moran.    Mr. President.    Senator Moran, I appreciate your comments on means  testing. It is absolutely a nonstarter. That information is revolving  around on the Hill, and it is best to nip it in the bud, so thank you  for that.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  Veterans' Affairs be discharged and the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of S. 777.    I further ask that the bill be considered read a third  time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, the Senate has just come together to do  our job by Passing the Veterans' COLA Act. We would now urge our House  colleagues to quickly follow suit. Let's continue to show our fighting  men and women that when you get sent off to war, it is with the promise  that you will be cared for when you return home, not through words but  by action.  [[Page S1067]]    With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Tim  VanReken, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the 118th Congress.   