 Mr. Speaker, today I rise to support the U.S.-Taiwan  partnership. I recently joined a congressional delegation to visit  Taiwan. While in Taiwan I met with President Tsai Ing-wen and discussed  our shared national security, economic, and political interests.   I also witnessed firsthand how patriotic and fiercely resilient the  people of this island nation are in the face of an increasingly  aggressive Communist China.   Taiwan is a critical partner to the United States in the Indo-Pacific  region and shares our unwavering commitment to freedom, liberty, and  democracy in every corner of the world.   Moreover, we have longstanding economic ties.   Taiwan is America's eighth largest trading partner, and America is  Taiwan's second largest trading partner.   Taiwan's ingenuity, entrepreneurial spirit, and skilled workforce  have resulted in an island nation of just 23 million people producing  90 percent of the global semiconductor supply--vital components in the  microelectronics ecosystem--and essential to life in our modern digital  age.    In addition to strong economic collaboration, Utah and Taiwan have  strengthened their relationship through educational and cultural  exchange programs.   The decades-long economic, cultural, and geopolitical bond between  our two beloved countries has established a legacy of mutual  understanding, regional security partnership, and deep appreciation for  our shared values.   Unfortunately, the Chinese Communist Party's evil regime increasingly  encroaches on the territorial integrity of Taiwan with provocative  military exercises and the buildup of its armed forces in the region.  This threatens the rules-based international order.   That is why I joined the House Republican majority to establish the  Select House Committee on the Chinese Communist Party to counter the  imminent danger posed by the CCP to the strength, resilience, and  sovereignty of Taiwan.   Mr. Speaker, I was proud to vote ``yes'' on the fiscal year 2024  National Defense Authorization Act, the NDAA, to provide robust  investment in our defensive capabilities in the Taiwan Strait and  support their right to defend themselves from CCP aggression.   As a member of the Congressional Taiwan Caucus, I reaffirm my  commitment to policies that continue to improve the U.S.-Taiwan ties  and enhance America's military infrastructure in the Indo-Pacific  region and ensure peace in the South China Sea.   