 Good afternoon, Madam President. I am here today to urge  my Senate colleagues to join me in considering the confirmation of two  excellent people to serve on the Postal Regulatory Commission, which is  the governing body for the U.S. Postal Service: Robert Taub, who is  currently a commissioner and we are seeking to reconfirm him; and also  Thomas Day, who has come through our Homeland Security and Governmental  Affairs Committee and, I think, unanimously recommended for a position  on the Postal Regulatory Commission.   Both of these public servants have spent literally decades bettering  our country.   Mr. Taub has served on the Commission since 2011, and he actually  served as its chairman for, I think, more than 6 years.   Mr. Day has spent--listen to this--over 35 years at the Postal  Service--35 years at the Postal Service--and another service, as I  recall, in uniform for our country.   I would like to add that we have unanimously confirmed Mr. Taub not  once but twice previously, and there is no doubt that he has served our  country well.   I want to share three stories with you, if I could: a little bit  about the history and the importance of the Postal Service; another  about Mr. Taub's role in making the Agency what it is today; and a  third about Mr. Day's influence on the function of our postal system  across this country.   In 1787, the Founding Fathers of our country gathered in Philadelphia  literally to draft a constitution to be able to outline how a new  country might be formed and actually operate and work for the  betterment of people who lived here then and in the future. They  drafted the Constitution, and they sent that Constitution out across  the 13 colonies and asked the colonies to look at it, kick the tires,  find out what they liked and what they thought ought to be changed.    The first State to actually take it up and affirm--ratify, if you  will--that Constitution was the colony that is now Delaware, the State  of Delaware.   On December 7, 1787, after a week or so of debate at the Golden  Fleece Tavern, the Founding Fathers of Delaware said: We like this  Constitution. They maybe tweaked it a little bit and sent it on down to  the other colonies, who followed suit. Delaware was, for one whole  week, the entire United States of America. Then we opened it up. We let  in Pennsylvania and Maryland. And the rest, I think, has turned out  pretty well, for the most part, until now. Hopefully, we will continue  to exist for many, many years, decades, centuries into the future.   One key element of the Constitution was the creation of the Postal  Service. Our first Postmaster General was actually, believe it or not,  Ben Franklin. Ben Franklin.   The establishment of the Postal Service represented an important  early effort to bind us together as a nation--to bind us together as a  nation--to unite us in communication with one another. That work  continues today as postal workers cover all 50 States. They did it  today; they will do it at  [[Page S4710]]  least 6 days this week--and to also make sure that we have the ability  to provide the Postal Service to the folks who live in the U.S.  territories, deliver the mail that helps unite our families and helps  to grow our businesses and helps, really, to enable our democracy to  function and thrive.   More than two centuries later, we continue to live up to that  promise. In 2006, one of our colleagues, Senator Susan Collins and I  led the passage of the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act  literally on this floor where we are gathered today. That legislation  modernized the Postal Service for the first time, I think, since 1970.   Just last year, we went on to pass, on top of that, the Postal  Service Reform Act to shore up the Agency's financial foundation,  including a requirement for all Postal Service retirees to enroll in  Medicare when they became eligible for those benefits.   Over the past couple of years, I have had the opportunity to work  with Postmaster General Louis DeJoy and the Postal Commission to make  the Agency even more energy efficient.   Together, we successfully secured billions of dollars to expand the  number of electrical vehicles in the Postal Service's delivery fleet.  The Postal Service has one of the biggest delivery fleets in the  country. They also have one of the oldest and one of the most polluted.  What we have done is worked with the leadership of the Postal Service  to make sure that those old vehicles time out. They really, for the  most part, have timed out. They need to be replaced. They are going to  be replaced with vehicles that will not only help us deliver the mail-- and do an even better job of that--but to make sure the delivery  vehicles that are out there aren't making worse the climate crisis that  we are going through as a nation, as a planet.   I want to tell you a little bit more about Mr. Taub, if I could, and  how he has been integral to the changes that we have seen in the Postal  Service, especially as it has become more modern and more efficient.   After spending years as a staff member to Members of Congress and  Ambassadors and working for the Government Accountability Office, Mr.  Taub, native New Yorker, became chief of staff to then Congressman John  McHugh--an old friend and a very good Member of the House; a  Republican, as I recall.   Under Representative McHugh's leadership, Mr. Taub helped to craft  the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act in the House of  Representatives. That is the same legislation that I mentioned earlier  that I worked on with Senator Collins. Together with Representative  McHugh and his team, we ushered the bill to the President's desk, where  it was signed into law, again, in 2006.   This transformation of the Postal Service was just the beginning of  Mr. Taub's involvement with the Postal Service. After establishing his  expertise in the public sector, he continued on beyond this work when  Representative McHugh was appointed Secretary of the Army.   As Secretary McHugh's principal civilian advisor, Mr. Taub helped  lead a workforce of more than--get this--1.2 million people and managed  an annual budget exceeding $200 billion--no small feat. For his  exemplary work, Mr. Taub was awarded the Army's Decoration for  Distinguished Civilian Service.   All this led to Mr. Taub serving on the Postal Regulatory Commission  on not one, not two, but three Presidents, including both Democrats and  Republicans.   He was first nominated to the Commission in 2011, and his strong  leadership led to his appointment as chairman of the Commission in  2014.   As I like to say: In adversity lies opportunity.   And despite the troubles left over from a previous chairman, Mr. Taub  took adversity in stride. He embraced the role of chairman with  diligence and grace. He led a massive undertaking to study and to  revise a postal rate system. As a result was the Postal Accountability  Enhancement Act he helped to pass.   In 2016, his work paid off when he was once again confirmed to be  chairman to the Commission and continued to serve as chairman.   Mr. Day has had an incredible record with the Postal Service as well.  Let me just take a minute to talk about him.   In his 35 years at the Agency, he has held almost every role  imaginable, including that of vice president of the engineering  department and the government affairs department, as well as the chief  sustainability officer.   In his role on the sustainability team, Mr. Day helped lead the  Postal Service into the environmentally conscious practices of the 21st  century.   As chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I know the  importance--that is my role--but I know the importance of our Agencies  carrying out practices that protect our planet. Mr. Day shares this  belief and understands it firsthand.   For example, he has been working to reduce the fuel emissions of the  aging postal fleet I talked about and has done that over the past  decade.   Let me be clear, if I could. The kind of institutional knowledge and  expertise that Mr. Day holds is unique, and it would make him an  extremely valuable asset on the Commission.   Mr. Day also has experience working with the exchange of mail on an  international scale, serving in senior positions at the Universal  Postal Union, the United Nations agency, and at the International Post  Corporation.   On top of that, he is a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West  Point and has bravely served in the U.S. Army. Besides being a captain  and a Vietnam veteran serving in the U.S. Senate, when I learned about  his service in the Army--I am a Navy guy--I said: Different uniforms,  same team, and thanked him for all of his service in uniform as well.   There is no doubt that someone with his commitment to our Nation  would make a terrific addition to the Postal Regulatory Commission.   Together, Mr. Taub and Mr. Day will continue revising the postal rate  system and modernizing the Agency for the betterment of our country.  For this reason, among many others, we think it is imperative that we  confirm both of them--not one of them but both of them--and make sure  the Commission is fully, fully staffed.   Congressional and Postal Service customers rely on the Commission to  hold the Agency accountable for its service performance and to ensure  its prices follow the law and its practices follow the law, and it is  our duty to make sure the Agency can perform at the highest level,  including for the good of our planet.   I like to say service to others is the rent we pay for the space we  take up on this Earth. I think Mr. Taub and Mr. Day's decades of  service to this country is more rent than most of us will ever be asked  to pay.   I urge our colleagues to confirm both Mr. Taub and Mr. Day to ensure  that the Postal Regulatory Commission can continue to do its important  work on behalf of all of us, who are the fortunate beneficiaries of the  Constitution that was written all those years ago and the promise it  provided for our country.   With that, Madam President, I would note the absence of a quorum, and  I thank the Presiding Officer and I thank my colleagues and ask for  their support of the nomination of these two excellent, excellent  candidates.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   