 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chair, my amendment will help to safeguard the privacy of  America's farmers and ranchers that work day and night to produce the  food the world relies on.   This amendment would give our agricultural producers and food  processors the opportunity to impose unmanned aircraft restrictions  around their operations upon a formal request to prevent drones  unauthorized access to their land.   In 2016, Congress created a process by which critical infrastructure  facilities can impose restrictions on drone flights around their  operations.   The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency designates the  food and agriculture sector as a critical infrastructure sector, which  is so vital to the United States that its success is imperative to our  national security and our economic security.   In the event of an emergency situation or disaster, protection of our  agricultural land across the country is going to be vital.   Intelligence officials have even gone so far to warn that America's  agriculture industry has been targeted by suspicious drone activity,  potentially by domestic terrorists or other bad actors.   Food security is national security, plain and simple.   This amendment would ensure that we give our farmers, ranchers, and  food producers the same ability to restrict the use of drones around  these facilities that we give to amusement parks, outdoor facilities,  and a variety of other interests that do not have similar national  security implications.   Mr. Chair, I urge every Member in this body to support my amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I will point out that this amendment  is structured and written in such a way that this does not apply to all  agricultural and food production facilities. It only applies to the  very few largest operations in the United States, the ones that, in  fact, supply 80 percent of the food production in this country.   There is a national security risk here. We talk at length in this  Chamber all the time about how agriculture is becoming a national  security issue.   Mr. Chair, I encourage all of the Members in the House to vote for  this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   