 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me  [[Page H4312]]  some time today. I rise in support of this legislation that will put a  full stop to my own State of New York from banning affordable, reliable  gas-powered vehicles.   Last year, Governor Kathy Hochul announced that New York State--not  to be outdone by Democrats in California--would move forward with a ban  on the sale of new gas-powered vehicles by 2035.   Mr. Speaker, this asinine approach is only the latest in a long list  of actions taken by the Biden administration and by Democrats in my own  State to foist new bans, regulations, and costs onto the backs of  hardworking middle-class Americans.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle, they want the American  people to believe that ditching our internal combustion engines for  battery-powered cars is a silver bullet to a greener, cleaner future.   My constituents in rural upstate New York are facing energy costs  that are 30 percent higher than previous years, and those costs are  projected only to increase further and further.   Rural towns and communities in western New York and the Southern Tier  along the Pennsylvania border, they cannot survive on transportation  that is solely battery powered, given the long distances driven,  charger accessibility, and lack of reliability that comes with the  current crop of EVs.   Last week, President Biden's own Energy Secretary Granholm put on a  master class on the issues rural Americans will face, from failing to  find working charging stations to long wait times. Her EV road trip was  a total disaster. It was like an episode of ``Veep,'' and we cannot  make this a reality of everyday Americans.   Not only is it costly, not only is it impractical, but our electric  grids are not capable of handling this latest burden. The latest  reports by New York's own independent service operator show that New  York State's electrical grid is strained and approaching a breaking  point as Governor Hochul and Democrats in Albany ban everything  connected to fossil fuels, from stoves to cars to natural gas hookups  in buildings and private homes.    It is very simple, Mr. Speaker--banning gas vehicles forces New  Yorkers and Californians, and one day all Americans if we keep going  down this path, to live in an energy future that is less affordable,  less safe, and more dependent than ever on our most dangerous  adversary--China.   I strongly support this underlying legislation today and this rule as  a step towards ensuring America does not follow the lead of the radical  left in California, and New York. Let's put a stop to these nonsensical  bans that only benefit our foreign adversaries while making life much  harder for everyday Americans.   