 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague from  Wisconsin for advancing this bill.   I rise in strong support of S. 2747, and I will probably be repeating  and underscoring some of the things my good friend said, because this  is important legislation. We should take time out to acknowledge how  important it is.   This bill extends the Federal Election Commission's Administrative  Fine Program for certain campaign finance reporting violations, which,  as my good friend mentioned, has been extended several times in the  past, last time through President Trump, and this will take it through  the end of 2033.   The important program allows the FEC to assess administrative fines  against those who fail to timely report their receipts and  disbursements. The FEC relies heavily on the Administrative Fine  Program to enforce campaign finance law.   It has been remarkably successful, as has been said. Since the year  2000, the FEC has made public more than 4,000 violations, and, through  the program,  [[Page H6749]]  has assessed more than $8.8 million in fines.   It is important to note, before the program began, an average of 21  percent of campaign finance reports were filed late. Since the  Administrative Fine Program has been in place, that number has been  reduced to less than 10 percent.   The FEC has made it clear to Congress that this program is one of the  most effective tools it currently has to combat campaign finance  violations, and the extension of the program, which expires at the end  of this year, is indeed vital.   Extending the Administrative Fine Program is the Commission's top- priority, bipartisan legislative recommendation, and the Commissioners  reiterated the need to extend the program during a hearing in front of  the Committee on House Administration in September.   Further, this extension has wide bipartisan support. A version of  this extension, I will just note parenthetically, was included in both  the Democrats' Freedom to Vote Act and the Republicans' ACE Act. It is  interesting when we can get an agreement on two bills which vary pretty  dramatically. I was grateful to partner with Chairman Steil on the  House version of this extension.   Transparency and accountability in campaign finance are crucial to  ensuring a healthy democracy. More than a century ago, Associate  Justice of the United States Supreme Court Louis Brandeis declared  that: ``Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants.'' This  counsel, encouraging transparency and promoting good governance,  remains vitally important to any strong civil society today.   Transparency about who is seeking to influence Federal elections is  crucial to democratic self-governance. This is the purpose of the FEC,  and this bipartisan act, S. 2747, will ensure that the FEC can continue  to use one of its most effective tools to carry out its vital mission.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support S. 2747 to  help preserve a crucial program and key tool enforcing our Nation's  transparency and accountability laws.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity to be  here with my colleagues. It is interesting to me, as I went home over  the weekend, there were a number of public events. One of the things  people are concerned about in Congress, when they watch us, is that we  often seem to have the inability to agree on anything.   Well, I remind people that is not always true. There are things that  we do agree on. There are things that are important to this government  and important to our democracy. I think this is a great example of  people coming together on both sides to support an important tool that  can be used to ensure our elections have the confidence of the American  people and make sure that candidates who seek office are providing the  kind of information necessary for transparency and accountability, as  my good friend from Wisconsin has said.   I thank the chairman and the members of the committee. It is a  privilege to be here, and I encourage all colleagues to support this  piece of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   