 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to  allow the Department of Defense excess property 1033 program to be  administered as intended by Congress to assist State and local law  enforcement agencies.   For more than 25 years, this program has often allowed cash-strapped  local law enforcement jurisdictions to get the equipment they need to  help our communities stay safe at a low cost. I am proud this amendment  is supported by the National Association of Police Organizations, the  National Sheriffs' Association, and the Florida Police Benevolent  Association.   Through the 1033 program, the Defense Logistics Agency transfers  unneeded excess military property to State, local, and Tribal law  enforcement agencies. This property ranges from helicopters and  vehicles to computers and medical supplies. This program has been  crucial in allowing State and local law enforcement to acquire items  needed for search and rescue operations, disaster response, active- shooter situations, and other situations with equipment they otherwise  could not afford.   The 1033 program is not militarization of the police but an important  tool in protecting our communities.   Last May, President Biden issued an executive order titled:  ``Advancing Effective, Accountable Policing and Criminal Justice  Practices to Enhance Public Trust and Public Safety.''   Despite what its title indicates, this executive order actually  jeopardizes our public safety by effectively eliminating law  enforcement's access to this vital surplus equipment. The EO institutes  onerous reporting requirements and gives President Biden's politicized  Department of Justice veto power over lawful transfers of equipment.   This effort is a continuation of the Obama administration's policies  that discount the critical needs of police officers in the interests of  political optics, often for the far left's defund the police movement.   This amendment is simple. It rolls back this misguided EO. It  requires the Secretary of Defense to make all excess equipment meeting  the definition of controlled property available for transfer through  the 1033 program.   This is important. Congress has prohibited the transfer of bayonets,  grenades, weaponized tracked combat vehicles, and weaponized drones  under the program. President Biden, however, overruled congressional  intent by implementing this executive order unilaterally barring  additional items from the 1033 program.   The program was authorized by Congress to keep our communities safe  from violent criminals and help local law enforcement respond to  natural disasters. Contrary to the narrative on the other side of the  aisle, access to this equipment is vital to these law enforcement  agencies' ability to protect our communities. There are countless  examples in which this now-prohibited equipment proved vital for law  enforcement.   Our State and local law enforcement put their lives on the line to  keep us safe. Their jobs are tough enough. We cannot seek to demonize  them, defund them, or certainly deprive them of the equipment they  need.   This amendment doesn't fully address many of the burdensome paperwork  and regulations that President Biden has placed on the program. It is a  good first step to get them the equipment they need as Congress  intended.   Mr. Chair, I urge support for this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Good).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, we talk a lot about misinformation. There are  no instances of artillery, missiles, flamethrowers, or anything else  that has been said about this being passed on to law enforcement that  is prohibited by Congress, and this amendment would not change that.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   