 Mr. President, the Senate still mandates a COVID booster  vaccine for pages. The Senate COVID vaccine mandate for pages continues  despite the fact that the Senate voted 83 to 11 to repeal the military  COVID vaccine mandate. So why in the world would we continue a mandate  on pages that we have repealed for our soldiers? Is there any science  to support continuing this mandate? The answer is an emphatic no.   The science has been clear since the early spring of 2020. Healthy  children are not seriously affected by COVID. In fact, several large  studies show that healthy children are rarely hospitalized and that  deaths from COVID in healthy children are virtually nonexistent.   Dr. Martin Makary of Johns Hopkins describes a large, nationwide  study in Israel that found that the risk of COVID death in people under  30 with two vaccines was essentially zero. A nationwide study from  Germany showed zero COVID deaths among children over 5 who had no  comorbidities. Even the head of the WHO, Soumya Swaminathan, concluded  that there is no evidence right now that suggests healthy children and  adolescents need boosters. Yet here we are, with Democrats desperately  clinging to COVID vaccine mandates for young people who have  essentially zero risk of dying from COVID.   Common sense should prevail, and the Senate should repeal this  mandate, just as we did for our young soldiers. We shouldn't allow  politics to infect and cloud commonsense judgment.   The vaccine committees that make recommendations for vaccines  actually don't recommend COVID boosters for young, healthy individuals.  The FDA's Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee  voted to limit COVID vaccines to adults over 65. They wanted, because  of the risk profile of the COVID vaccine, to limit it to people who  were at risk for dying from COVID. A CDC vaccine panel also voted  against recommending boosters for young, healthy individuals. But these  committees that have lifelong scientists on them who voted not to  advise the booster vaccine for adolescents were overruled by a  political appointee, Biden appointee Rochelle Walensky.   Dr. Paul Offit, who is the director of the Vaccine Education Center  and professor of pediatrics and infectious disease at Children's  Hospital in Philadelphia, wrote that ``a healthy young person with [two  COVID vaccines] is extremely unlikely to be hospitalized with covid, so  the case for risking any side effects--such as myocarditis--diminishes  substantially.'' Dr. Offit, a lifelong proponent of vaccines, even  advised his own son not to get the COVID booster.   The argument against mandating COVID boosters on young, healthy  people is not just that they are unnecessary but that the COVID  boosters may actually harm young individuals. Reports of heart  inflammation or myocarditis after COVID vaccines have been consistent  and worldwide.   A study in the Journal of the American Medical Association Cardiology  examined 23 million people across Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden  and found that the risk of myocarditis increased with COVID  vaccination, particularly after the second dose. This is exactly why  several European countries, including Germany, France, Sweden, Denmark,  and Norway, restrict the use of COVID vaccines among young, healthy  people. Some countries, such as South Africa and England, recommend  only one COVID vaccine to avoid the risk of myocarditis.  [[Page S4573]]    A study in the Journal of Medical Ethics similarly found about 1.5  cases of myocarditis per 10,000 COVID vaccines but with 80 percent of  the kids who suffer from a heart inflammation still having symptoms 3  months later.   Drs. Prasad and Knudsen looked at 29 studies across 3 continents and  also found an increase in myocarditis after COVID vaccines. The studies  reviewed by Prasad and Knudsen showed a little more than 2 cases of  myocarditis per 15,000 vaccines.   Even the CDC admits that myocarditis occurs about once per 15,000  vaccines.   Dr. Tracey Beth Hoeg looked at the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting  System and found 1.62 adverse cardiac events per 10,000 vaccines. Now,  that doesn't sound like a high number, but we are talking about a  perfectly healthy kid. How would you feel if your perfectly healthy  young football player or band member is given the vaccine and comes  home with a heart inflammation? It is actually diagnosed with rising  heart enzymes the same way that a heart attack is diagnosed. Hoeg found  that the risk of myocarditis was five times greater than the risk of  hospitalization from COVID.   So you are asking yourself, well, could my kid go to the hospital or  could he get a heart inflammation? Both are rare, but the chance of  your kid getting a heart inflammation from the vaccine is five times  greater than your kid being hospitalized from COVID.   The Vaccine Safety Datalink similarly found a little over 2 cases of  myocarditis per 15,000 vaccines.   This is across the scientific literature, across all the continents,  across the world, and is a consistent finding that even our government  admits to. But the Democrats want submission. They don't want you to  have the choice to keep your kid safe and make a decision whether or  not your kid, who may well have already had COVID, needs yet another  vaccine.   Why are we forcing these kids to do something that I would say is  against medical advice to be a page in our program here? The Senate  continues to look away from all the evidence of myocarditis. In each of  these studies, the risk of myocarditis increases with each vaccine.  About 90 percent of the myocarditis or heart inflammation occurs after  the second vaccine. Yet, inexplicably, the Senate pages are being  mandated to take three vaccines. There are all kinds of compromises.  You could say one; you could say two; but three--you are increasing the  risk with each successive vaccine. Not only are three COVID vaccines  unwarranted for young, healthy individuals, this mandate actually risks  their health.   It is the height of malpractice to subject young, healthy kids to  three COVID vaccines. In fact, nowhere in the examination or discussion  of whether they should have the vaccine is there any discussion of  whether they have had COVID.   So what is a vaccine? It is meant to simulate having had the  infection. Shouldn't they tell us the data on children or adults? If  you have had the infection, what is your chance of getting it again?  What is your chance of going to the hospital? What is your chance of  dying from COVID if you have already had it? They won't tell us for  adolescents because the answer is zero.   Originally, the logic of advocates for the COVID vaccine mandates  argue that the vaccines were not necessarily for the children but to  protect their parents and grandparents. This argument now holds no  water, as even the zealous advocates of mandates, such as Biden's CDC  Director Rochelle Walensky, admit that COVID vaccines do not anymore  prevent transmission. So the side of the people promoting these  mandates admits they don't stop transmission. Now, they may well still  reduce hospitalization and death if you are in the target category--the  elderly or those with health disease--but for young, healthy kids,  there is no effect other than to increase their risk of a heart  inflammation.   A Danish study confirms that by December 2021, the COVID vaccine's  effectiveness was less than 10 percent. The virus had mutated on, and  the vaccine had not been changed.   A study from January 2022 of over 1.2 million children in New York  shows that the vaccine effectiveness was 10 percent. It wasn't stopping  transmission, it wasn't stopping them from getting the disease, and it  wasn't protecting their health.   No serious scientist now argues that COVID vaccines stop  transmission--no one. Yet here we are, with Democrats saying: You are  not smart enough to make your own decisions. We will make these medical  choices for you.   When we look at the effectiveness of the COVID booster, we ask, what  is the science toward whether or not a booster is effective? Isn't this  booster now formulated against the newer variants? Yes, the booster is  directed against newer variants, but about every 3 months or so, the  virus changes enough that the latest vaccine is no longer effective.   In fact, the CDC has largely given up testing the boosters and the  new vaccines for effectiveness. Instead, in pushing for all children to  get COVID booster vaccines, the CDC doesn't argue that the booster  stops transmission; it doesn't argue that it prevents hospitalization  or death. So what argument does the CDC have for continuing to promote  boosters on our children? The CDC readily admits the vaccines don't  stop transmission in any group.   As to hospitalization and death, the CDC can't show any evidence that  the booster lessens hospitalization or death among young people. Why?  Because the rate is already virtually zero. It is hard to prove that  the booster is helping anything when no healthy kids are dying from  COVID.   The CDC can't prove that the booster helps because it is impossible  to improve upon the already low incidence of severe disease among young  people. In fact, when the CDC approved the COVID booster for children,  they didn't even argue that it was effective or that it prevented  anything; what they argued is that the kids will make antibodies if you  give them a vaccine, which means absolutely nothing.   I have challenged Anthony Fauci on this, on the lack of  effectiveness. An antibody response simply means that the vaccine  generates an immune response but tells you nothing about disease  prevention. It tells you nothing about preventing hospitalization. It  tells you nothing about infectiousness. It tells you nothing about  death rate. In fact, you could give every kid in the country 100  different COVID boosters, and they will make antibodies each time. That  doesn't mean they need 100 boosters.   What they have done is they have given up on trying to prove that the  booster has any effect on their health, and they just want you to shut  your eyes, be quiet, and do as you are told. This is the Democrat  policy. This is the Democrat medical policy for you: Shut up and do as  you are told. Take the injection. We don't care if your kid might get  sick. We don't care if you might have a choice. We don't care if you  have any say in your kid's medical care.   In a free society, no one should be forced to undergo a medical  procedure against their will. In a free society, no one should be  forced to receive an injection into their body that they do not wish to  have.   The Democratic Party's support for medical choice seems selective and  inconsistent. What ever happened to my body, my choice?   Vaccine mandates for children, who are at virtually no risk for COVID  death, create vaccine hesitancy among the public. The public is well  aware that healthy children do not die from COVID, and they rightly  have resisted COVID vaccines on their children. But the vast overreach  of vaccine mandates actually creates among the public a tendency to  doubt and disbelieve the government's overall vaccine message. Because  of the dishonest, over-the-top mandates on children, the public wonders  if the government messengers are downplaying other risks.   It is, however, true that the vast majority of people at risk for  serious COVID have indeed already been vaccinated. Over 97 percent of  people over 65 watched the news, learned of their friends, watched  their neighbors, found out who is dying, and they took the vaccine  voluntarily.   If vaccine advocates want the public to continue to listen to public  health pronouncements, then they need to end the nonsensical vaccine  mandates on our kids. A good start would be ending the ill-advised  COVID booster mandate for our Senate pages.  [[Page S4574]]    So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  Rules and Administration be discharged from further consideration and  the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 336; further, that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, the accusation has been made that my purpose  is somehow to undermine vaccines and have people question vaccines.  But, obviously, the arguments were not listened to because in no part  of my arguments or any of my public statements have I ever said  anything in general that vaccines are bad. In fact, as a physician, I  am most fascinated by the development of vaccines. The stories of the  development of the smallpox vaccine and the polio vaccine were all  tremendous scientific successes, and there continue to be. My argument  is simply for medical freedom.   Now, there has been a disingenuous argument made by the other side.  They say that I am proposing a mandate, that this will be a legal  mandate and that there is no mandate.   If you want to be a page, there is a mandate. Now, they say you can  just choose not to be a page, but this affects the rest of our society.   So if your kid gets into Yale or Princeton or Harvard or the  University of Chicago, many of those schools follow the lead of the  Senate, follow the lead of the Senate doctors, and say your kid has to  have three vaccines. But if you look at the evidence carefully that I  have laid out, you will find that the scientific studies across all  continents, across the world, across the United States--studies of  millions of people--show that the vaccines have some downside and  danger, particularly for children.   Not once have I said that the elderly shouldn't be vaccinated. In  fact, for my 92-year-old and 86-year-old in-laws, we suggested and  tried to get them the vaccine as soon as we could. My wife was  vaccinated. Now, I chose not to be vaccinated because I had the disease  in the first couple weeks of COVID and had immunity.   And the studies turned out--and these are studies of over a million  people in California and New York. The studies turned out to show that  actually having had the disease does give you immunity, and it is  actually twice as potent as the vaccine.   When I say that, the left gets apoplectic, and they say: Oh, my  goodness, you are saying people should just get sick to get immunity.   I am not saying that at all. But I am saying that, if you have gotten  sick, you have immunity. And we should be honest with people because  some people have had two vaccines and they want to know: Do I need a  third one?   Well, let's release the data on people who have had two vaccines plus  COVID, and tell us how many people are subsequently getting it again,  going to the hospital, or dying. Wouldn't you want to know that before  you take your third, fourth, fifth, six, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth  vaccine? Release the data. But, in a free country, we make these  decisions.   The other side argued that, well, what if one of the pages has health  conditions. No part of our resolution says anything about them not  getting a vaccine. Anybody in this country can freely get a vaccine. If  their parents and they decide to get a vaccine, by all means, do it.  Nothing in my resolution would prevent pages or anyone else from  getting a vaccine. What I am arguing for is freedom.  [[Page S4575]]    As far as the idea that this will be permanent and unwavering and  won't be able to recognize what new diseases come upon us, every new  disease requires reevaluation--every new disease. It doesn't mean the  concept of freedom changes. What would happen is everyone will still  evaluate this.   The evaluation of this vaccine when it first came out at the end of  2020, early 2021, was different than it is now, frankly. It is also  different if you have had it. People should just be honest with you.   I am not saying don't take a booster or that you can't take a  booster. Go take all you want. I am saying the government's job should  be to give you information, and I am saying the opposite of what he  actually made a point of.   Vaccine hesitancy or people undermining the belief that vaccines work  comes from people who tell you things that are dishonest and untrue.  There is no science--and I am adamant about what I am saying here.  There is no science that the booster for your children reduces the  transmission of the disease. There is no reduction in your child's  ability to get COVID if they take a COVID booster--zero. The other side  accepts this. Rochelle Walensky, Biden's nominee, accepts this--no  change in transmission with the vaccine.    How about hospitalization and death? There is still some data that  people at risk for this can have reduced hospitalization, not  transmission. They can still catch it, but maybe reduced  hospitalization and death.   Most of this data came in the previous iterations, when we had the  wild variety in 2020. Then we got Delta. Then we got Omicron. But we  have now advanced two or three iterations out. And the one thing we are  lucky about that the government should be honest with you is that with  each successive iteration, with each successive mutation and variant,  the good news is this: It has become less deadly. It has become less  deadly because the virus is now less deadly but also because the  community has more immunity. So immunity has developed; the virus has  evolved to become less deadly, and we are in a much better situation.   But government medicine and government health policy shouldn't be  about telling Americans what to do. It should be about giving  information. The government should never be in the business of  mandating, whether it is masks or vaccines or any of this other stuff.  You wear it. You do it if you want--your body, your choice.   But there is a lot of conflicting data here, and you really need to  be informed to make an informed choice. There is some data the  government is still preventing from being released so you can't tell.   With regard to the masks, we now know that there was a meta-analysis  of 78 different randomized controlled studies called the Cochrane  analysis, and they found that masks did not prevent the transmission in  public. In fact, what they found was there was no evidence that more  significant mandates or more significant use changed the transmission  at all.   This had been the accepted conclusion by all of the medical world  before 2020. We had never advised masks in public for influenza because  with influenza, the size of the virus--the same as the size of COVID-- is much smaller than the pores of the mask. We found people really  cannot wear the masks without touching them. We found that air goes  around the mask. But, ultimately, we looked at public, large  populations, and we found that they just didn't prevent the disease.   Does that mean you can't wear a mask? No. Wear a mask if you think it  makes you more healthy. In the hospital, they said: Well, doctors wear  them.   Of course we do. If you go into a COVID patient's room--and I  volunteered in the hospital after I got COVID. I got it very early, and  I felt comfortable going in there because I had already had the  disease. But wearing a mask made sense to go into the room of someone  with COVID. We wore the N95 mask because it actually, if worn properly,  will protect from the particles. We also washed our hands, wore gloves,  and wore gowns. And as we came out, we took off the gloves, the gowns,  and the masks and threw them away immediately. And we did it again into  the next patient's room.   Done properly, there can be some--it still doesn't work completely  because, still, a lot of doctors and nurses got COVID, but it is  probably worth a try.   In the public setting, it just doesn't work, frankly. Nobody can do  that. A lot of people don't know this, but the N95 mask--in which,  actually, the pores are small enough--works with something called an  electrostatic charge. And after you breathe into it for about 4 hours,  the moisture from your exhaled breath actually changes the  electrostatic charge, and it is not as effective in preventing the  ingress or egress of the COVID virus.   But, really, what we are arguing here--there can be two sides to  every argument. What we are arguing about, what we are discussing is  who should make the choice. The Democratic majority believes that they  should make the choices for your healthcare and that kids belong to  them.   This is the same argument we had in education in Virginia, when you  had the parents in Northern Virginia saying, ``We want to be involved  in our children's education,'' and you had the Democratic nominee for  Governor in Virginia come out in a debate and say that kids don't  belong to their parents; the school will make these decisions; it is  none of your business; stay out of it.   That is what they are telling the pages and their parents--that it is  none of their business, their healthcare.   And it could be different for any of them. If a page had a kidney  transplant or has leukemia and their parents want them to have the  vaccine, it is probably a reasonable thing to do. But if they are young  and healthy and have no medical problems, it turns out, if you look  objectively at the data, that they have five times greater risk of  getting a heart inflammation than they do of being hospitalized for  COVID. These are the statistics. People should just be aware of that.   And good, honest people could still disagree on this. But what  happens in a free country is you make your decision. You make your  decision of which doctor you take them to. If you don't appreciate the  opinion of that doctor and you don't trust that doctor, you go to  another. And sometimes, it is complicated. Sometimes, mothers and  fathers don't agree.   But who wants to give a political party the power to make these  decisions for your children? How would you feel if your young, healthy  football player or band member or choir member got the COVID vaccine  and then has a heart problem that permanently impairs them for the rest  of their life, when they had zero chance of dying from COVID and  virtually no chance of being hospitalized?   Wouldn't you want your government to release the data on what it  means if your kid has already had COVID? Let's say your kid has already  had one or two vaccines and they have already had COVID. What does that  mean? Don't you think having COVID might replace the need for more  vaccines?   Your immunity is also broader. The vaccine gives immunity to one  protein on the surface, the S protein on the surface of the cell. When  you actually get infected, your body destroys the cells that have the  virus in, and, as the virus empties out its inner contents, nucleic  capsids and nuclear proteins, you actually get a broader immunity.   Now, the left misinterprets this. The left says: You want everybody  to get sick, and people are going to die.   I don't want anybody to get sick. All I am telling you is people  should be given the information. Most of us have had COVID. What does  it mean? What does it mean if you have had two vaccines and COVID? What  does that mean toward your future? What does it mean toward your need  for more vaccines?   But, ultimately, what we are talking about here is freedom. What we  are talking about is who should make the medical choices: the  government, the Democratic Party, or whether or not we should leave  this to parents and their kids. And I, for one, say that we ought to  have medical freedom. In a free country, every individual should be  free to make those decisions.   