 Madam President, I rise today to express my strong support  for the Women's Health Protection Act, to restore abortion access to  women all across our country.   Now, I first want to address what the Court did in Dobbs, a truly  astonishing and tragic decision. What the Court did is, for the first  time, take away a constitutional right--in this case, a right that  women had enjoyed to make their own decisions about reproductive  choice, something that the Court had enshrined in Roe v. Wade.   The whole history of making a more perfect Union in this country has  been about expanding that we all are created equal, that we all have  rights under the law that will be protected. And the Supreme Court, in  the Dobbs decision, reversed that, where the Court played this  destructive role of taking away the constitutional right that our women  in this country have enjoyed.   The reasoning in that case, referred to by Justice Thomas, suggested  that if there wasn't a right that was enumerated very specifically in  the Constitution at the time it was written, then that right cannot be  protected. It really implies, according to that reasoning, that  interracial marriage could be struck down, that contraception should be  struck down.   So the decision that the Court made in Dobbs and the reasoning in  Dobbs is a real threat to the privacy rights that each and every  American enjoys to make decisions about their own autonomy.   We have reacted around the country, with some States stepping up to  protect abortion rights and other States enacting significant abortion  restrictions. So what has happened with the Court decision in Dobbs is  that we have created this immense division. For 50 years, all the women  in this country had a right to make their decision and respect the  decision that another woman made. That might be to terminate a  pregnancy; it might be to take that pregnancy to term. But that was an  individual decision that the individual woman had to make herself, in  consultation with whomever it is she chose to consult.   It created the opportunity for unity and for acceptance by respecting  the individual nature of that decision and the individual right of that  person affected to make that decision, not to have a decision made, as  Senator Klobuchar mentioned, by politicians.   Now, in Vermont, we voted across the State to constitutionally  protect the right of a woman to make her own decision. So we enjoy, in  Vermont, on a bipartisan basis--something that was supported by our  Republican Governor as well as all our constitutional officers--we have  protected the right of a woman to choose.   When I talk to Vermont women, as happy as they are that Vermont  stepped up to protect their right to make their decision, they believe,  as I do, that any woman's right should not be based on the ZIP Code  they live in. It should be universal.   The Women's Health Protection Act makes it the right of every woman  in every ZIP Code to make her own personal decision. By the way, that  creates unity because it is not telling a person what decision they  should make; it is accepting their right to make the decision and  respecting the decision they make.   Now, women have been the leaders in this--and rightly so--because the  women in this country have been most affected, but men have a very big  responsibility to stand up in solidarity with our women, who have a  right to protect their own bodily autonomy and to make their decision.   What we have seen with this patchwork of laws is not just confusion  but peril and anxiety. It is peril and anxiety for a woman who may run  afoul of that State law made by politicians. It has also created  enormous uncertainty and anxiety for our providers who have to navigate  whether the decision they have to make about providing a service is  legal, and whatever decision they make can be challenged by some  citizen seeking a bounty to hold that person to account for essentially  stepping forward and providing services to a woman that they are  entitled to receive.   So the Women's Health Protection Act is absolutely essential--both to  protect the individual right of that woman to make her own decision,  and it is also essential for us to create unity rather than division on  something that is so essential, so personal, and so important.   So, along with my colleagues who are speaking on behalf of this  legislation today, I urge all of our colleagues in the Senate to  support this bill and protect and preserve the right of women in this  country to make the decision that they deem best for them.  [[Page S702]]    I yield the floor.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, the  Senator is working very diligently to achieve a goal that all of us  share. The basic question right now is going to be whether to have a  60-day extension that has been agreed to by the House or to have an  extension, as the Senator is proposing, until the end of the fiscal  year.   The bottom line--and it is the judgment of many--is that sticking  with the 60-day extension is beneficial to achieving the goal of having  the parties who are now negotiating come to a longer term resolution  even beyond the end of the fiscal year. We have got to extend,  ultimately, the spectrum authority beyond 60 days or beyond the end of  the fiscal year. We really have to extend it for a much greater period  of time in order to achieve the goals that are shared between all of  us.   Senator Rounds' bill, of course, as I mentioned, would extend things  until September 30. We think that is going to take pressure off  negotiators, and we have some confidence that if we keep that 60-day  status, we are going to get to that long-term goal.   Further, the House has made it clear that they are not going to take  up any bill that moves the date to September 30. So that is just the  reality we have to deal with. Others may agree with Senator Rounds to  push it to September 30, but the best information we have is that the  other body has no intention of taking up that bill. If that were the  case and we were to pass a bill extending to September 30 but the House  doesn't take it up, then the spectrum authority expires, and that is  bad for everybody. It sends the wrong signal, obviously, as well, to  our allies and our competitors.   We just can't afford to risk a lapse of authority. Given the reality  of the time constraints we are under, even if the Senate were to pass  Senator Rounds' bill, we would have a situation where it would be  rejected by the House--that is our best judgment--and there would be a  lapse in authority, which would be very threatening to the well-being  of all of us concerned.   So, on that basis, I offer this objection to the unanimous consent  request of my colleague from South Dakota.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of H.R. 1108, to extend the Federal  Communications Commission's authority to auction spectrum.   Congress has never let the FCC's spectrum auction authority lapse  before, and we can't do it now. As I noted in my earlier comments,  spectrum is critical to our modern communications system--something  that, actually, Senator Rounds has spoken so eloquently to--so we have  to keep it going. We need an FCC and an NTIA that respect all Federal  incumbent uses of spectrum, especially those uses that protect our  national security. Again, I acknowledge the comments of Senator Rounds.   As we consider the reauthorization of the FCC's auction authority, it  is important to recognize we are entering a really new era in the  United States' spectrum strategy. This new strategy has to be  comprehensive to ensure our remaining spectrum is put to its highest  and best use, and we must ensure we don't impact or interfere with our  national security as we try to get further benefits from the civilian  sector for spectrum utilization.   H.R. 1108's 2-month extension would allow for the further development  of this comprehensive approach. As I mentioned earlier, folks are  really working on that, and we don't want to take the pressure off. We  want to keep the pedal to the metal and see if they can reach an  agreement.   Importantly, H.R. 1108's 2-month extension does not slow down or  otherwise limit the Department of Defense's study of the lower 3  gigahertz band under the bipartisan infrastructure law. I just want to  reiterate that. The DOD can continue with its study. It will remain on  track to complete its study by September 30.   This extension also doesn't change the requirement that any  reallocation decisions for the band must wait until after the DOD  finishes its study. So there is consensus here that we have to make  certain the DOD's national security equities are front and center.   What this extension would do is to ensure that the critical work of  our Agencies and wireless ecosystem does continue undisrupted.   Maintaining the FCC's auction authority will allow Congress to work  quickly toward developing forward-thinking spectrum policy that both  protects our national security and encourages the development of new  technologies.   It is very important, especially now that time is of the essence, for  us to develop our own spectrum strategy and stay ahead of our  competitors. So every month that we stall on a comprehensive spectrum  bill is more time for our rivals to get ahead of us.   For all of those reasons, I am asking my colleagues to support H.R.  1108's 2-month extension of the FCC's auction authority as my  colleagues and I work toward a comprehensive spectrum legislation  package to ensure that the United States continues to lead in spectrum  innovation and policy.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of H.R. 1108, which was received from the  House and is at the desk; further, that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, just to remark, here is the dilemma we  have. Much of what the Senator from South Dakota is saying I agree  with, but we have two things that are relevant on a very practical  level.   One is the pressure that continues to be brought to bear on the  negotiators with the 60-day extension to get a final agreement, which  would solve the problems that all of us face and are of concern to the  Senator from South Dakota.   The second is a political one. It has been conveyed to us very  clearly that the House will not take up anything beyond the 60-day  extension. We may think they are wrong, but they have the authority to  reject an extension beyond the 60 days. That would result in a lapse in  spectrum authority, which would be devastating to all of us and all of  the goals we are striving to achieve.   So that is the practical question we face.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   