 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment No. 121 that  prevents any funds in today's bill from being used to implement  recommendations made by the Biden administration's Interagency Working  Group on Mining.   This last September, the Working Group released a 168-page report  containing 65 different recommendations. There are a few  recommendations in this report that were helpful but, unfortunately,  the vast majority further undermine, rather than facilitate, our  industry and congressional efforts to secure our own domestic mineral  supply.   The Biden administration knows and acknowledges that a strong U.S.  mining supply chain is critical. They are aware that demand for  minerals is skyrocketing, doubling over the last 5 years and will  continue to grow. They know that we are dangerously dependent on  overseas suppliers, in particular adversaries like China, Russia, and  other unstable countries, for minerals that are essential to our  economic competitiveness and national security.   Examples of this can be seen in countries like Peru and Chile, which  combined produce about 40 percent of the world's supply of copper. Peru  has gone through seven Presidents in the last few years. In Chile, the  government is  [[Page H5355]]  now making plans to nationalize the country's lithium supply. Despite  acknowledging this as a national security issue, the Biden  administration continues to attack our American suppliers with layer,  upon layer, upon layer of burdensome, duplicative, and unworkable  regulations.   The Biden administration needs to do more than just talk about a  strong, stable American economy. They need to act by fostering a strong  domestic minerals supply. Unfortunately, they continue to do the  opposite by proposing inconsistent, uncoordinated, and insufficient  policies that slow our progress to independence through self-imposed  barriers.   The recommendations in this report embolden our adversaries and are  not beneficial to America. Countries like Australia, Canada, and even  the European Union have committed to increase domestic production. All  of them have developed long-term strategies to be the global suppliers  of choice for minerals. Under this administration, the United States  has yet to put together a long-term strategy. Other countries will be  competing for the same global mineral supply, at the same time, putting  stress on America's ability to source additional volumes outside of our  country.   My State of Utah produces large amounts of copper, gold, magnesium,  and silver. We are the global leader in beryllium, which is used for  aerospace and national security applications. We need to allow these  producers to thrive and to do what they do best. It is well known that  the United States has a higher standard than any other country when it  comes to quality, safety, cleanliness of process and product. We have  an opportunity to emerge as a world leader in the mineral mining space.  This administration needs to stop standing in our way.   Many of these dangerous report recommendations would only reinforce  China as the permanent leader in minerals. This is not good for our  country, our economy, our jobs, our industry, and, most importantly,  for our national security. We should not, therefore, use Federal funds  to administer or enforce these recommendations. Hopefully, the  administration will go back to the drawing board and, with an America  First mindset, create a durable and sustainable strategy that would  actually help our domestic mineral supply chain and the American  worker, not the Communist Chinese Government. The risk is far too great  when we are already decades behind.   Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I think the question is why is it so difficult  for us to understand that independence is the American way.  Independence is what we have always sought. It is allowing the middle  class to grow because it is powered by a strong business segment. It  appears that at every turn that is possible. The Biden administration-- and this is a good example of that--finds a way to put more regulations  to stifle that ingenuity, that innovation, and our opportunity to  become independent.   We have to make sure that we are, in particular with rare-earth  minerals, leading the charge and not falling behind and taking  advantage of the remarkable wealth we have in this country.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   