 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise today in opposition to this amendment to eliminate funding for  the Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS, or HOPWA program.    This amendment would cut off housing support for tens of thousands of  people living with HIV. In doing so, we take ourselves back to the  1980s--when the government ignored the needs of those living with HIV  and the urgency of the HIV epidemic.   For more than three decades, HOPWA has provided critical support for  low-income people living with HIV. HOPWA is a bipartisan program that  serves over 75,000 people, providing housing assistance including  rental assistance, transitional housing, and permanent housing.   Stable housing is essential for helping people living with HIV to  achieve better health outcomes. Linking individuals living with HIV to  stable, supportive housing is directly linked to decreased viral load,  an 80 percent reduction in mortality from AIDS, and a 57 percent  reduction in hospitalizations.   To destabilize housing for 55,000 households and over 75,000 people  would create a public health disaster. Cutting funding to HOPWA would  cost far more money in increased healthcare costs than investing in  this critical program at the outset.   This amendment would significantly impede our Nation's efforts both  to support those living with HIV and to end the HIV epidemic.   With Veterans Day on Saturday, I also want to inform my colleagues  that 10 percent of HOPWA recipients are veterans.   I strongly oppose this amendment. I urge my colleagues to join me in  calling for continued funding for HOPWA, just as this body has done  since 1992.   If the gentleman is truly interested in cutting the deficit, he might  consider supporting repeal of President Trump's tax cuts of 2018 where  83 percent of the benefits went to the top 1 percent of the people and  which increased the deficit by several trillion dollars.   In summary, I urge the defeat of this amendment for health reasons  and for fiscal reasons.   