 Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague and the chair of the  Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance (Mr. Davidson) for his fine work  here legislating and the great work that he has put in this Congress on  the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of Mr. Davidson's bill, the Middle  Class Borrower Protection Act. What I would say to my colleagues is: Is  it right to raise the costs of borrowing for families that have worked  hard and saved up to buy a home in order to subsidize those who are  less creditworthy? I don't think so.   This bill would ensure that doesn't happen under this new Biden  administration rule set. What we have before us today is a bill that  would say to the 95 percent of Americans nationwide that have a credit  score over 680 that you are going to pay more, and those that are less  creditworthy, under 680, the 5 percent of Americans who are under a 680  credit score will pay less under this new Biden administration  proposal.   If we don't act with this bill, almost half of those borrowers will  face an extra $1.8 billion in new fees over the next 2 years. That is a  tax on more creditworthy people when they access a mortgage. I don't  think that is proper. I don't think that is just.   Those are middle-class borrowers in each of our districts, Republican  and Democrat, Independent, rural and urban, young and old. They are  across the country, and we are trying to stand up for them. For some  reason, the Biden administration wants to put their finger on the  scales and decide who gets to pay more and who gets to pay less.   That is inherently unfair, whether that is in my district in western  North Carolina or districts on the other side of the country. It will  make housing less affordable, not more. It puts taxpayers at risk by  threatening the safety and soundness of our housing finance system, and  we have a chance to change that today and do the right thing.   If you want to protect middle-class borrowers in your district from a  new tax, you will support this bill. If you want to take action to  address housing affordability, you will support this bill. If you want  more Americans to achieve the dream of homeownership, you will vote for  this bill.   Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleagues on the House Financial Services  Committee, on both sides of the aisle, for the good work they do in  this Congress. I also thank my colleague, Mr. Davidson, for his  leadership here on this important housing issue that touches all of us  across the country, and I urge a ``yes'' vote.   