 I thank the gentleman, the chairman, for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this fiscal year 2024 military  construction and veterans affairs appropriations bill.   Despite some of the allegations from my friends on the other side of  the aisle, this is a good bill. The budget process is not about how  much you cut; it is about where you cut. That is what is important.   This bill is a good bill because it supports our veterans and our  servicemembers. In fact, this bill fully funds President Biden's  request for the VA and even exceeds the administration's request for  military construction.  [[Page H3980]]    On top of that, the VA funding in this bill is $16.5 million more  than the fiscal year 2023 enacted level--the enacted level. Let me  repeat. This bill fully funds veterans' healthcare programs, period.   This includes keeping our promise that we just made to provide care  to our toxic-exposed veterans, as we did last year through the Honoring  our PACT Act.   I am also proud that we robustly funded military construction  projects across the world, focusing on our barracks, our child  development centers, to the tune of almost $800 million more than the  administration's request.   This bill cuts wasteful spending, wasteful spending for programs that  my constituents back home do not support, like critical race theory and  DEI.   Now, they want to say that we have politicized the issue of abortion  within this bill. The fact of the matter is, President Biden's  administration, through rulemaking in DOD, put in this language--that  is why we are taking it out because they put it in--that they were  going to use taxpayer dollars to actually facilitate someone getting an  abortion.    That is not what the taxpayers want. That is not what the Hyde  amendment allows, and the partisanship that they referred to earlier is  their partisanship.   This administration and almost every executive agency in this  government now legislates by fiat. They pass rules, 100-page rules.  Those aren't rules. That is legislation. That is law. We have got to  stop that, and we are doing that in this bill.   I am very proud that in this bill we prohibit the VA from continuing  to implement their abortion policy that they put in; it is nothing more  than this administration's way of circumventing the Dobbs decision.   House Republicans are delivering on our promise to care for the men  and women who have served this Nation.    House Republicans, we are simply delivering on our  promise to care for the men and women who serve this Nation.   I commend Chairwoman Granger and Chairman Carter for having put this  bill together in a fiscally responsible manner. Yes, we have made some  cuts, but they were responsible cuts. They were cuts that needed to be  made. We cut the waste so that we could help our men and women who  serve this country in uniform. I urge support of this bill.   