 Mr. President, I rise to put the leadership of the House,  the Senate, and the President of the United States on notice. I will  not consent to any expedited passage of any spending bill that provides  any more American aid to Ukraine.   It is as if no one has noticed that we have no extra money to send to  Ukraine. Our deficit this year will exceed $1.5 trillion. Borrowing  money from China to send it to Ukraine makes no sense. It is not as if  we have some sort of rainy day fund sitting around with trillions of  dollars, a pot of money, and we are just going to send it to Ukraine.  We are going to borrow it. When we borrow it and create new money to  pay for that borrowing, we create the inflation that is plaguing our  economy.   Since the beginning of Russia's war on Ukraine, the American  taxpayers have provided Ukraine with $113 billion. Over the 583 days of  war, between February 24, 2022, and the end of the month, that averages  $6.8 billion per month or $223 million per day. There are a lot of  things that we need to fix in our country before we borrow money to try  to perpetuate a war in another country.   When will the aid requests end?   When will the war end?   Can someone explain what victory in Ukraine looks like?   President Biden certainly can't. His administration has failed to  articulate a clear strategy or objective in this war, and Ukraine's  long-awaited counteroffensive has failed to make meaningful gains in  the East. With no clear end in sight, it looks increasingly like  Ukraine will be yet another endless quagmire funded by the American  taxpayer.   That is why public support for the war is waning. A CNN poll from  August shows that a majority of Americans now oppose Congress  authorizing additional funding to Ukraine. Now, there are those in the  Senate who would refuse to listen to these voices, voices coming from a  war-weary nation, and who would hold the Federal Government hostage by  inserting $24 billion more for Ukraine. They are talking about saying  the only way government stays open--the only way we avoid a shutdown-- is by shoveling more American taxpayer dollars to Ukraine. They are  going to link keeping the government open with more money to Ukraine,  and I am here to say that I am not going to agree to it, and I will not  let them shut down the government simply because they want to send more  of your hard-earned tax dollars to Ukraine. Either the American people  fund an endless war in Ukraine or the ``uni-party'' threatens to shut  down the government.   This is a clear dereliction of duty, and I will not stand for it.  Colleagues, as representatives of the American people, you should not  stand for it either. The bill that comes before us should be about  funding our government, not somebody else's government. I will not give  consent to a bill that includes funding for Ukraine in keeping our  government open.   As elected officials, we have an obligation to pursue a foreign  policy that advances the security and prosperity of our country.  Funneling billions of dollars that have to be borrowed into the meat  grinder of eastern Ukraine does neither. The longer this conflict  continues, the greater the risk that miscalculation or purposeful  escalation draws the United States into direct conflict with Russia.  Russia's military may have a bloody nose, but Moscow still maintains  the largest nuclear arsenal in the world. Let's not pretend that the  U.S. involvement in this war comes without risks.   If that is not bad enough, we lack effective oversight mechanisms to  ensure that the hard-earned American tax dollars don't fall prey to  waste, fraud, and abuse. For over a year now, I have been asking for a  special inspector general to make sure they are not stealing our money.  We have had one in Afghanistan, and his team of economists and  technicians have overseen and found billions of dollars' worth of waste  that they have saved. We need the same thing in Ukraine, a special  inspector general to make sure they are not stealing our money.   When that has come before a vote in the Senate, the majority party  here says: No, we just want to spend the money. We don't care. Some  Republicans have gone along with this as well, and they have voted  against an inspector general. It is a terrible abuse of our spending  authority to spend money overseas in a war and not make sure that they  are not stealing it.   So in addition to the colossal cost of the war, we end up paying a  corruption tax. Ukraine is one of the most corrupt countries on the  planet--maybe second only to Russia. Corruption runs deep through  Ukraine, and there is plenty of evidence that it has run rampant since  Russia's invasion.   As President Zelenskyy landed in New York earlier this week, we  learned that corruption concerns in Ukraine's Ministry of Defense  resulted in the firing of six Deputy Defense Ministers. This comes 2  weeks after the firing of Defense Minister Oleksii Reznikov, who was  removed after it was discovered that the Ministry of Defense had  mishandled military contracts.    Last month, Zelenskyy fired all 24 regional military recruitment  chiefs because they were ``involved in illegal activities, including  enrichment.''   Last October, we learned that U.S. shipments of grenade launchers,  machineguns, rifles, bulletproof vests, and thousands of rounds of  ammunition were ending up in the hands of criminal gangs and weapons  traffickers posing as humanitarian organizations. And what did the  Senate do? They voted against a special inspector general to make sure  they are not stealing our money.   What are we doing? Is this fair to the American people?   Millions of Americans are struggling each day to make ends meet.  Millions of Americans are struggling to provide for their families and  put food on the table.   Can we honestly look our constituents in the eye and tell them that  this is a good investment of their dollars?   Some say the war in Ukraine is a fight to save democracy, but those  who  [[Page S4616]]  say that need to be honest with themselves. Ukraine is far from a  shining example of democracy. And while the strain of war can make for  questionable government actions, we have to live with them when the war  is over.   For all the platitudes about America supporting democracy and making  the world safe for democracy--the Woodrow Wilson advocates among us-- the biggest recipient of American welfare, Ukraine, canceled its next  Presidential election. You are telling me we are sending $100 billion  to a country that is not going to have elections? We are going to send  $100 billion to a country that now has, what, a President for life?   They say: Well, we could, but it is difficult.   Does anybody remember the American Civil War, where 600,000 people  died and yet we didn't miss an election?   They canceled the Presidential election. We should cancel our aid as  a response.   This is not the only concerning development in Ukraine. Despite  Zelenskyy's charm offensive this week, his actions also deserve  scrutiny. Citing national security concerns, Zelenskyy has banned  Orthodox churches oriented toward the Russian Orthodox Church and has  ordered Ukrainian law enforcement to raid churches and arrest priests.   He has banned the political opposition. How do you have a democracy  if you are not going to have elections and you ban the opposition? He  suspended 11 political parties, including the Opposition Platform--For  Life, the second largest party in Ukraine's Parliament and the one  which held 44 seats.   He has attacked free speech by banning opposition media and  increasing his government's regulatory power over journalists. It  hardly sounds democratic to me.   Earlier this year, he signed into law a bill that allows Ukraine's  state broadcasting council to regulate all media in Ukraine. The  council can impose mandatory orders, fines, restrict content from  search engines, and even outright suspend media outlets without a court  decision. It hardly sounds very democratic to me.   If these actions sound like the actions of an authoritarian regime,  if you suspect these do sound like an authoritarian regime, you are  right.   This past July, a Swiss intelligence report observed ``authoritarian  traits'' in Zelenskyy, as he tries to push the mayor of Kyiv, Vitali  Klitschko, out of contention for Ukraine's 2024 Presidential elections.  Citing martial law, Zelenskyy stated that those elections will not take  place.   Martial law, no elections, banning opposition parties, this is where  your $100 billion has gone, and they are not done.   We don't have the money. The money is being borrowed. We borrow the  money from China to send it to Ukraine.   In 2021, Zelenskyy fired multiple government officials, including his  Prime Minister, for investigating a Ukraine oligarch who just happened  to be a key backer of Zelenskyy's Presidential campaign. The United  States placed sanctions on this oligarch for his involvement in  significant corruption, and earlier this month, he was finally  arrested. Clearly, Ukraine and the regime are not paragons of  democracy.   But this is not just about what Ukraine is or is not with respect to  government. This is about American interests in our national security.  Every day this war continues is another spin of the roulette wheel with  another chance of it stopping on Armageddon, and we are paying for the  privilege.   We cannot continue with business as usual. We cannot continue to put  the needs of other countries above our own. We cannot save Ukraine by  dooming the U.S. economy, and we certainly cannot save Ukraine by  fighting a war with Russia.   As we go further and further into debt, we become weaker. It is not  just that this is not helping our national security; the very threat to  our national security is our debt. The more we send money overseas, the  more we deplete our munitions, the worse things get.   No matter how sympathetic we are to the Ukrainian people, we must put  the American people first; and to that end, I encourage my colleagues  to oppose any effort to hold the Federal Government hostage for Ukraine  funding.   I yield the floor.   