 Mr. President, I am honored to follow Senator  Klobuchar in advocating for the Afghan Adjustment Act, which we  strongly hope and believe will be an amendment to the National Defense  Authorization Act.   I just want to begin where she finished in talking about the American  troops who depended on these Afghan allies who now are at risk.   I know firsthand about the translators and guards and others who  served, putting their lives on the line, because like many of my  colleagues, I visited Afghanistan. I saw them at work. Now, in  Connecticut, I have had the privilege of calling many of them my  friends, and their families--dear friends. I also know firsthand  because my son Matthew, who was a Marine Corps infantry officer in  Afghanistan, had a translator whom he succeeded in bringing back to  this country but only because he was a lawyer, and he knew how to  navigate the intricate and challenging rules that applied. It took him  2 years--2 years--to bring back the man who helped him survive his time  in combat there.   Senator Klobuchar is absolutely right. It is a promise. Great nations  keep their promises. These individuals are among our most loyal  friends. The test is that they put targets on their backs from the  Taliban. They knew they and their families would be at risk if the  Taliban ever took over. Now the Taliban has done it, and they cannot  return nor can their families.   So I want to thank all of my colleagues--the bipartisan group--who  strongly support this amendment; but I also want to thank our veterans  who literally camped out in the swamp, outside the Capitol, for days,  weeks, hoping at the end of the last session that we would adopt this  measure. Our veterans are standing strong behind our allies--Afghan  allies--who they know put their lives on the line for them, who they  know put their families at risk for them.   I am grateful to our veterans' groups, the USOs, the kinds of allies  that we have individually and all around the country, who have said  they are going to make it a priority to make sure we treat fairly these  Afghan allies.   We should give them permanent status--a path to permanent status--in  this country rather than the temporary, uncertain status that they have  right now.   I yield the floor.   