 Mr. President, let me begin by wishing all Americans and  my colleagues here in the Congress a very happy and peaceful holiday  season.   Unfortunately, for the people in Israel and Palestine, that will not  be the case. This is not a peaceful season for them. In Gaza, millions  of people will end the year under constant bombardment, exposed to the  winter or living in tents, wondering where they will find their next  meal or clean drinking water or the medical supplies they need. What is  going on in Gaza right now is an unmitigated humanitarian disaster, and  we must not look away from it.   We all know that the current war was begun by Hamas in their brutal  terrorist attack against Israel, which killed some 1,200 innocent men,  women, and children and took more than 240 hostages. Hamas is a corrupt  terrorist organization which, before and after their attack on October  7, has made it clear that their goal is to destroy the State of Israel.   There is no question in my mind that Israel has the right to defend  itself and respond against the perpetrators of the October 7 attack.  But while it is clear that Israel has the right to respond militarily  against that terrorist attack, it is also clear that the Netanyahu  rightwing extremist government is waging that war--that response--in a  deeply reckless and immoral way.   A just cause for war does not excuse atrocities in the conduct of  that war, and that is precisely what we are seeing. Israel has the  right to go to war against Hamas. It does not have the right to go to  war against innocent men, women, and children in Gaza.   Israel's reliance on widespread and indiscriminate bombardment,  including the use of massive explosive ordnance in densely populated  areas, is unconscionable. Israel's military campaign will be remembered  among some of the darkest chapters of our modern history.   Consider the toll thus far--and I hope that every Member of Congress  is prepared to consider the toll of what Israel is doing right now. As  of today, nearly 20,000 people have been killed, 70 percent of whom are  women and children.   Let me repeat that. Nearly 20,000 people have been killed, 70 percent  of whom are women and children. And more than 52,000 have been wounded  since October 7. More victims are likely trapped under the rubble.  Further, 135 United Nations workers have been killed as well as dozens  of other aid workers.   Unbelievably--and it really is quite unbelievable--nearly 1.9 million  people--that is more than 85 percent of the population in Gaza--have  been driven from their homes. Can you imagine  [[Page S6049]]  that? Eighty-five percent of the people have been thrown out of their  homes, and, as we speak, they don't where they are going. They don't  know what their future is. They don't have enough food, water, medical  supplies, or fuel.   Despite sharing their locations with Israeli military forces, more  than 100 United Nations facilities have been bombed. More than 100 U.N.  facilities have been bombed, and the U.N. reports--and, again, an  incredible fact--that over 60 percent of the housing units in Gaza have  been damaged or destroyed. Can you imagine that?   My State of Vermont has 600,000 people. That is one-third of the  people who live in Gaza, and I am just trying to think in my mind what  it would look like if 60 percent of the housing units in Vermont were  damaged or destroyed. But that is the case in Gaza right now.   Let me put this in historical perspective and what that historical  perspective means: that the destruction in Gaza is now equivalent to  that of Dresden, Germany, where 2 years of bombing by the U.S. Air  Force and British Air Force during World War II destroyed half of the  homes in that city and killed about 25,000 people. Gaza has matched  that in just 2 months--not 2 years, 2 months.   This massive bombardment has made it impossible for the United  Nations and other aid groups to provide basic necessities to the people  in Gaza. As we speak, some 1.4 million people are sheltering in 155  overcrowded U.N. facilities.   Can you imagine that 1.4 million people are sheltering tonight in 155  grossly overcrowded U.N. facilities? There is little electricity, food,  water, medicine, or fuel; and hundreds of thousands of children are  going hungry tonight in Gaza. The shortage of clean water and adequate  sanitation facilities is leading to disease.   And we can't even begin to contemplate the lasting psychological  damage being done to the children of Gaza. Can you imagine a 5-year- old, a 10-year-old, looking around for whether a bomb is going to be  hitting him or her, wondering what kind of house, if any, they are ever  going to return to or where are they going? Massive psychological  damage is being done to the people of Gaza and especially to the  children. The United Nations' senior humanitarian official said that he  fears a ``breakdown in society'' amid this desperation.   Let's be frank. What we are talking about in Gaza now is not just a  humanitarian cataclysm but a mass atrocity.   And what is important for every Member of this body to understand-- for every American to understand--is that all of this is being done  with bombs and equipment provided by the United States of America and  heavily subsidized by American taxpayers. We are paying for the carnage  in Gaza right now--our bombs, our ordnance. There is no denying that we  are, as a nation, complicit in this carnage.   The Israeli military has made extensive use of massive explosive  munitions in its campaign, including 2,000-pound and 1,000-pound bombs,  and 155-millimeter artillery. These bombs and shells are manufactured  here in America and supplied to Israel by the United States of America.   The Wall Street Journal reports that the United States has provided  at least 15,000 bombs and 57,000 artillery shells to Israel since  October 7, including more than 5,400 of the huge 2,000-pound bombs that  can flatten entire neighborhoods.   The Washington Post reports that, in just 6 weeks after October 7,  Israel dropped more than 22,000 American-supplied bombs on Gaza. And  CNN reports that U.S. intelligence believes 40 to 45 percent of the  bombs Israel has used in Gaza have been unguided ``dumb bombs.''   These munitions were provided with the full knowledge they would  likely be used in Gaza, a densely populated urban area with a large  civilian presence. Parts of Gaza are more densely populated than New  York City.   The press, human rights monitors, and U.S. officials have confirmed  that U.S.-provided bombs have been used in attacks that have killed  thousands of civilians.   This campaign, I am sorry to say, very likely violates U.S. law and  U.S. policy. That is why I have introduced a privileged resolution  under section 502B of the Foreign Assistance Act. The resolution  requests that the State Department provide information on any credible  allegations of human rights violations in Gaza caused by indiscriminate  or disproportionate military operations and the blanket denial of  humanitarian access. It also requests a list of the arms provided to  Israel since October 7 and a description of the steps taken to limit  civilian risk caused by Israeli military actions.    We will be voting on this resolution in January, and the best basic  question that we will be answering in that resolution is, Do we support  asking the State Department whether human rights violations may have  been committed in the Israeli campaign in Gaza?   That is not a tough question, and I hope that what we will see is a  ``yes'' vote from most of my colleagues.   This should not be controversial. If you believe, as I do, that this  campaign has been indiscriminate, then, it is our responsibility to get  that question answered. If you believe Israel has done nothing wrong in  Gaza, then you should want that information to support your belief.   When we receive this information, we will then have a privileged  vehicle to debate any necessary changes in U.S. security assistance to  Israel.   While I look forward to this debate, let me also mention that there  are other things that we should be doing as well. The United States-- President Biden--has urged Israel to change its tactics with regard to  their indiscriminate bombing. The President and people in the State  Department have asked Netanyahu over and over and over again.  Unfortunately, the Netanyahu government has not listened and has not  been terribly interested in our perspective, despite the fact that we  are supplying the bombs that they are using, despite the fact that we  have provided them with $3.5 billion every year for a long time in  military aid. Instead, the Netanyahu government is continuing its  military approach, which is both immoral and in violation of  international law.   In my view, the United States must end our complicity in those  actions, and, to do so, we must make two critical changes in our  policy. First, while it is appropriate to support defensive systems  like Iron Dome to protect Israeli civilians against incoming rockets,  it would be irresponsible to provide an additional $10.1 billion in  military aid beyond those defensive systems, as contained in the  proposed supplemental foreign aid package.   The bottom line is that we should not be giving more money to a  rightwing extremist government in Israel to conduct a horrific and  immoral military campaign that includes indiscriminate bombardment.   Second, in my view, the United States should support efforts at the  United Nations Security Council to end the bloodshed, such as the  resolution expected tomorrow that would demand an ``urgent suspension  of hostilities to allow safe and unhindered humanitarian access, and  for urgent steps towards a sustainable cessation of hostilities,'' as  well as the unconditional release of all hostages. This should be  something we strongly support.   As you may recall, last week, the United States vetoed a resolution,  and I think that was disappointing not just to me but to many  Americans.   As we soon head home to our families, let us not forget the millions  of people in desperate need both here in the United States and around  the world. In Gaza, there is a horrific situation we can and must do  more to address. We cannot forget about it. We cannot shove it under  the rug. The time is now for the United States to stand up and do  everything that we can to end this humanitarian disaster.   I yield the floor.   