 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I would like to begin today with a few  words about my outgoing House counterpart, Speaker Kevin McCarthy.   Shepherding an institution like the House of Representatives--every  bit as stubborn and diverse as the Nation it represents--is a tall  order. Getting a slim majority pointed in the same direction at any one  time can seem like nothing short of a miracle. I have said before, in  reference to my own position, that being leader of your party in the  Senate is much like being the groundskeeper in a cemetery. Everybody is  under you, but nobody is listening.   Of course, I doubt that Kevin McCarthy has ever seen himself as above  anyone else--not the son of a firefighter, not the grandson of  immigrants who stood up his own small business and worked his way  through school.   In the beginning of the Speaker's House career, it was clear to  anyone paying any attention that he was a doer in the model of Teddy  Roosevelt's ``Man in the Arena'' and an idealist in the model of his  fellow Californian, Ronald Reagan. Congressman McCarthy didn't shy away  from worthwhile fights. In fact, he usually dove in headfirst. He  didn't hesitate to get his hands dirty.   When the circumstances were tough, he drew on his faith, his family,  and his belief in American exceptionalism. His Bakersfield roots kept  him grounded. His beloved mother kept him appraised of kitchen table  concerns with frequent calls about the price of gas. In other words, he  had all the qualities of an effective representative and Speaker.   I am not sure anyone could have predicted just how much these  qualities would come in handy over the past 9 months. Speaker McCarthy  took office with a commitment to America. He insisted on restoring  regular order. He made sure that the people's House was once again open  to the American people. He took on the gravest challenge, a looming  debt crisis, with single-minded determination.   The Speaker and I worked closely throughout his tenure, but I was  particularly struck by his persistence. He literally willed the  President of the United States to the negotiating table and kept coming  back again and again until he had helped secure the Nation's full faith  and credit.  [[Page S4923]]    Speaker McCarthy was a partner I could trust to be honest and candid  and, without fail, optimistic. I am grateful for the enthusiasm he  brought to our shared work and for the patriotic conservative  convictions he wears on his sleeve.   Perhaps the most telling thing about this week's events in the House  has been the way the Speaker handled them--with grace and with  gratitude. Speaker McCarthy should be proud of what he and his team  have accomplished on behalf of the American people over the past 9  months. He can rest assured that his colleagues--myself included--will  continue to draw on his talents and optimism in the days that lie  ahead.   