 Mr. President, at midnight on Saturday, current  appropriations will run out, and the Federal Government will shut down.  Over the years, I have been pretty clear in my view that government  shutdowns are bad news, whichever way you look at them. They don't work  as political bargaining chips. They create unnecessary hardships for  millions of Americans--for example, the nearly 46,000 servicemembers  and 22,000 civilian workers in my home State of Kentucky who earn  Federal Government paychecks--and they hardly ever produce meaningful  policy outcomes at the end of the day.   A government shutdown would be an unnecessary disruption of the  important work on the Senate's agenda. So I would urge each of my  colleagues to work this week to avoid one.    For the past several months, Senator Collins, Senator Murray, and our  colleagues on the Appropriations Committee have worked diligently to  help the Senate fulfill our commitment to funding the government  through regular order. As that important work  [[Page S4671]]  continues, colleagues in both Chambers are rightly concerned about a  number of distinct priorities.   They are focused on taking further action to rein in reckless  spending as we continue to rebuild our national defense. They are  concerned about addressing the consequences of the Biden  administration's failure to secure our southern border. They are eager  to provide relief to communities recovering from natural disasters,  from Hawaii to Florida. And bipartisan majorities recognize the ongoing  need to counter Russia and China and continue to provide lethal aid to  Ukraine. In the coming weeks, I hope the administration will work with  Congress to address these pressing needs.   But in order for work on appropriations to continue uninterrupted,  Congress needs to extend government funding by the end of this week.  The sooner Congress keeps the lights on, the sooner these important  conversations can resume.   The clearest path forward is a standard, short-term continuing  resolution. Our work this week needs to produce the resources and  flexibility to maintain essential government functions at their current  rates of operation while progress on full-year appropriations  continues.   Just to reiterate, delaying action on short-term government funding  doesn't advance the ball on any meaningful policy priorities. Shutting  the government down over a domestic budget dispute doesn't strengthen  anyone's political position; it just puts important progress on ice,  and it leaves millions of Americans on edge.   So I expect that the Appropriations Committee will finalize a short- term funding extension in the very near future for the Senate to  review. I would encourage each of our colleagues to join me in  supporting the standard, responsible step forward.   