 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an amendment to this  appropriations for Homeland Security where we would include H. Res. 50,  which affirms every sovereign State's right to self-defense.   In the face of this unprecedented and unmitigated humanitarian and  security crisis, States do not have to be a passive victim of a failed  Federal Government.   The Federal Government has failed because our Commander in Chief has  failed to do his first and most important job, provide for the common  defense. He has also failed to uphold the laws of the land. In fact,  title 8 of the U.S. Code says that no other citizen can induce people  to break the law, says that you can't harbor people who have broken the  law. In fact, it goes on to say that if you are doing that, you are  aiding and abetting lawbreaking.   I believe this administration has aided and abetted what I believe is  an invasion by drug cartels pushing their poison into our country, my  State, and our communities, killing our family and friends at hundreds  per day. It is the leading cause of death in this country.   We have a President and a Homeland Security Secretary with the  audacity to say that this border is under operational control of the  Department of Homeland Security of these great United States.   Baloney. Nobody believes it.   I just got back from Eagle Pass. The chaos and lawlessness have never  burned hotter. The people of those border towns have never felt more  abandoned.   It is shameful that a country as great as the United States of  America would surrender control of our border to paramilitary terrorist  cartels.   Here is the good news. Here is the saving grace for Texas and every  State in this country. They have the constitutional power of self- defense, and it is explicit and crystal clear in the Constitution.   The Federal Government didn't create the States. The sovereign States  created the Federal Government. They made darn sure that in a situation  like this, when the Federal Government failed in its obligation to  repel an invasion, they would maintain the authority to defend their  border and their citizens from this chaos and the criminal elements  that are just deluging our great Lone Star State.   Article IV, Section 4, is the obligation of the Federal Government to  repel an invasion for each and every State. Article I, Section 10, is  clear: If there is an actual invasion or there is imminent danger such  that will not permit delay.   Now, I want my Democrat colleagues to explain to me why the current  conditions at the southern border, on account of this administration's  failures, is not imminent danger to the citizens of Texas such that  will not permit delay.   I stand with Governor Abbott and State leaders all along the southern  border and everywhere in this country. Stand up, fill the gap, enforce  the laws, deport, detain, secure the border, and for God's sake,  protect the citizens of Texas and all the good people of this country  and restore law and order.   We welcome the immigrant who wants a better life. We welcome the  immigrant who wants a better future for their family, but we will only  welcome those who respect our laws, our sovereignty, and the safety of  the American people.   That is where I stand, Mr. Chair, and I can do no other, say no  other. I am going to stand on that until we get a change up here in  Washington or we have all resources deployed to do the job the Federal  Government just apparently will not do on account, I believe, of a  President who would rather placate and appease a fringe group in his  party than prioritize the safety of the American people.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Chair, I love Henry Cuellar, and I couldn't  disagree more. More is said than done in this town. Ain't nothing  getting done on the border.   Texas, do your job. The Constitution is behind you, and so am I. God  bless, and go, West Texas.   I yield back the balance of my time.   