 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, my colleague from  Tennessee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2. If you watch TV and  listen to the administration and Secretary Mayorkas, they would tell  you that the border is secure and that the border is not open. In other  words, they are telling you to believe what they say and not what you  see.   Anybody who looks at the border can see the crisis that is there.   They can look in their communities and see the tragedy that is  unfolding with fentanyl.   They can look to the sanctuary cities where all the mayors love to  say: ``We will take anyone. Send your immigrants to our cities.'' Now,  they are screaming: ``No more.'' As soon as they got a taste of what  the border States are feeling and dealing with every day, they wanted  no part of it.   The toll that this is causing our country is hard to grasp. Look no  further than our SNAP program. Everyone wants to expand SNAP and make  sure no one goes hungry. I agree that anyone in need should get food,  but we cannot get an answer to how many people who are here illegally  are on the SNAP program. We have been trying for a year. We have asked  Secretary Mayorkas via letter, and we have asked Secretary Vilsack via  letter how many people who are here illegally or undocumented are on  SNAP.   We know that 45 percent of non-documented households receive SNAP,  and only 21 percent of U.S. citizens receive SNAP. When I bring this up  in committee, I am told it is very hard to get SNAP benefits if you are  in the country illegally, but there are several exceptions--more than  11.   Two of the main exceptions are: One, if you are under 18, you  automatically qualify. We all know how many children are coming across  the border. They are receiving SNAP benefits. The other is if you are  seeking asylum. Well, who is coming here that is not seeking asylum?   I heard the gentleman mention that anyone can claim asylum, but what  we are seeing here is not true asylum seeking. It is what they are told  to say because they know that is the clearest pathway into the country.   People are just simply being released in record numbers. Mr. Speaker,  5 million to 6 million people have come into our country illegally.   Do you know who hates illegal immigration more than any of us? People  who did it right. We have the most generous immigration system in the  world. Almost a million per year can come here legally. We are letting  millions in illegally, and the people who do it right resent that.    Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this measure because  we are a country of laws, and it is not right to allow your first  measure in entering this country to be something illegal. It flies in  the face of all the people who did it correctly.   Thank God we have a chairman like Chairman Green who is addressing  this issue. It should be a bipartisan issue. Everyone is feeling it. It  is time that we act.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the Republicans for bringing this forward. It is  important, and I strongly support it.   