 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives Cammack and  Rutherford for leading this Special Order hour to honor America's law  enforcement in advance of National Police Week.   The brave men and women of law enforcement put their lives on the  line for our safety each and every day. They do an extremely difficult  job at great personal risk and do it well. Even as Monday-morning  quarterbacks in politics and the media lob accusations and insults at  police officers, they continue to serve and protect with integrity and  professionalism.   Let's talk about what law enforcement does. They run toward danger  when everyone else is running away. They confront the violent criminals  who threaten our communities. They answer the midnight calls for help,  and they don't ask you your politics, your gender, your race, or  anything else before doing so. In short, they serve as a thin blue line  between anarchy and chaos, between good and evil.   Do you know what else they do? They do hug their families. They hug  their  [[Page H2239]]  families in the morning before they go to work, and they pray that they  make it home. Too often, they don't. Sometimes they make the ultimate  sacrifice.   Mr. Speaker, Locust Grove, Georgia, Patrolman Chase Lee Maddox  exemplified what it means to be a selfless servant of their community.  Patrolman Maddox's end of watch was February 9, 2018, when he was shot  and killed in the line of duty assisting the Henry County Sheriff's  Office serving a warrant.   He is survived by his wife and two sons, and his second son was born  just days after his death.   Patrolman Maddox exemplified the risk associated with putting on the  uniform and wearing a badge. It is an honor to commemorate him today on  the floor of the people's House.   I think about stories like this when police officers are smeared in  the press and accused of evil intent when tragedy strikes. I also think  about these stories when I see leftwing politicians in cities across  America implementing criminal-first policies that put our citizens and  police officers in harm's way.   The way to fix this crime crisis is to let cops do their jobs and  make criminals do the time.   Unlike my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who have chosen  not to speak in support of police tonight, we will always remember,  honor, and support our heroes in blue.   