 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule,  which provides for consideration of legislation to protect Americans  from the draconian, unaffordable energy policies of the Biden  administration.   When winter storm Elliott hammered my district over Christmas, my  constituents endured life-threatening blackouts as the electrical grid  struggled to operate through this massive storm. It was the most deadly  blizzard in my lifetime.   However, one thing that many of my constituents could count on,  despite blackouts and frigid temperatures, was the use of their gas  stoves.   Too often, I have heard from constituents across western New York  stories of how these appliances were perhaps the only source of heat in  their home for folks who were trapped in their homes for 3 days during  a deadly storm, which tragically took the lives of more than 40 people.    Unfortunately, soon this access to reliable, affordable energy will  be cut off by the ban on gas appliances that this administration has  disguised as simply higher efficiency standards.   Democrats here in Washington and up in Albany are determined to make  the pipe dreams of the Green New Deal a crushing reality for  hardworking Americans.   Our Governor in New York, Kathy Hochul, not to be outdone by the  Biden administration, has already marched ahead with a statewide ban on  natural gas hookups in new residential and commercial buildings.   Our State's own energy auditors have already raised alarms,  concluding that,  [[Page H2756]]  with New York's current path, we face an energy future made up of  higher costs in an overstretched, less secure grid.   Mr. Speaker, the Biden administration is ignoring decades of proof  that embracing natural gas in our energy supply leads to lower  emissions, greater efficiency, and more affordability for American  families. Heating bills in New York rose by 30 percent this past  winter, and they will continue to climb if we allow the Biden  administration to further regulate Americans out of affordable,  reliable energy.   Mr. Speaker, I support the legislation considered in the rule that  protects American families from this administration's radical Green New  Deal priorities.   