 Mr. President, I stand in solidarity with my colleagues  on separating these issues. I think the American people think that is  what we do here. I think the American people think we actually have an  appropriations process where we have individual bills come forward and  we are offering amendments and Senators can have their say and  Republicans and Democrats can have different ideas, offer different  amendments and we vote on those things.   That is actually not what happens here at all. And this is now  compounding this with a supplemental aid package of putting on a bunch  of unrelated issues to try to bootstrap Ukraine aid when the most  pressing need we have right now, the most bipartisan support we have  right now, is the Israeli aid. And, by the way, it is paid for.   Now, I know listening to the hallways buzz in this town about  actually paying for something is, like, unbelievable. You know, it is  going to be catastrophic if we actually have that discussion. But I  think it is healthy. I think it is healthy. But I think we need to  separate these issues.   This is supposed to be the most deliberative body in the history of  the world, and what we are told is: We can't do that.   And to my friend from Ohio's point, history doesn't begin and end  with Neville Chamberlain. There are a lot of lessons from history about  how you confront these things.   And, by the way, each theater is very different. What Israel needs is  different; what Ukraine might need is different; what Taiwan might need  is different. Oh, and by the way, what the United States of America  might need is different as we face our chief rival in the world. We  have never had one like this in the history of this country with China.  We have never had an economic rival, a nuclear power, a militarized  rival like we have with China.   Maybe we should be talking, as we talk about this military industrial  base--and I think there is broad support for this--for long-range  capability.   Our military industrial base is strapped right now. We are at  capacity. We ought to be growing that. I support that. But I think we  ought to have a discussion about: What does the United States need too?  But as it relates to Israel, they have a clear objective, a likelihood  of success, broad support. I have yet to hear any of that as it relates  to Ukraine.   All we get are, again, slogans and fearmongering. I think, by the  way, if you brought up that for an individual vote, it might pass. I  don't know. We ought to try it. But I know this would. It should today.  But we are going to hear objections now from the Democrats. They are  going to object to this and forestall this important aid that our  allies in Israel, who are facing a real existential threat right now,  need.   Again--and, by the way, we have thrown in, you know, border here, and  call me skeptical as it relates to Joe Biden and his administration on  his seriousness when it comes to the border. When I was attorney  general of Missouri, we fought some of these fights in court, including  keeping ``Remain in Mexico'' in place. We had to get court orders and  contempt orders against this administration to actually follow the  judge's order to enforce the law.   Now, I am going to support the strongest border package possible, but  it is really hard when you have an executive branch that isn't  interested in executing the law. And now we have 8-plus million people  in this country who have come here illegally. They have admitted that,  quite possibly, we have terrorists in this country because we have an  open border. Let's have that debate also. But here we are with an  opportunity to separate the Israeli funding, again, that has broad  support.    Each one of these issues, each one of these funding requests have  separate realities on the ground, political support, strategies,  likelihood of success. Let's respect that, and let's respect the will  of the American people that we can actually come up here and do the  important work we were sent here to do, which is to have real debate in  what is supposed to be the most deliberative body in the history of the  world.   I yield back to the Senator from Kansas.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the quorum  call be vitiated.   