 Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this bill.   Today, we are arguing about a proposed Department of Energy  efficiency standard for stoves, not just gas stoves, but every sort of  kitchen stove.   Let me be clear about what this proposed rule is and what it is not.  It is not a ban on any type of appliance. Let me repeat that: It is not  a ban on any type of appliance. Instead, it is a well-reasoned proposal  to help us save energy and reach our environmental goals, two very  important objectives that we need to undertake here in the United  States Congress.   Since the Energy Policy and Conservation Act was passed in 1975--so  this is not something that came out of the ether; it has been around a  long time--it has been the Department of Energy's job to put forth  efficiency standards for kitchen ranges and ovens and to update them  once every 6 years. This is what the Department has done here.   In its detailed proposal, the Department of Energy examined its  statutory ability to implement the standard, consider its economic  impact on manufacturers and on consumers, and calculated the potential  energy savings.   Our job in Congress, as Congressman Pallone said, is not to be  subject matter experts on stoves and cooktop efficiency. Hopefully, we  have other things to focus on. Instead, our job is to tell the agencies  what their jobs are and set forth the standards by which they should do  them.   We have done that here, and the scientific and other experts at the  Department of Energy have done their jobs that we have given them in  issuing a commonsense, easy-to-implement proposed rulemaking.   Now, rather than debating this CRA, we should be allowing the  Department to finish its job and finalize this rulemaking.   We know that energy conservation is actually very popular with  Americans. They want us to pursue this. They want the agencies to have  responsibility to step up and do that job. The vast majority of  Americans understand the gravity of the climate crisis we face.   Mr. Chair, I encourage my Republican colleagues to work with us to  improve our energy security and efficiency and to join us in doing the  meaningful legislating that the American people sent us here to do.   