 Mr. President, there is one day of the year that for me  will always embody what is most admirable and most enduring about the  human spirit, and that day is today.   Twenty-two years after the towers fell in New York, after a plane  crashed into the Pentagon, after United No. 93 came down in  Pennsylvania, we pay our respects to those we lost on September 11. We  mourn their loss--every last soul taken from us too early. We honor and  thank every single American who became an unassuming hero in the  aftermath of the attack: the first responders, the legions of  volunteers and blood donors, the nameless many who did their part.   I will never forget so many scenes. One of them was a guy who owned a  shoe store a few blocks north of the World Trade Center, who was just  handing out shoes to everybody because many people had lost their shoes  as they tried to escape from the towers. But there were so many  different things.   Everywhere I go, I always wear this pin on my lapel as a reminder of  our  [[Page S4338]]  sacred promise to never forget. I called on Americans the day after to  wear and display the flag. Just about everybody did as a sign of unity,  of our coming together after an awful day. I wear it every day, and  every time I look at this flag, I think about so many who were lost.   I was at Ground Zero this morning. I mean, you just hear the names  that were read, those of every different background. They had people  come up who had lost loved ones of every different background, of every  different philosophy, race, creed, color, religion, origin, talking  about the people they had lost.   I remember, when I went down the day after when President Bush sent a  plane for then-Senator Clinton and me to come up, there were 1,000  people on line, holding up little signs--``Have you seen my brother,  Bill?'' ``Have you seen my daughter, Mary?''--because when people were  missing that first day, people had hoped and prayed that maybe they  were still alive, but, of course, very few were.   So a lifetime can pass, but, to me, it always feels like yesterday. I  look out my window, and I see the Freedom Tower--a symbol of resilience  in New York--and I can see it from my window in Brooklyn, but I also  think of the Twin Towers that were there and of so many who were lost.   I remember that day: the smell of the pile, human flesh; the noise  from the chaos of the aftermath; the images of destruction that New  Yorkers and Americans had never seen. I remember three friends of mine  who perished--a guy I played basketball with in high school, a  businessman who helped me on the way up, and a firefighter I went  around New York City and did blood drives with. They are gone 22 years  ago.   But most of all, that day stays with me because on that day and on  the days that followed, I saw countless ordinary Americans do  extraordinary things. Taxi drivers and store managers and businessmen  and city workers and so many others dropped what they were doing and  became heroes. They gave blood, organized prayer vigils, helped  neighbors track down family members, and visited with loved ones and  friends who had lost loved ones. I saw firefighters and policemen and  union workers and rescue workers cast aside any concern for their own  safety as they worked the pile. Many of them--far too many--became sick  and even died because of their illnesses.   Our obligation to care for these first responders continues to this  day. It is why I worked hard, along with Senator Gillibrand, to add  $450 million for the World Trade Center Health Program to the NDAA. It  is why I fought and successfully added another $1 billion for that  program in last year's omnibus as well as the Fairness for 9/11  Families Act. And it is why, last summer, Congress enacted the largest  expansion of veterans' health benefits in the PACT Act, because we  learned what these carcinogens could do to people whether it was over  in Iraq or down in the pile in Lower New York--because the phrase  ``never forget'' is not just about remembering what happened two  decades ago; it is all about taking action today to honor and care for  all of those who made ultimate sacrifices in the defense of our  beautiful Nation.   So may God bless the memories of all of those who perished on 9/11.  May God bless our first responders, our servicemembers, and their  families. May God bless our great democracy, and may we keep it.   