 Mr. Speaker, to my colleague across the aisle, they  need to get back to work. Only in Washington, D.C., and only with this  President are we operating with COVID as a national emergency.   The only national emergency coming out of Washington is the economic  disaster from the failed economic policies and the reckless spending of  my colleagues.   It has created an inflationary firestorm, and people can't sustain  it. Soaring interest rates, an economy teetering on recession, and $5  trillion of debt that have us dangerously close to the precipice of a  debt crisis is an emergency.   Our constituents across America have to go back to work. They have to  take their kids to school. Somebody has to teach them. Somebody has to  save a patient or serve a customer. They don't live in this fantasy  world of Washington.   My colleagues, unfortunately, have used the public health emergency  in large part not to protect the public from COVID but to promote the  big spending, Big Government bailout agenda.   What I am talking about is this, in the name of COVID, bailing out  student loans that cost taxpayers a trillion dollars, bailing out  schools that don't open their doors to their students. Bailout after  bailout, that is what this is about.   While Democrats are jamming us with all these bailouts in the name of  COVID, taxpayers can't get their Social Security benefits and their tax  returns or their passports. You heard the stories.   Here is my question. It is a simple one. How can the people's  government serve the people if the people in the government don't come  to work? That is the question from my constituents in west Texas. Here  is the answer. It can't. It doesn't.   If hardworking Americans don't have the luxury of not coming to work  and teleworking for the rest of their lives, then the Biden  administration and our government employees should do the same. Get  back to work. Do your job. Serve the customer because that is what you  signed up to do.   We are here to hold them accountable, with all due respect.   