 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I introduced the Congressional  Review Act, a resolution of disapproval to overturn the Biden  administration's newest student loan scheme: income-driven repayment.  Just like President Biden's student loan cancellation scheme that was  overturned by the Supreme Court, this policy does not forgive debt, it  transfers the burden of almost $560 billion in Federal student loans  from those who willingly took out the loans for college to make more  money when they graduated to Americans who never attended college or  who have already fulfilled their commitment to pay off their loans.   Under this rule, a majority of bachelor's degree student loan  borrowers will not be expected to even pay back the principal. We have  moved beyond forgiving the interest, and we are now not even asking  them to pay back the principal.   Additionally, 91 percent of new student loan debt would be eligible  for reduced payments subsidized by taxpayers. These policies are as  unfair as they are irresponsible. Where is the forgiveness for the guy  who didn't go to college but is working to pay off the loan on the  truck that he takes to work?   What about the woman who paid off her student loans but now struggles  to pay her utilities or her mortgage? Is the administration providing  her relief? Of course not. Instead, the administration would have them  not only pay their bills but the bills of those who decided to go to  college in order to get a degree to make more money.   The resolution prevents average Americans, 80 percent of whom have no  student loans, from being stuck with a policy that the administration  is pushing not to be fair to all but rather to favor a few. The Supreme  Court has already established the President does not have the authority  to cancel hundreds of billions in student loans without direct consent  from Congress. It is clear President Biden is trying to deflect the  political fallout of the false promises that he never had the legal  authority to make.   President Biden's plan did nothing to address the problems that  created the debt in the first place. It doesn't hold colleges or  universities accountable for rising costs. According to the College  Board, in the last 30 years, tuitions and fees have jumped in private  nonprofit colleges by 80 percent. At public 4-year institutions, they  jumped 124 percent. The Biden administration has refused to propose any  solution that actually addresses the underlying problems that created  the debt crisis in the first place.   We cannot spend our way out of the problem of the ever-increasing  costs of higher education. We need real solutions. That is why my  colleagues and I introduced the Lowering Education Costs and Debt Act,  a package of five bills aimed at directly addressing the issues driving  skyrocketing costs of higher education and the increasing amounts of  debt students take on to attend school.   Our legislation puts downward pressure on tuition, empowering  students to make the educational decisions that put them on track to  academically and financially succeed. It also simplifies the student  loan borrowing and repayment process so students don't take out more  loans than they need and can navigate the student loan process without  confusion. Unlike President Biden's student loan schemes, these are  commonsense solutions that actually address root causes of the student  loan crisis. In fact, some of the bills included in the package already  have strong bipartisan support.   President Biden's student loan scheme is not a fix; it is merely a  bandaid forcing taxpayers to shoulder the responsibility of paying off  someone else's debt. We need strong leadership.   President Biden's failure to address rising tuition costs won't hurt  the rich; only the middle- and lower-income Americans who will continue  to be punished, forced to take out more and more loans just to get an  education.   I will close by urging all my colleagues to support my Congressional  Review Act resolution to prevent President Biden's reckless student  loan scheme and to work together on real solutions to tackle the rising  cost and debt of students. If we don't act, students will continue to  drown in debt without a path for success.   (Mr. MARKEY assumed the Chair.)   