 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding. I also thank her and the gentleman from Illinois for talking  about the importance for opportunity and a recognition of the history  of discrimination in the United States.   The Supreme Court has long held that our Nation has a compelling  interest in creating racially diverse college campuses.   Holistic college admissions practices that narrowly tailor the use of  race as one of many factors in evaluating prospective students are a  key to fostering such diversity in a college campus environment.   Such admissions policies not only help the historically underserved  students, research confirms that diverse campuses also provide all  students with a better quality, well-rounded education.   Last month, the Supreme Court decided, with little regard for  precedent, that Harvard's and the University of North Carolina's  pursuit of these compelling interests is unconstitutional.   Regrettably, the Supreme Court's decision is a setback in our effort  to eliminate invidious disparities in access to higher education and an  effort to ensure diverse learning environments for all students.   Now that it is done, it is imperative that we review all other facets  of college admissions that research shows may be racially  discriminatory and have a disparate impact and determine if they, too,  need to be eliminated, given this ruling.   Now, there are admissions factors to take into consideration:  Racially inequitable K-12 schooling opportunities, racially biased  admissions tests, the legacy admissions that have been mentioned, and  other factors that may have a discriminatory impact.   Now, race-conscious affirmative action provides a counterbalance to  these discriminatory practices, but since the Court has invalidated  that balance, we must now review all current admissions practices to  see if they, too, have disparate impact so that we can see whether or  not they are in violation of the Equal Protection Clause or Title VI of  the Civil Rights Act.   To facilitate that review, we must pass the Equity and Inclusion  Enforcement Act. This bill that has been pending for several years  would hold federally funded programs, including schools, accountable  for providing students with equal access to education by restoring a  private right of action for students and parents to bring disparate  impact claims under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act.   Because of a Supreme Court's interpretation about 20 years ago, there  is no longer a private right of action in Title VI cases. Those cases  based on disparate impact must be brought by the Federal Government. So  if there is discrimination going on, the Federal Government has to run  around the country and find it. If it is going on in your community and  you know it, you can't bring that individual case.  [[Page H3201]]    Mr. Speaker, Justice Sotomayor said it best in her dissent when she  said that: ``Ignoring race will not equalize a society that is racially  unequal. What was true in the 1860s, and again in 1954, is true today:  Equality requires acknowledgment of inequality.''   Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Payne), my colleague.   