 Mr. Speaker, I am fortunate to be able to  represent a district full of patriotic veterans who have served this  country honorably. Every American and, certainly, Congress, owes our  veterans, all we have promised them, and more.   The issue we are discussing today has imposed significant hardships  on veterans and their families who have long relied on trusted, local,  and convenient healthcare professionals for their prescription  medications.   Due to negotiations between Express Scripts on behalf of the  Department of Defense and independently owned pharmacies, thousands of  local pharmacies are unable to provide prescriptions for TRICARE  patients.   This means that many retail pharmacies are unable to work with  TRICARE customers, restricting pharmacy access for millions of people  all over the country, including many in my district and primarily in  rural Alabama.  [[Page H480]]    I have heard numerous upsetting stories from my constituents who have  been impacted. One tells me he can no longer use Express Scripts due to  his medication prices more than doubling from his local pharmacy, which  no longer accepts TRICARE. He recently waited over 4 hours for his  prescriptions at his new pharmacy.   Another constituent, who recently had to stand in line at a pharmacy  for over an hour with other upset patrons, explained to my office that  multiple times Express Scripts has run low on his mental health  medications and failed to deliver them to him on time, causing a  dangerous interruption in his medication schedule.   Mr. Speaker, one of my constituents has used the same pharmacy for 54  years and thinks of them as a partner. They are in frequent  communication regarding her health, and the professionals there often  help her decide which medications will be most beneficial to her.   Unfortunately, Express Scripts has not met her needs. When visiting  another pharmacy recommended to her by Express Scripts, she was  informed that they are not a fully functional pharmacy and that they  were also unable to help her.   She has told my office that our veteran population loves our country,  but too often it seems our country does not love them back.   The treatment of our own veterans is unacceptable and, in the  greatest country in the world, our government must do everything  possible to alleviate the suffering of our veterans and their families,  who have already sacrificed so much.   I appreciate my colleague, Buddy Carter, an experienced independent  pharmacist, for hosting this Special Order and his leadership on this  issue.   We have no greater responsibility than keeping our promises to our  veterans, and I am committed to ensuring that families using TRICARE  receive the utmost care from their trusted, local healthcare  professionals.   