 Mr. Speaker, if you support Ukraine, you  cannot support this rule. My overarching concern here is for Ukraine. I  mean, let's start with the fact that there is a Ukrainian supplemental  that is needed to continue our support that the House Republicans are  refusing to bring to the floor in any form, and they have given no  indication whatsoever that they are going to bring that bill to the  floor.   That is frustrating because we have had a number of votes on support  for Ukraine, and it is very apparent that over 300 Members of this body  support that, an overwhelming majority of Republicans. Yet, as of  October 1, our ability to continue to support Ukraine also dies.   For all those Members on the other side of the aisle who support  Ukraine, why are you letting that support die? Why aren't you insisting  on moving forward with some kind of vote on the supplemental to help  them?   Let's focus on this particular rule. What this rule does is it takes  out the funding for Ukraine. If you support Ukraine, you can't vote for  this rule because it undoes the vote that we did yesterday. It very  publicly, for Putin and all the world to see, shows the U.S. House  voting to cut the funding for Ukraine. That is what it does. The only  reason it is here is because the people who don't support Ukraine want  it to be here.   Now, tip of the hat to Marjorie Taylor Greene and Matt Gaetz and all  the other folks who don't support Ukraine, who seem sympathetic to  Putin for reasons that I really don't want to think about, are forcing  this vote to advance their interests, and that is fine.   However, for all the people who claim to support Ukraine on the other  side of the aisle, how can they vote to take out the money that they  voted in favor of yesterday? I share the chairman's mystification at  what is going on here.   Now, I know there is a separate bill that will then fund Ukraine  except that that separate bill is dead on arrival in the Senate. It is  not going anywhere. Also, the vote on the rule, the rule strips out the  money from Ukraine. That is what it does. It undoes the vote from  yesterday.   Believe me, the Russians are good at propaganda. I have seen this  propaganda, and I guarantee you that what they will use and what a lot  of our allies will wonder about, why did the United States House vote  to strip the money away from Ukraine that it had voted for the day  before? It will be played as America backing off of its commitment from  Ukraine.   If you support Ukraine, you have to vote ``no.'' The people who don't  support Ukraine are the ones who brought this motion. It is a free  world. If you want to not support Ukraine, that is fine. Good for you  for advancing this. However, the people who support Ukraine standing up  here and voting for this? It is just unbelievable to me that we would  undermine the support for Ukraine given how important that fight is.   We should support Ukraine. Please vote against this rule.   