 Madam President, it is a privilege to join my colleague  from West Virginia, Senator Capito, on the floor today to talk about  legislation that we will be introducing tomorrow.   It is about permitting, and I come to the floor to talk about ways to  lower prices for American families and to restore our country to energy  dominance. And, of course, the way to achieve this is by fixing our  broken permitting process.   There is a lot of work to be done. There is bipartisan support to do  it. She will be introducing, along with me, our legislation tomorrow,  and this legislation is going to streamline a very complicated  permitting process. It is going to speed up American infrastructure and  energy, as well as mining projects. Taken together, this legislation  will address fatal flaws in today's Federal permitting process.   Now, the current system moves in very slow motion. Too often, as  Senator Capito said, there is no motion at  [[Page S1480]]  all. Things are stopped in their tracks. Today's process forces project  developers to endure a maze of regulations, mountains of paperwork,  expensive studies, and bureaucratic foot-dragging.   It takes an average of 4\1/2\ years now just to complete an  environmental impact statement for one single project. In some cases,  it can take a decade or more to get final approval for a project.   And even if a project makes it through the regulatory roadblocks to  get a permit, it will inevitably be challenged in court. Project  opponents are skilled at exploiting our broken permitting process to  stop all progress. Litigation can drag on for years and cost millions  and millions of dollars.   In my home State of Wyoming, activists are suing to cancel hundreds  of Federal oil and gas permits. Now, these permits were issued after  years of environmental reviews. They are frivolous--the lawsuits--but  they are happening all across the country.   The longer it takes to get a permit, the more a project costs. The  more it costs, the more likely a developer will either pull the plug or  just give up before even starting.   The result of all of this is that energy prices go up. People feel  the pain because, when investments aren't made, jobs don't materialize  and projects of national importance don't get built.   And I am talking about projects like oil and gas wells, pipelines,  transmission lines, wind and solar farms, powerplants, roads, tunnels,  bridges, and mines.   To see what I mean, take a look at this chart from the Economist,  ``Cancel culture.'' It shows that, for the past several years, more  miles of interstate gas pipelines have been canceled than have been  built.   Let me repeat that.   This shows that, for the past several years, more miles of interstate  gas pipelines have been canceled than have been built.   You know, we used to be able to build things in this country--not  anymore. It is not that we don't know how. It is that we are not being  allowed.   It shouldn't take longer to permit a project than to actually build  it. In too many instances, it does. The American people inevitably lose  when that happens.   The permitting process must change so we can lower costs for families  and unleash American energy. We can't keep today's broken process and  expect to stay ahead of rivals like China.   Taken together, the legislation that Senator Capito and I are  introducing is going to streamline the permitting process while  preserving environmental standards. This will put America back in the  lead.   Project developers need to expect a system that is predictable and  delivers a timely answer. Our legislation will do that by sticking to  four basic principles.   First, real reform must benefit the entire country, not a narrow  range of special interests. Our bills are technology and fuel neutral.  By that, we mean we don't put our thumb on the scale for politically  favored technologies. This is going to help expedite projects from both  conventional and alternative energy sources. We need all the energy  here in America.   Second, our legislation includes enforceable timelines with specific  time limits on environmental reviews.   Third, we place time limits on legal challenges to prevent endless  litigation intended solely to kill new energy projects.   And, finally, our legislation prevents the executive branch from  hijacking the process to meet its own policy preferences.   The energy bill that I am going to introduce focuses on streamlining  improvements to produce more American energy and more American mineral  resources. It is going to lower costs for families. It is going to  enhance America's energy security. It is going to reduce reliance on  China, on Russia, and on other adversaries for energy, as well as key  minerals.   A key aspect of my energy bill is to resume Federal onshore and  offshore oil and gas leases. Now, the Biden administration has tried  from day one to block access to Federal lands and waters, regardless of  the law. We cannot allow any administration to deny, defy, and  disregard the law.   My bill also will speed up the production of critical minerals used  in renewable and battery technologies. Our country is blessed with  large mineral deposits. Some are in your home State, Madam President,  and in my home State, in Wyoming, in particular.   We have large reserves of coal, uranium, rare earths, and other  minerals. Yet it often takes over 10 years in the United States to get  a mining permit. Our competitors in China move much faster, as do our  northern neighbors in Canada.   Unlocking domestic mining means that we will no longer have to rely  on China and Russia for critical minerals. Finally, my bill will ensure  the affordability and reliability of our electric grid. We will have  American energy that is affordable, that is reliable, and that is  available.   Now, the House recently passed the Lower Energy Costs Act. The Senate  now has an opportunity to pass our own legislation. We can pass  bipartisan legislation that unleashes American energy, boosts our  international competitiveness, creates jobs, and lowers prices. This  starts with fixing today's broken permitting process.   Now, Democrats said last year that this reform is necessary. Senator  Capito and I are bringing solutions to the table. If Democrats are  serious about fixing the broken process, meaningful reform is possible.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to yield back  all time and the vote begin immediately.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   