 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call  be rescinded.    Mr. President, on Sunday, our Border Patrol reported more  than 7,500 migrants illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border--7,500  migrants crossed the border on Sunday. Then on Monday, there were more  than 8,000 arrests along the southern border as a new surge of migrants  tried crossing on that day.   These numbers still haven't provoked any significant, meaningful  response from the Biden administration, even though they are just shy  of that single-day record for the year that was recorded in May after  the end of title 42.   Every day, I think that there is going to be a response, a reply, a  significant effort. It isn't necessarily a partisan issue. Democratic  Mayor Eric Adams stated last week that New York City is being  destroyed, and it will cost $12 billion after an influx of 110,000  migrants from the southern border have landed in the city. And while  110,000 migrants clearly are a massive number for any city to absorb,  it is only a tiny fraction--a very tiny fraction--of the 2.76--2.76  million migrants who crossed the border in fiscal year 2022.   The unending catastrophic situation on the border has continued for  so long that it seems like the Biden administration has grown numb to  what, in any circumstance, would be considered a crisis--a crisis for  the people who are crossing, a crisis for the people in the United  States, a crisis for the people in New York City.  [[Page S4646]]    Gone are the days when the migrants showing up at our borders were  from our neighboring country to the south. Now migrants are flooding in  on trains from El Salvador, Haiti, Ecuador, Nicaragua, and most  significant to me, China.   We have a gaping hole in our national security that stretches from  California to Texas and, I assume, our other borders as well, and our  adversaries are already using that circumstance to their advantage.   I visited the border with a bipartisan group of Senators earlier this  year and witnessed Chinese nationals being apprehended--apprehended--by  our border agents.   This week, it was reported that approximately 18,000 Chinese  nationals had been encountered at the southern border. This is compared  to 2,000 in 2022 and only 450--still a big number--in 2021. It was also  reported that some of these individuals potentially had ties to the  Chinese Communist Party and that not one of them was detained for any  length of time.   This failure to respond to the arrival of the Chinese succeeded the  FBI report that I had read, with great concern, about migrants with  ties to ISIS who had been permitted to enter the country. The Customs  and Border Patrol, which is overworked and understaffed, released an  individual on the terrorist watch list into the country. The American  people deserve answers from Secretary Mayorkas and from the Biden  administration.   I have been on this floor previously, numerous times, like many of my  colleagues, to make the case that the crisis at the southern border is  causing an influx of illegal, deadly drugs--like fentanyl from China-- to enter the United States and is leading to the overdose deaths of  thousands of Americans. I made the case that this is a humanitarian  crisis as mothers and children attempt to make the long, dangerous trek  across Mexico. Along the way, they face hunger, heat waves, human  trafficking, and drug cartels. Caravans with thousands of migrants  continue to march on our southern border. Border agents have been  pulled away to deal with the record number of migrants and are left  without the manpower to try and stop drug and human traffickers, spies,  and potential terrorists.   For a long time, we have worried about people just coming across our  border who are violating our sovereignty and taking our jobs; but it is  even more significant and more critical that we respond now as our law  enforcement deals with drug cartels, human trafficking, and now our  national security--harmed significantly by those who enter our country  illegally to do us harm.   President Biden must act to ensure the stricter enforcement of our  immigration laws, reinstate the construction of a wall or fencing in  areas that are largely unprotected, and the administration must send a  message, loud and clear, that our border is closed to unlawful  entrants.   It is way past time--way past time--we finished the wall and gave our  law enforcement agents the tools they need to better protect our  border. Instead, this administration is sitting on resources and paying  storage fees for the unused border wall panels. With the President's  lack of action, it is just an amazing circumstance we find ourselves  in. Our national security is at stake, and we have failed to respond.   I would say that we can do more than one thing at one time. I also  believe that the Senate should act to deliver lasting solutions to keep  our border secure, to keep our communities safe, and to ensure the  humane treatment of migrants. We could start by taking a vote on the  Secure the Border Act. Securing our southern border shouldn't be--and I  hope isn't--a Republican or a Democratic issue. It is not a Texas or a  New Mexico or an Arizona issue. It is a national security issue.   Speaking of national security, I would be remiss if I didn't raise  the importance of passing a supplemental appropriation that includes  not only support for our efforts to contain the influx of people on our  southern border and on our borders generally but that also includes  money to support the efforts by the Ukrainian people to have a free  country. While Ukrainian forces have not made a decisive breakthrough  in their counteroffensive, they are making incremental progress that  deserves our ongoing support.   The commitments made by our European allies now surpass America's,  and the assistance that the United States has sent to Ukraine has been  accounted for by multiple inspectors general. A failure on our part to  remain committed would shake the confidence in the United States of  allied capitals around the world. This, in turn, could lead to more  aggression by more adversaries. Now is not the time to give up on  Ukraine. Vladimir Putin is counting on our doing so. His only way to  win--his only way to win--is to hang in long enough until the West-- until the United States--and our allies grow tired or otherwise become  distracted. America's resolve against Russia's aggression should be  unwavering.   The world is watching and judging American dependability. If we are  found unreliable, the world will become an even more dangerous place.  If we fail, the world becomes a more dangerous place. This is certainly  about Ukraine, but it is about the security and safety of the people of  the United States. Looking the other way is not an option.   What is happening at our southern border and, in fact, what is  happening well beyond our borders in Europe needs a serious response.  The security of our country, the security of American citizens, the  security of Kansans depends upon it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   