 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my colleague  from Georgia's privileged resolution to censure the Congresswoman from  Minnesota.   Before I do so, I remind my dear friend from Maryland that the  Founding Fathers did not envision Twitter, but the Nuremberg War Crimes  Tribunal decided that genocide, in fact, is a felony.   One month ago today, October 7, 2023, savages from the terrorist  organization, Hamas, invaded Israel from the Gaza Strip and  intentionally targeted Jewish civilians, men, women, children, and  infants, and then slaughtered them.   Jews were being killed at a level not seen since the Holocaust, and  worldwide anti-Semitism is at an all-time high. We have seen anti- Semitic and pro-terrorist rallies at major universities across America.  This last weekend, here in our Nation's Capital, we saw over 200,000  people rallying in support of the terrorist organization, Hamas, that  committed these atrocities in Israel. They defaced our national  monuments and the White House.   Most disturbingly, in this House, the House that freed men from the  scourge that is slavery and gave women suffrage, we have a Member who  not only supports this organization, Hamas, that slaughtered these Jews  but has actively called for the eradication of the Jews as a people by  promoting the slogan ``from the river to the sea'' on social media. She  represents this as an aspirational phrase, and she is correct. It is  aspirational for those who call for the destruction of the Jewish  people.   When I retired from the SEAL teams in 2014, I vowed that I would  defend the Jewish people if any horrors like those that took place on  October 7, 2023, were to occur. Following the murder of the innocents  that took place on October 7, I fulfilled that promise by visiting  Israel.   I visited with war-wounded soldiers in medical facilities and  consulted with military and various governmental officials. I grieved  with the families who had lost their loved ones to this savagery. I  visited the kibbutzim where infants were butchered by beasts, including  one who was removed from its pregnant mother's stomach as she watched  in horror before she herself was executed.    I bore witness to these horrors that can barely be described so that  no one can ever tell me that these events did not take place. Hamas is  responsible for them and is enabled by those who parrot their slogans.   Another massacre site I visited was the Supernova music festival,  where  [[Page H5498]]  over 200 children were butchered. Their lives were ruthlessly  extinguished after many were raped, tortured, dismembered, and then  burnt.   As I was walking through the field strewn with the detritus of this  war crime, I noticed some cups, simple festival cups. I asked the  Israeli minister I was with if I could take some home to the United  States so that I would have a tangible object that could represent the  lives of those beautiful children from around the world who were  killed. I brought back enough of these cups to give to many of my  colleagues, including the one I stand here today to censure.   She and many other Members of this House need to understand that  these are human beings. They were not slogans or a flag or a chant.  They were children who will never be able to dance again, never be able  to love again. Most tragically, they will never be able to look into  the eyes of their own children they will never be able to bear.   I ask you today, Mr. Speaker, if you had the chance to stop the  Holocaust, would you?    Mr. Speaker, I call upon my fellow colleagues from  both parties to say yes, we would stop the Holocaust. We will not stay  silent as the 21st century holocaust unfolds before our very eyes. We  will not.   I cast my vote today to censure, to affirm our commitment to justice  and in the defense of the Israeli people.   