 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to speak about the  Congressional Review Act that the Senate and House passed this week on  a bipartisan basis and particularly about the President's decision to  veto that Congressional Review Act.   Now, protecting Americans' property is what government should do-- period; end of story. The American people deserve to know that the  property that they invest in for their retirement is going to go to its  highest, best use; that the person managing that money is going to make  sure they maximize the return so that the couple, the family, the  individual investing in that retirement is making the wisest decisions  for their future.   Instead, President Biden's new environmental and social governance  rule authorizes those who manage that money to prioritize President  Biden's political agenda over the long-term financial health of the  retirement fund of that fellow American. Think about that. It isn't  what is best for their retirement, in their golden years when they are  65, 70, when they have to retire. It is what President Biden wishes to  do now as a political agenda. He is willing to jeopardize the  retirement of the 152 million Americans who are planning for their  future to fulfill his political goal.   Now, it is easy to speak about 152 million people. Let's bring it  down to the young couple. They are 28 years old. They just had their  first child. They are feeling responsible. They are feeling like they  need to put money aside so that--my gosh, it seems so far away--when  they retire, they have taken care of their financial future.   And they read the literature. If the return on my investment is 1  percent more, I have a much better life. If it is 0.5 or 1 percent  less, I have not as good of a life because that is the power of  compounding. Over that long period of time, that little bit of extra  which continues to compound makes the difference sometimes between  having to continue to work and the ability to buy the RV, take off  west, and to see the Grand Canyon. That is kind of putting a human face  upon this. Congress knew that.   When the President said that he was going to endorse this rule-- promulgated it, if you will, put it out there--that told the asset  managers, ``Don't prioritize the best return on the investment;  prioritize what we tell you is the better way to invest the dollars for  our political goals,'' Congress voted on a bipartisan basis to end this  ESG rule and to stand up for that American worker and that American  family who are diligently saving and depend upon the best rate of  return to securely retire.   Now, instead of joining Congress and supporting the workers,  protecting their retirement, the President announced he will veto the  effort. Oh, he doesn't say that he is going to do it to hurt their  long-term retirement plans, but that is absolutely what it does. It  puts window dressing around it: He is saving the planet. You name this;  you name that. He is hurting their retirement plan, and he knows it,  but that is of secondary importance to him.   Now, by the way, for Louisiana energy workers, this is more than a  betrayal of their retirement. It weaponizes their retirement accounts  not just against their future but also against their present. Those  energy workers who are helping to produce the natural gas and the oil  that is fueling our modern economy, that is helping to send natural gas  overseas to Europe so that they can better withstand the financial and  the energy pressure exerted by Russia over their economies, they are  going to be hurt because this ESG rule will tell these financial  institutions not to put as much capital into the development of this  essential oil and natural gas for both our economy, for our European  allies, and, by the way, for natural gas, in terms of helping to  decrease global carbon emissions, and--did I say it--for the retirement  accounts of these workers.   It is another effort by Washington, DC, Democrats to dismantle  America's  [[Page S630]]  energy economy, which has the byproduct--the very unfortunate  byproduct, I suppose--of killing the jobs of millions of Americans.   Those investment managers helping to plan the retirement of these  workers should help these workers achieve their best retirement plans.  That is not necessarily the goal of the Biden administration. It is not  necessarily the goal of academia or the environmental activists. But it  is the savers' money; it is not Joe Biden's.   There is still time for the President to rethink his veto threat. The  President says he is for supporting workers. Then show it. He says he  is for those who do less well in our economy. Then show it. This ESG  policy will make things worse for them. Don't veto. Allow it to go  through.   Supporting American workers means supporting their jobs now and  supporting their retirement savings. I urge him to sign this bill.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   