 Madam President, I rise today to express my total and  complete support for the State of Israel.   On October 7, Hamas terrorists launched an unprovoked and despicable  series of terrorist attacks inside of Israel. The level of barbarism  that we witnessed was nothing short of evil incarnate with the mass  slaughter of innocent civilians and unspeakable violence against women,  children, and the elderly. It was the deadliest massacre of the Jewish  people since the Holocaust. These crimes against humanity were also  visited upon our American citizens as well. At last count, 30 Americans  were murdered by Hamas, and others are currently being held hostage.   We pray for comfort for the families of those who were killed, and we  continue to pray and work for the safe return of those who are unjustly  being held by the terrorists.   Compounding these atrocities are the reactions in some parts of the  world and even here in our own land, like the sickening anti-Semitic  protests in city streets and on university campuses. These vile  demonstrations celebrated, they justified, and they endorsed this  violence. Simply put, there can be no place in our country for anti- Semitic bigotry.   But we have also seen some politicians--some who work in this very  Capitol--express a cynical moral ambiguity, blithely declaring that  both sides are at fault, explaining away the motives of the terrorists  while preaching restraint from the nation that was attacked.   So, to those who need a reminder, there is a stark difference between  the two sides here.   Israel is the Middle East's only democracy. They have been a force  for stability in a region historically beset by chaos. They have been  one of America's strongest friends in good times and in bad. When faced  with attacks, they go out of their way to avoid civilian casualties,  sometimes at the cost of their own Israeli lives. Israel is an  unmistakable force for good.   Then you have the terrorists of Hamas. Their founding charter calls  for the destruction of the State of Israel. Their largest benefactor,  Iran, lends its materiel and financial support to this cause of their  destruction each and every day. They intentionally target civilians-- they fire rockets into crowded markets--and they preach the sort of  hate that triggered the Holocaust.   Make no mistake, the only word to describe all of this is ``evil.''  And, unlike the Holocaust, we have seen this evil in realtime. We have  seen it with our own eyes.   Evil is surrounding a music festival full of innocent young people  and systematically hunting them down and slaughtering them on the side  of the road. That is evil. Evil is kidnapping elderly women out of  their homes and threatening on the internet to murder them. And evil is  beheading and burning babies in front of their mothers and fathers.   The line between morality and depravity, right now, is as bright as  it has ever been. As a country, we must not avoid the reality that this  is good versus evil, because if we try to turn away from evil, if we  try to deny that it is evil, or to beg for context to explain away the  evil, then we do a disservice to our credibility, and we stain the soul  of a nation.   We must stand shoulder to shoulder with the State of Israel. We must  provide them with everything that they need to secure the safety of  their nation and eliminate the threat of terrorism.   So I call on the Biden administration to project unequivocal strength  to the forces of evil in our world. In this struggle between good and  evil, America must lead the forces of good. And we must not fail.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, on October 7, Hamas terrorists launched an  unprovoked and barbaric series of terrorist attacks inside Israel. Over  1,400 children, women, and men were brutally murdered. Thirty-one  Americans were killed, and dozens remain missing or held hostage.   In the wake of such a despicable series of attacks, we must ensure  that our taxpayer dollars are not being sent to aid these terrorist  killers.   Two years ago, one of our own State Department officials in the Biden  administration acknowledged the possibility that aid to the  Palestinians could find its way into Hamas's hands. That is  unacceptable.   That is why Senator Rick Scott's Stop Taxpayer Funding of Hamas Act  is so critical right now. It simply states that no U.S. taxpayer  dollars would be authorized to Gaza until the President certifies to  us, to Congress, that there are measures in place to prevent any  taxpayer dollars from benefiting terrorist organizations.   At the end of the day, we should be standing shoulder to shoulder  with the State of Israel to give them everything that they need to  destroy Hamas.   I urge the Senate to pass this without delay.   I thank my colleague from Florida for his leadership on this issue,  and I yield to him.   