 Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that the Long Island crew is  acting in bad faith, just exceedingly bad judgment. Here is why. Since  the beginning of this Congress, there are only two ways you get  expelled: You get convicted of a crime, or you participated in the  Civil War. Neither apply to George Santos.   I rise not to defend George Santos, whoever he is, but to defend the  very precedent that my colleagues are willing to shatter.   Let's speak to due process. Mr. Santos hasn't been convicted of  anything, but we haven't even moved to expel the people who have.   Mr. Bowman pled guilty to a misdemeanor for his little fire alarm  stunt weeks ago. While the Ethics Committee is marching to throw George  Santos out of Congress, they take no action as to someone who actually  pled guilty to a crime? What is that all about?   Then, there is all this talk about, well, he could have testified to  the Ethics Committee, and he didn't, so he had his due process. That  belies the fact that he faces a trial. Had Mr. Santos testified before  the Ethics Committee, an argument could have been made that he waived  any of his rights that he would have had at trial, that any American  would enjoy. It was a procedural double bind that shouldn't be held  against Mr. Santos as some sort of adverse inference.  [[Page H6020]]    Let's also talk about this precedent. The fact pattern as to Mr.  Santos is remarkably similar to the fact pattern of former  Representative Duncan Hunter. Duncan Hunter used campaign money on  girlfriends, trips, home improvements, and all sorts of personal  lavishes. He was indicted for those crimes and continued to serve in  Congress. He pled guilty to a number of those crimes and continued to  serve in Congress. He was in Congress for, like, an additional pay  period after having pled guilty to the very same things that Mr. Santos  has been indicted for.   I think it is persuasive to me that Mr. Higgins and Mr. Nehls, two  law enforcement officials with sterling reputations, are here not  necessarily to defend Mr. Santos but to defend this precedent and this  due process that is being shattered.    I was struck when the author of this resolution said the quiet part  out loud. He didn't try to shoehorn the expulsion of George Santos into  some existing construct or precedent. He said, yep, we are making a  whole new precedent, and we are making whole new rules right now.  However, he defends that by saying that the new rules are better, that  it is a higher standard, so we should just throw away everything that  has happened from the First Congress to the 118th because the new  precedent is more robust. The problem is, it is a lower standard for  due process without merit.   Mr. Speaker, whatever Mr. Santos did with Botox or OnlyFans is far  less concerning to me than the indictment against Senator Menendez, who  is holding gold bars inscribed with Arabic on them from Egypt while he  is still getting classified briefings today. He is not getting thrown  out of the Senate. He is getting classified briefings. He is under  indictment for bribery, but because Santos was buying Botox and  OnlyFans, we have to throw him out?   If George Santos is convicted, he ought to be expelled. Until then,  it is an incredibly dangerous thing for people in Washington, D.C., to  substitute their judgment for the judgment of voters.   Winston Churchill said that in a democracy people get the government  that they deserve. Well, the people of Mr. Santos' district elected  him. This is not some district in rural Mississippi with, like, one  newspaper. This is New York City, and George Santos rolls in there,  wins, and do you know what? It is between him and his voters, him and  the justice system.   The fact that the Ethics Committee has done this incredible violation  of precedent will do grave damage to this institution for many years to  come because now there is no requirement for any conviction. There is a  departure from the precedent from the Duncan Hunter matter and many  others, and I fear that may indicate what lies ahead for the future of  due process in the House of Representatives.   