 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I wanted to be able to come back to the  floor to talk about the SOIL Act. The SOIL Act is a bill that I  introduced last year that deals with Chinese ownership of land in the  United States.   Since I have introduced this bill, several of my colleagues here in  this room have also introduced other bills that are similar to it.  Good. That means people are paying attention to this and the  conversation is starting. I am all for as many ideas as we can get out  here on how to be able to solve this because the most basic principle  that we have right now is, if we miss an obvious trend that is  happening here, it is to our economic peril.   This chart has just a very simple number on it. In 2020, Chinese  entities owned almost 200,000 acres of land in the United States. One  year later, they are at almost 400,000 acres in the United States--in 1  year. This is from 2020 to 2021. This trend is happening all over the  country, and we are certainly seeing it in my State of Oklahoma.   When I travel around my State, I hear people talk about the border; I  hear people talk about the economy; and I often will hear people say:  Hey, there is a lot of foreign ownership going into land right now in  Oklahoma, and it is dramatically affecting the price of real estate,  the price of agricultural land but also what is happening on that land.   Now, my State may be a little bit different than some others or it  may be that the same thing is happening in your State.   About half a decade ago, my State did medical marijuana legalization.  It was a decision of the voters of my State to be able to say they want  to get access to medical marijuana for those who need it. The problem  is that Chinese entities and Chinese criminal organizations and Mexican  cartels immediately flooded the market in our State, and we have seen a  rapid rise in marijuana in our State, much of it done in the illegal  market. It is not just happening for the ``medical'' side in our State;  it is being distributed all over the country from my State.   Just a few months ago, I was looking on different worldwide news  sources and was shocked to see in the BBC News headlines for that day a  story about my State on the global news headlines about a group of  Chinese nationals who were shot execution-style in a grow operation in  Oklahoma. The individual who executed them was on the run and then was  arrested in Florida a couple of days later. He was also a Chinese  national.   Chinese criminal organizations have moved into my State in mass  numbers. The year after marijuana was legalized in my State for  ``medical'' purposes, we had more land sales to foreign entities in  Oklahoma than any other State in America as Chinese criminal  organizations and Mexican cartels immediately moved in to be able to  set up shop in distribution nationwide.   Many people said they didn't think it was legal for foreign entities  to be able to own land in the United States. Well, there is a gap,  actually, in our law. It is an issue that I want us to be able to deal  with on how we are going to challenge this issue.   Let me give you just another perspective beyond just the Chinese side  of things--another perspective on this. Ten years ago, 321,000 acres in  Oklahoma were owned by a foreign entity--10 years ago. Today, it is  1.67 million acres in my State are owned by a foreign entity--from  321,000 to 1.67 million acres. There is a rapid transition that is  happening. Foreign entities are rapidly buying up land. I will tell  you, if you are a farmer and rancher, they would say, you know, there  are some things God is just not making more of, and one of them is  land. You can't just give that up.   This is a problem. It is a problem nationally. It is not just a  problem in the marijuana industry; it is a problem nationally. It is a  problem dealing, quite frankly, with our national security. We  currently have a 1-mile buffer around all of our military installations  that you can't own land if you are a foreign entity within 1 mile  around our military installations. We now believe that is not nearly  enough.   Quite frankly, foreign nationals from many countries like China are  buying up the land around our critical infrastructure, around our  telecom infrastructure, around military bases,  [[Page S979]]  around government offices. They are not buying it because they are  looking for another place to invest. They are buying it to set up shop  for their own operations and their own spying and their own control of  our economy. We should pay attention to this.   As we deal with different entities, like data or healthcare entities,  they have to go through a process. It is called the CFIUS process. It  is that process, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the  United States--the abbreviation you will hear for Committee on Foreign  Investment in the United States is CFIUS. That process includes  entities like the Treasury, Commerce, Defense, the intelligence  community--they all have to be involved if a foreign entity wants to be  able to buy, let's say, a telecom company or they want to buy a lot of  big data around a hospital, whatever it may be. It has to go through  that process on that.    Agricultural land is not in that though. There is no review for that.  So there is no prioritization for foreign investment of our land, even  where it is, so this has become an ``out of sight, out of mind'' issue.   The bill that I have called the SOIL Act does a mandatory review of  CFIUS of that process--the Committee on Foreign Investment in the  United States--for agricultural land and the entity. That is in two  categories: if they are a national security threat--that country is a  national security threat--or they are what is called a nonmarket  economy.   Let me explain what those two things are. The national security  threat is pretty straightforward. That is China, Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. If China, Russia, Iran, or North Korea want to buy land  around the edge of one of our military bases, right outside that 1-mile  buffer, if they want to buy lots of land around our infrastructure or  telecom, it is not for our good. We should have a review of that.   The second thing is a nonmarket economy. This is an economy that is  run by the government, not by private business.   Again, China would fall squarely into this as a communist nation. You  cannot run an investment business--especially a foreign entity outside  of China--without it running through the Communist Party in China, so  they are a nonmarket economy.   One of the most basic parts about this is, if you are going to buy  any kind of land in the United States and you are from one of those  countries that is a nonmarket economy or that is a national security  threat, we should have a mandatory review of that so they could  actually do that kind of purchase. But we just want to know why, where,  how much, what is the purpose of this, and we can ask those practical  questions of it.   The SOIL Act that I have also tries to close some of the loopholes  that are in our Federal law. Let me talk through a couple of those.  Currently, we have a foreign entity--let's say a Chinese entity--that  is doing an ag purpose there, they would still be available for  agricultural subsidies in the United States. Well, that needs to be  closed.   We shouldn't do agricultural subsidies for any entity that is a  foreign entity coming into the United States doing investment, so it  closes that loophole. It closes all of the disclosure loopholes dealing  with agricultural landholdings.   Right now if you have a landholding that is around 10 acres, then you  don't have to disclose it. Well, a lot of these operations are less  than 10 acres, and there is a lot that you can do on 10 acres if that  10 acres also happens to be right on our critical infrastructure, right  on our telecom, or maybe it is also doing a criminal operation.   Also this deals with issues of long-term leases. Entities would come  in and say, well, we are not really buying the land, we are just doing  a 99-year lease. Well, that is the equivalent of actually owning the  land, and so it gets around that loophole.   It also beefs up our enforcement for those who violate our foreign  investment laws. It also requires annual reporting, for China and  Russia in particular.   Listen, I am not trying to stop foreign investments into the country.  If BMW wants to be able to come do manufacturing here in the United  States for their cars or Nissan or any number of manufacturing products  that are here from all over the world, they are welcome to be here.  They are welcome to do foreign investment.   But when Iran is buying up a big chunk of land, we should ask the  question why they are doing that. And, currently, we don't even have a  process to do that. When China is snapping up land by the hundreds of  thousands of acres, we should ask the question: Why is China buying  hundreds of thousands of acres of American land all of a sudden? What  is the goal?   We should ask that question; and, currently, we don't have a process  to do that. So let's fix that. The SOIL Act gets on top of that issue  and says we see the trend. Let's not just watch this go sideways; let's  actually engage. And let's protect our national security, and let's  protect our national interest.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   