 Madam Speaker, I rise to encourage President Biden to  withdraw the nomination of Julie Su for Secretary of Labor. At this  pivotal moment for the American workforce, we need a Secretary of Labor  who is on the side of workers.   With Ms. Su's nomination stalled, the Biden administration is  currently going to extraordinary lengths to try to save it.   In a story headlined, ``Pressure Mounts to Confirm Julie Su to be  Labor Secretary,'' The Washington Post reports that the White House is  engaged in a full-court press to confirm Su and has launched a daily  war room call to strategize on how to get her confirmed.   The Bloomberg headline reads, ``White House Prods Senate Holdouts to  End Stalemate Over DOL's Su,'' reporting that White House officials are  launching a final lobbying push to convince undecided Senators to vote  for President Biden's embattled Labor Secretary nominee.   Politico's headline reads, ``Biden World Goes to the Mat to Get Julie  Su Confirmed,'' reporting that the Biden White House is ramping up its  pressure on Senate Democrats and deploying some big guns to get her  nomination over the line, saying a full-court press  [[Page H2415]]  is on for the Labor nominee as confirmation remains in doubt.   Madam Speaker, if this were a qualified nominee, there would be no  need for a full-court press, a war room, or a lobbying push. There  would be no need for prodding, ramping up pressure, or going to the  mat.   Even at this late hour, we are receiving additional information that  further disqualifies Ms. Su from being confirmed. In addition to her  track record of gross mismanagement and attacking workers, she has also  demonstrated a disrespect for the rule of law.   At a recent hearing I chaired of the Education and the Workforce  Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, a former administrator of the  Department of Labor's Wage and Hour Division, Tammy McCutchen,  testified that the Department of Labor, which is currently led by  Acting Secretary Su, is ignoring current law when it comes to  classifying independent contractors. Even though the courts have  determined that the Trump administration's legal standard, which  protects independent contracting, is still the law, this standard, she  testified, is nowhere to be found on DOL's website, which instead  contains a different set of factors that isn't the law, but that Acting  Secretary Su would prefer to enforce because they are designed to  deprive freelancers of their livelihoods. Ms. McCutchen testified,  ``The DOL's website is providing erroneous information and misleading  the public,'' and she further testified that enforcement activity  appears to ignore current law as well.   This disregard for the law was a hallmark of Julie Su's tenure in  California, where she served as Governor Gavin Newsom's secretary of  labor. For instance, a memo recently released by the agency she headed  in California shows that Su directed her staff to obstruct U.S.  Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials who visited state labor  offices. This memo was only obtained, by the way, directly from the  California agency after Su repeatedly ignored and refused requests to  provide it as part of the confirmation process.   In the memo, Ms. Su provided instructions to her staff for  obstructing Federal immigration authorities, writing, ``Labor  commissioner staff should not voluntarily permit a Federal immigration  agent to enter any part of our office. Staff should ask the agent to  leave our office, including the waiting room, and inform the agent that  the labor commissioner does not consent to entry or search of any part  of our office. Doors that lead to the inner office suite, and office  doors that are generally locked or shut, should not be voluntarily  opened for the agent.''   In addition to obstructing immigration enforcement in her role as  California labor secretary, Ms. Su also defied the will of Congress. At  our recent hearing of the Workforce Protections Subcommittee, witness  Karen Anderson, a leader of independent contractors in California,  testified how during the COVID shutdowns, Secretary Su withheld  benefits from independent contractors that Congress had provided under  the CARES Act.   Ms. Anderson testified that Ms. Su tried to entrap independent  contractors into applying for regular State unemployment benefits even  though they weren't qualified for them. This was a ploy designed to get  independent contractors to characterize their clients as employers,  thereby triggering an audit of their businesses under the State's  notorious AB 5 law, which Ms. Su was an architect of. This not only  placed an additional burden on these small businesses, which were  already in many cases on their last legs because of the lockdowns, but  it delayed independent workers from receiving the benefits that  Congress had authorized and that they were entitled to by law. Even  California Congressman Adam Schiff wrote a letter to Su at the time,  instructing her to release the benefits as Congress had intended.   Madam Speaker, it is beyond doubt that if confirmed Julie Su would  not be a partner of this Congress. She would readily defy the will of  Congress and defy the law when it suited her or the administration's  purposes. She is manifestly unqualified to lead the United States  Department of Labor, and I urge the President to withdraw her  nomination.   