 Mr. President, as the Senate convened this week, our  colleagues negotiating on border security were still at the table  making slow and steady progress. They are chipping away at years of  failure to enact basic commonsense border security policy. Reaching an  agreement that can pass Congress and become law is easier said than  done.   But I am very grateful to Senator Lankford for sticking with it. Our  colleagues' effort to address the glaring national security challenge  here at home is the foundation of our broader responsibility to meet  the linked threats we are facing around the world, from the Indo- Pacific to Europe, to the Middle East.   Needless to say, it is a particularly dangerous time for nations that  care about protecting their sovereignty from totalitarian thugs and  savage terrorists. The headlines are filled with evidence that  America's most dangerous adversaries are demonstrably not deterred, and  it might have something to do with the Biden administration's penchant  for deterring itself instead.   America is a global superpower, but far too often, our Commander in  Chief has conducted our foreign affairs with hesitation and weakness.  Remember his administration's overwrought fears of ``escalation'' that  kept essential capabilities out of Ukrainian hands or the feeble half  measures in response to an ongoing surge in attacks on U.S. personnel  in Iraq and Syria.   Reports that the Biden administration now wants to constrain Israel's  efforts to destroy Hamas are disappointing but not surprising. Two  months ago, the administration was encouraging Israel to slow down its  response before entering Gaza. Now, it is telling Israel to hasten its  operations and wind them down to a close.   America cannot afford to lose sight of reality. We must not blur the  boldface line between a sovereign democracy that takes great pains to  avoid civilian casualties and a terrorist organization that steals  humanitarian aid from vulnerable Gazans to fuel its war of hate.   Israel did not choose this conflict. It ended the occupation of Gaza  nearly two decades ago, but its policy of seeking to lower tensions was  rewarded on October 7 when Hamas unilaterally shattered the cease-fire  with rape, torture, terror, and murder: Hamas, the terrorists who  diverted mountains of foreign assistance intended for civilian  infrastructure to build miles of elaborate terror tunnels instead;  Hamas, the cowards who intentionally hide their fighters and weapons in  schools and hospitals.   Hamas has repeatedly faced the choice between improving the lives of  Palestinians and killing Israelis. Every time, to date, it has chosen  violence. And if Hamas survives with its military capabilities and  leadership intact, it will make that choice again and again.   This is the reality Israel faces. Its war cabinet knows they must see  this fight through. It is the same reality that recent American  Presidents have confronted in the fight against al-Qaida and Isis. But  for Israel, the determined terrorist threat is on its very borders and  its own citizen soldiers are on the line.   So I will repeat what I have said so many times before. Our  responsibility as an ally is to provide the time, space, and support  Israel needs to finish the job, to condemn shameful attempts at moral  equivalence to excuse the genocidal violence of Hamas terrorists and  apply double standards to Israel and to offer counsel to our ally in  private, not in front page genuflections to the President's leftwing  base.   Administration officials and world leaders who care about the  Palestinians would do well to focus less on constraining Israel in the  short term and more on the challenge of ensuring Palestinian leaders  and organizations in Gaza and the West Bank actually care about  improving the lives of their fellow citizens in the long term.   Palestinians deserve better than Hamas's cult of death in Gaza. They  deserve better than a corrupt and sclerotic Palestinian Authority in  the West Bank.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   