 Mr. President, I would like to thank Senator Warnock and  others for coming to the floor today to raise this truly existential  crisis, put it in front of our colleagues.   I have lost count of the number of times I have come down to the  floor of the Senate to talk about this immoral anomaly in which you are  subject to the risk of death by gunshot wound in the United States at a  rate 10 times higher than any other high-income nation.   I wish there were a truly complicated set of factors that play into  the reason why we have so much more gun violence here than in other  nations, but it probably isn't that complicated. We don't have more  mental illness in this country. We don't spend less money on law  enforcement. We don't have angrier people. We just have a lot more  guns, and we are much more permissive in this country about allowing  felons, dangerous people, and the mentally ill to get their hands on  guns, and we are much more permissive around the question of which  kinds of guns get in the hands of private citizens, especially guns  that are designed to kill as many human beings as quickly as possible.   As you can imagine, because I have a pretty high profile on this  issue, when I am back in my State, I get confronted a lot by supporters  of the Second Amendment, NRA members, who want to have a conversation  with me about why I believe what I believe. That conversation normally  starts with the assumption that I want to  [[Page S5777]]  take guns away or ammunition away from law-abiding gun owners.   Almost without exception, when I get confronted by somebody who wants  to talk about guns with me, who comes from that gun-rights side of the  debate, as quickly as I can get the debate to background checks is when  we start agreeing. I have found very few of those conversations in  Connecticut where, even in the most heated of arguments, we don't find  quick agreement on the simple idea that before you buy a gun, you  should have to prove that you are not a criminal or you are not  seriously mentally ill. Why? Because law-abiding gun owners have gone  through background checks. They know that in 90 percent of the cases,  those background checks are processed instantaneously, while you are in  the store. For most of the people who are talking to me who aren't  mentally ill and who don't have criminal histories, that is their only  experience, is that a background check is not a barrier to purchasing a  gun.   So it is just not surprising to me to hear the data that Senator  Warnock is talking about--90 percent of Americans supporting universal  background checks, checks on every gun sale; 89 percent of Republicans,  89 percent of gun owners, 70 percent of NRA members--because even the  gun owners, even the people who feel so fired up about this issue that  they want to come talk to me in the middle of a county fair, were not  disagreeing about that simple policy--just make sure that people who  shouldn't have guns don't get their hands on them.   Some people will say: Well, it is a hassle. It is an unreasonable  barrier.   Well, I just told you that in 90 percent of the cases, they are  resolved instantaneously. In the 10 percent of cases where it takes  more than 5 minutes, that is normally because there is something on  that person's record that we need to find out. What we know is that  there have been millions of gun purchases that have been denied because  felons or seriously mentally ill individuals did try to buy those guns.   But we also know that 99 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of  a gun store. There are 60,000 licensed gun dealers across this country  who can perform background checks. That is four times the number of  McDonald's restaurants in America. It is just not true that it is an  unreasonable restriction of your liberty to just make sure you get a  background check before you buy a gun.   Now, what are we talking about? We are talking about guns that are  largely sold online and through gun shows, because the law today, the  Federal law that I think we still all agree on--I mean, I don't hear a  lot of my Republican colleagues proposing legislation to repeal the  requirement that you should get a background check if you go into a gun  store. All we are talking about is extending that requirement to the  place where a lot of guns are now sold in a way they weren't when we  passed the national instant criminal background check law in the early  1990s. Today, a lot more guns are sold in gun stores, and a lot more  guns are sold online.   The studies that have been done about gun sales online are really  troubling. One study showed that there were 1.2 million online ads  offering firearms for sale that would not require a background check to  be done. That same study showed that one in nine prospective buyers of  guns online would not pass a background check. That is a rate seven  times higher than the denial rate at gun stores. And the reason is the  criminals are going online and going to the gun shows because they know  they will fail the background check if they go to a brick-and-mortar  store.    That is what Seth Ator did. He failed the background check when he  tried to purchase a gun in 2014. But he went to a private seller  online, he bought a gun, and then he used it to kill 7 people and wound  25 others in a mass shooting in Odessa.   This is not theoretical. This happens. How do you think all these  guns get into our cities? It is because the criminal traffickers who  have serious criminal records, who can't buy guns at a brick-and-mortar  store, go to a State that doesn't have universal checks. The criminals,  the traffickers, buy the guns online or at a gun show, and then they  drive them up to Hartford, CT, and they sell them on the black market.   The data just tells us that people believe in background checks; they  want us to pass universal background checks. And the data also tells us  that it works. The numbers vary, but even the least generous studies  tell us that in States that have universal background checks, like  Connecticut, 10 percent fewer people are dying from gun homicides.   And, of course, my law can't fully protect the people in my State  because those guns get trafficked into Connecticut from States that  don't have universal background checks. And so the numbers would be  even bigger if we didn't have all these loopholes.   So I agree with Senator Warnock. This just feels like a test of  democracy. It really does. How does democracy survive if 90 percent of  Americans--90 percent of Republicans, 90 percent of Democrats--want  something and we can't deliver?   Do you want to know why people are flirting with autocracy and  dictatorship? It is because, even when they agree at a 90-percent rate,  they can't get what they want from their government.   I have got to tell you, something does seem pretty wrong if democracy  can't deliver on a 90-percent consensus, and not a 90-percent consensus  about whether your road gets paved--a 90-percent consensus on whether  kids live or die, a 90-percent consensus on an existential question of  survival.   So, Mr. President, as in legislative session, I am going to ask that  we pass a bill that will require universal background checks in this  country. I am going to ask my colleagues to respect the wishes of 90  percent of Americans and do something that we know works.   So I am going to ask, as in legislative session, for unanimous  consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further  consideration of S. 494 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I further ask consent that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table.   