 Madam President, I rise today humbled and honored to  stand in this Chamber to represent the people of the great State of  Nebraska.   The first time I walked into this Chamber, I got chills. This Chamber  represents the hopes and dreams and aspirations of the American people;  it represents the shared values we have had for nearly two-and-a-half  centuries; it represents just how exceptional our Republic, how  exceptional America is.   Today, it is all too easy to take for granted just how exceptional  our great Nation is. Our Founders threw off the tyranny of a King with  an idea. It was a really radical idea that our rights come to us  directly from God, not from a King, and that governments were  instituted to protect those rights. It was a brandnew idea that our  rights are ours; that they are endowments from God, not consent from  some government.   Even today, after 246 years, our founding principles are just as  true. These values--like the rule of law, checks and balances,  federalism--they are critical to our Republic. We are strongest when we  follow them, and we are never weaker than when we stray from them.   We are also strong because of our Constitution. Our Constitution-- forging a government of the people, by the people, for the people--is  the greatest governing document ever written.   The primary purpose of our government is to secure people's liberty  and happiness, their peace and prosperity, and we have done it really,  really well for nearly two-and-a-half centuries. This is incredibly  rare. We have created a bubble in world history. For most of human  history, people have worried that somebody bigger than them would come  and take their stuff or a foreign army would rampage across the  landscape, burning down everything--not here in America.   Another advantage of our system is that it unleashes the power of  individuals' unbounded potential. In America, it doesn't matter where  you start; with enough grit and hard work, you can go anywhere. That is  why the world wants to come here. That is why they send their best and  brightest students to study and train here. That is why nearly every  major innovation and breakthrough comes from America. That is why so  many have sought a better life in our great Nation. Through our  strength, we remain the cornerstone of global peace and prosperity.   Our greatness is also reflected in our commitment to defend freedom  here in this building, in our courts, and even on battlefields. It  requires much of us as patriots and citizens, and if we are not  vigilant, it could easily slip away. To paraphrase Ronald Reagan,  freedom is only one generation away from extinction. We don't pass it  on to our children in the bloodstream; it must be fought for each and  every day.   We must not lose sight of the things that make America so  exceptional. That is our commitment to our God-given liberties.   Our Founders were concerned that as government got too big, it would  tend toward tyranny and rob people of their freedoms. Here in the  Senate, if we continue allowing the Federal Government to grow too big  and too intrusive, we risk our peace and prosperity; we risk losing the  very values that have always made America great. However, if we hold on  to those founding principles, we have a path to an even brighter future  for this great Nation.   The Framers of our Constitution believed that government closest to  the people is best able to serve them. This is common sense. What works  in Nebraska may not work in New York. That is why we have the 10th  Amendment to the Constitution--that the powers not specifically  delegated to the Federal Government are reserved for the States and the  American people. That is why top-down Federal mandates usually do more  harm than good.   In my home State of Nebraska, we have shown America what is possible  when the Federal Government gets out of the way and allows States to  lead. We have proven that limited and responsive government works best.   During my time as Governor, we kept the size and scope of government  small. We empowered people. We ran government more like a business. The  reality is, when government works better, people are served better. We  dramatically improved the level of services that we provided to  Nebraska families. We got help to people in need faster than ever  before. For example, we reduced the on-hold time for people calling our  economic assistance phone line by 75 percent. We made it easier for  citizens and businesses to work with the State. As an example, we cut  the time it takes to issue a permit by nearly in half.   We achieved millions of dollars in savings while doing so. And do you  know what saving money allows you to do? It allows you to give back to  people their tax dollars in the form of tax relief. We provided  billions of dollars in tax relief, including to our veterans and our  seniors, by phasing out the taxes on their retirement income and Social  Security.   We attracted new investments and jobs for communities big and small.  We employed a record number of Nebraskans, and our unemployment rate  fell to a historic low.   We made government work better. We proved that we can do a better job  of providing services while controlling our costs. We also proved that  we can respect people's freedoms and liberties while keeping people  safe. During the pandemic, we kept kids in classrooms, people at their  jobs, and government open. And we were ranked the No. 1 best pandemic  response State.   All of this reflects our conservative Nebraska values. In Nebraska,  we respect people's freedom. We value strong communities, family, and  faith. We honor our law enforcement and our military. We expect a  limited, accountable government. We believe in personal accountability  and responsibility and the incredible potential of the individual.  Nebraska is what America is supposed to be.   But, nationally, we have strayed from these values. Too many take our  freedom for granted. Too many focus not on what is good but on their  grievances. Too often, we hear resentment rather than reverence for the  very principles that made this a great Nation. Too many have forgotten  the old adage that a government big enough to give you everything you  want is strong enough to take everything you have.   Massive and reckless spending to fund bigger programs has seriously  weakened our economy. Families and businesses are struggling under the  burden of high taxes, high inflation, and rising interest rates. A wave  of job-killing regulations from Washington is harming American  agriculture and industry.   At the same time, the Federal Government is failing in many of its  most basic responsibilities, like keeping us safe. Undeniably, national  security is paramount to the Nation's freedom and prosperity. It is the  Federal Government's most important responsibility, but the Biden  administration has turned a blind eye to the humanitarian and security  crisis at our southern border.   Vulnerable people are dying, victims of the cartels. Fentanyl and  other dangerous drugs are flooding into our Nation. So are suspects on  our terrorist watch list. And what comes across the border, whether it  is the drugs, the criminals, or the human trafficking victims, they  don't stay there. They impact every community. It is costing Americans  their lives.   Taryn Lee Griffin was a 24-year-old mom of two when she died in  Lincoln, NB, of a drug overdose. She was out with friends when she took  a pill she thought was a prescription drug. It was laced with a lethal  dose of fentanyl. Her mom, Liz, said: Our daughter is everyone's  daughter. She is right.   Our sons and daughters, our friends and neighbors, they are paying  the price for this crisis with their lives every day. It is shameful  and unacceptable.   This administration's incompetence on the southern border is matched  by  [[Page S1025]]  its foreign policy blunders. The disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan  projected weakness to our friends and adversaries, and American  servicemembers lost their lives, including Nebraskan Cpl Daegan Page.   Unbelievably, we left Americans behind and abandoned our Afghani  security partners. Our allies are seriously questioning our commitment  to our friends.   And, even worse, the bad guys, our adversaries--like the Chinese  Communist Party, regimes in Russia, Iran, and North Korea--they are  questioning our resolve.   Our freedoms and way of life depend upon peace. How do we maintain  peace? We maintain peace through strength.   Not for the first time in our history, we find ourselves at a pivotal  moment, facing what Ronald Reagan termed ``a time of choosing.'' I  believe the choice is clear. We must chart a path to greater freedom  and strength. We must remain the world's beacon of peace and  prosperity.   It requires us to get back to basics, back to our founding values.  Those values have guided me as Governor, and they will guide me here.  As Governor, we spent 8 years delivering on excellence.   I didn't believe the naysayers back then when I started, and I don't  believe them now.   Government can work better, and it can do so while respecting our  liberties. That is the goal I will work toward each and every day. I  will strive to make the Federal Government work better for the people  of this country. I will reject every effort to restrict our liberties  and undermine our values.   I will work to restore transparency and faith in the Federal  Government, and I will work to control spending, curb unnecessary  regulation, and limit the size and scope of government. I will work to  secure our borders and provide the resources to defend ourselves  against our enemies. I will work to assure that we have a well-trained,  well-led, and well-equipped military to defend us.   I will hold this administration and future administrations  accountable to the people of Nebraska, and I will always fight for the  best interests and freedoms of the Nebraskans I serve.   In spite of the challenges we face, I believe there has never been a  better time to be an American. However, many don't feel this way. We  must make the American dream real for them.   Throughout history, we have risen to meet every challenge. With our  founding values as our guide, we will again rise to meet the challenge  of this moment.   My experience in the Senate so far has reaffirmed my faith that we  have more in common than divides us. With that joy and faith in our  Nation, I ask God to continue to bless the great State of Nebraska and  the United States of America.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise today to fight a blatant land  grab by the Federal Government.   My colleagues and I support the Senator from West Virginia's  resolution disapproving of the waters of the United States rule. This  rule would change the definition of ``navigable  [[Page S1032]]  waters'' to include things like roadside ditches, puddles on  construction sites, farm ponds.   Think about that. President Biden's EPA and Army Corps of Engineers  apparently believe that drainage ditches, construction site puddles,  and farm ponds are navigable waters. To say this statement defies all  common sense is an understatement. Quite frankly, it is embarrassing.   I am from Nebraska. I get it. I am from a land-locked State. But, to  me, ``navigable'' means you can put a boat on a body of water and go  somewhere. But you don't have to take my word for it. We have the  Merriam-Webster definition of ``navigable'' right here, and it says:  ``deep enough and wide enough to afford passage to ships.''   If you put a boat on a roadside ditch, you are not going anywhere. If  you put a boat on a puddle on a construction site, you are not going  anywhere. If you put a boat on a pond, you are just going around the  pond. You are not going anywhere besides that.   To Nebraska farmers and ranchers, this is just dumb. Beyond that, the  Biden administration is trying to change the law without coming to  Congress. The 1972 Clean Water Act said ``navigable waters'' 50 times.  Congress's intent could not have been more clear.   As a legislative branch, we must protect our authority. The Biden  administration is trying to subvert our laws, and it must be stopped.  If allowed to stand, this rule would increase costs and uncertainty for  producers, property owners, and small businesses.   President Biden and liberal bureaucrats have absolutely no business  regulating this, and I think the President knows it. You know why I  think the President knows it? Well, because President Biden's EPA and  Army Corps of Engineers quietly finalized this rule on the last working  day of the year, just before New Year's Eve. It seems like the  President and his cronies hoped that no one would notice.   Well, guess what. We noticed. Nebraska's farmers and ranchers  noticed. My Senate colleagues and I noticed, and we are pushing back  hard. And, today, my colleagues and I are defending private property  rights from this unconstitutional power grab. Today, we are sending a  message to President Biden that our farmers and ranchers need relief,  not regulation. Today, we are fulfilling our responsibility to provide  oversight and accountability in response to Executive overreach. Today,  we are defending the authority of the legislative branch.   When I was Governor, I repeatedly opposed President Obama's efforts  to expand the waters of the United States rule. As Senator, I strongly  oppose President Biden's attempt to do the same.   I want to again thank Senator Capito for her leadership on this  issue. I am proud to have joined a bipartisan effort today to vote to  rescind this unconstitutional rule. I hope President Biden will choose  to sign this commonsense resolution as he did the DC crime bill. He  agreed with a bipartisan group of Senators then, and he should do the  same now.   I yield the floor.   