 Mr. President, families and businesses across the country  are worried about the safety and stability of our banking system.   Two weeks ago, Silicon Valley Bank--a bank that many people had never  heard of--rocketed from relative obscurity to infamy when it suddenly  and unexpectedly collapsed. The bank, which reported $212 billion in  assets last quarter, is now known as the biggest bank failure since the  2008 financial crisis. It is the second largest bank failure in  American history.   The American people quickly learned that Silicon Valley Bank had made  some pretty risky investment decisions. When interest rates were low,  it purchased long-term Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities.  As the Federal Reserve raised interest rates to fight record inflation,  the value of those investments tumbled. SVB attempted to stop the  bleeding by selling $21 billion worth of assets at a loss of nearly $2  billion. Well, it didn't take long for this entire house of cards to  come tumbling down. When customers  [[Page S894]]  learned about its financial troubles, it caused a run on deposits. And,  of course, no bank can withstand a run on its deposits where people  demand to get paid back immediately when many of the investments that  were made are longer term investments.    Shortly after the Silicon Valley Bank implosion, Signature Bank, a  regional bank in New York, collapsed as well. And, now, major banks  have pledged to help rescue First Republic Bank from potentially  succumbing to the same fate. My assumption is this isn't done out of  the goodness of their hearts; but they realize if this contagion  continues to spread across the country, it could imperil our entire  economy.   Given the potential implications of this situation, the  administration and Federal regulators quickly jumped into damage- control mode. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, otherwise  known as FDIC, quickly announced that depositors at Silicon Valley Bank  and Signature Bank would have full access to their funds, even above  the insured deposits.   Of course, under existing law, FDIC insures deposits only up to  $250,000; but FDIC quickly announced that that cap on insurance would  be lifted.   President Biden also attempted to assure the American people that the  banking system was safe. Secretary Yellen did the same. In a speech  yesterday, she said the U.S. banking system ``remains sound.'' But the  truth of the matter is that it is impossible to make guarantees when  you are dealing with something as uncertain as human behavior and the  wildfire-like spread of information across social media and elsewhere  where people can, with a click of their phones, withdraw all their  deposits from an institution. So while these are hopeful statements by  the President and Secretary Yellen, it doesn't guarantee anything.   The health of the banking system doesn't just depend on objective  measures of financial health, but also on public perception and public  confidence. Even a bank with a rock-solid financial ground wouldn't be  able to withstand a run on deposits. That is not how the banking system  is designed to operate. They have to keep a certain amount of reserves  so they can respond quickly to a demand for deposits, but no bank is  prepared to pay all depositors 100 percent of what they have deposited  on demand.   Fears of contagion are very real in the banking industry, which is  why everyone is eager to understand what went wrong. When it comes to  Silicon Valley Bank, which as one of my constituents described it, he  said: Oh, that is Mark Zuckerberg's bank. Of course, it was guaranteed  deposits above the insured amount.   We need to make sure there is not cherry-picking when it comes to the  policies that apply here, lest people think there is a double standard.  For example, if you were a bank in Midland, TX, lending primarily to  the oil and gas industry, do you think the FDIC and the Biden  administration would step up and guarantee those deposits above the  $250,000 mark? Well, that is an unanswered question, but there  shouldn't be a double standard.   The problem really is, it looks like there were multiple points of  failure at Silicon Valley Bank. First is with the bank's management.  Making these long-term investments in the face of rising interest rates  because of the Federal Reserve's efforts to combat inflation, it is  clear they failed to adjust their investment strategy to take into  account the depreciation of the value of those longer term bonds. They  either didn't recognize the impact that rates had on its assets or they  simply were negligent or willfully ignored the reality. I am not sure  what it was, but none of it was good. Given the fact that the bank was  without a chief risk officer for more than a year, it seems clear that  risk management was not Silicon Valley Bank's top priority.   In addition to the bank's failures, there were also major regulatory  failures. Reports indicate that the Federal Reserve raised concerns  about Silicon Valley Bank's risk management multiple times over the  past few years. The first red flag was raised in January of 2019, more  than 4 years ago. Once that happens, the Fed is supposed to monitor the  bank and ensure these problems are being addressed. We simply don't  have information to confirm whether or not that happened; but based on  where things stand now, it seems like it did not happen.   While SVB executives and regulators carry some of the blame for the  current banking system chaos, we cannot ignore the role played by the  administration and by some of the policies that have been promoted by  our colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle. As our country  battled the pandemic and the ensuing economic crisis, our Democratic  colleagues alone, without any Republican votes, appropriated about 2.6  trillion more dollars, using a budget resolution that did not require  any Republican votes. It wasn't a bipartisan effort. This was strictly  a spending spree by our Democratic colleagues under the benign headings  of the American Rescue Plan and the Inflation Reduction Act--$2.6  trillion. That was like gasoline on the inflation fire.   Republicans warned our colleagues that this kind of spending would  lead to more problems than solutions. There were a lot of warnings  about what impact this kind of spending would have after dealing with  the COVID crisis, what the impact would be on the economy, particularly  with constrained supply chains and a smaller workforce. Putting that  kind of financial stimulus into our economy was guaranteed to fan the  flames of inflation.   Well, as I said, the first round was a $1.9 trillion so-called  American Rescue Plan, which our colleagues tried to brand as pandemic  relief. But as the American people learned, less than 10 percent of  that legislation was even remotely related to the pandemic, and the  rest was exactly the type of things you would expect to see in a bill  that was supported only by our Democratic colleagues--everything from  funding for climate justice to backdoor money for Planned Parenthood.   Leading economists warned at the time that this was not a recipe for  economic recovery. Even Larry Summers cautioned that that package could  ``set off inflationary pressures of a kind we have not seen in a  generation.''   Still, our colleagues couldn't be convinced to change course, show a  little self-restraint, a little bit of prudence, a little bit of  caution. They abused the rules of the Senate to pass the partisan  spending bill that, again, only depended on Democratic votes. And, lo  and behold, this is where we landed.   Our country has experienced inflation at a level we have not seen in  40 years. Prices have skyrocketed for gas, groceries, housing, and just  about everything else. For some reason, our colleagues did not connect  the dots between this reckless spending spree and the growing strain on  our economy or its impact on the price of groceries or the price at the  pump you pay for gasoline or diesel. So rather than tap the brakes,  they opted to put the pedal to the metal.    Well, the second bill was even more absurdly named the Inflation  Reduction Act, which all the outside studies showed would not reduce  inflation any time in the near term. Our colleagues wanted the American  people to forget the fact that unchecked spending would help usher in  this terrible inflationary pressure. And somehow, counterintuitively,  they seemed to think that even more spending would solve the problem.   Our colleagues' solution to inflation included handouts for wealthy  people buying electric vehicles. Why in the world would you pay rich  people to buy an electric vehicle when most working families couldn't  afford one? They are handing out tax subsidies to rich people. And then  there was the $80 billion supersizing of the IRS so it can squeeze  every penny possible from working middle-class families and small  businesses. You know this, to me, is just malpractice.   We had the new IRS Commissioner in front of the Finance Committee,  and we said, you know, when can we expect your plan on how to spend the  $80 billion and this plan to hire 87,000 new IRS agents? And he said:  Oh, it is coming.   But our Democratic friends got it backward. Instead of saying: Here  is the plan and how much does it cost to implement the plan, they said:  Here is the money, you come up with a plan. Only in Washington, DC,  does the world operate that way.   But between those two bills, our colleagues spent roughly $2.6  trillion on a partisan spending spree, just as some  [[Page S895]]  economists, including Democratic economists like Larry Summers--just  like they predicted, these bills did nothing to reduce inflation; they  made it worse.   Of course, we know that the Federal Reserve has the responsibility to  try to address inflation; and one of their few tools is to raise  interest rates, to slow the economy down to increase unemployment in  order to bring that inflation down.   Higher borrowing costs slow down the economy and curb demand, but  they also--it requires the United States to pay our bondholders who  purchase our debt even more money for the debt we incur--now roughly  around a trillion dollars in interest on a $31 trillion national debt.   So over the last year, in order to combat inflation, the Federal  Reserve has hiked interest rates nine times--nine times. We have  witnessed the fastest series of rate increases since the early 1980s,  but it still hasn't been enough to cool the red-hot inflation  contributed to by our colleagues' reckless spending.   While I appreciate the administration's effort to stop the contagion  from spreading, I would like to see our colleagues acknowledge the  circumstances that led us here. Despite warnings that trillions of  dollars in spending would lead to record inflation, our colleagues  seemed to just run through that red light anyway. As a result, this is  something that, to be blunt, they own. It has driven up the cost of  everything from basic expenses, like groceries and electricity.   Then, of course, there are the subsequent interest rate hikes which  have made it more expensive to buy a house or borrow money to buy a  car, for example, or to finance your small business. That is a direct  result of the inflationary pressures caused by excessive Washington  spending. Again, it is like pouring gasoline on the fire.   Now we know this same inflation has contributed to the failure of  banks like Silicon Valley Bank. Admittedly, it is due, in part, to the  mismanagement by the bank and the lack of appropriate supervision by  regulators, but the reason why Silicon Valley Bank got in trouble in  the first place is because the value of their Treasury bonds where they  had invested some of their reserves kept going down because it is  inversely proportionate to interest rates.   Democrats kicked off an economic crisis, and now everybody is paying  the price. I would like to know, as they look back on it now, whether  they think it was worth it?   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   