 Madam President, I rise to speak to the amendments that  we are considering on the effort to repeal the 1991 and 2002  authorization for the use of military force.   As I have previously said, I welcome a broader discussion on the 2001  authorization for the use of military force, but that is not before us  today.   Following repeal of the 1991 and 2002 AUMF, I hope that we can engage  in what will likely be a robust debate about what authorities the  administration does need and what the scope, potentially, of a  replacement AUMF would be, but as yet we have not had that substantive  discussion, and I don't believe it would be wise to repeal the 2001  AUMF without engaging in that debate first, without having a hearing to  understand what is the authority the administration needs to continue  to protect America.   The details matter here. We just finished a hearing at the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee with the Secretary of State. He testified  before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that the 2001 AUMF is  still a vital authority that is being relied on. So we may disagree  with how the 2001 AUMF has been maybe stretched by other executive  branches and concerned as to how we will continue to use it, but an  outright repeal, with nothing to replace it--nothing to replace it--is  not a sound response that ensures our military has what it needs to  execute missions of defense of U.S. interests.   So I support a debate to replace the 2001 AUMF and to develop what  should be the specifics of that replacement. But absent a framework to  replace it with a new authority, how do we repeal it outright and leave  the country naked? So I urge my colleagues to oppose the Paul  amendment.I want to speak to Senator Graham's amendment.   I share and appreciate Senator Graham's concern about the Iranian  regime. Indeed, he and I have worked very closely on the issue of  Iranian threats. I have spent the better part of my career addressing  Iranian threats--its nuclear program, its support for global terrorism,  its destabilizing its neighborhood through proxies and interference,  and the threat that it poses to its own citizens. Yet the question  before us is not whether Iran poses a threat to U.S. interests but  whether the 2002 AUMF is necessary to counter those threats and if  there is already sufficient legal authority to respond to any such  threat. And the answer is pretty clear.   The President is clear in his view--one shared by every recent  administration--that he has sufficient authority under article II to  defend U.S. interests and personnel against Iranian-backed militias.  Indeed, the administration has actually taken military action a number  of times to protect and defend our personnel against attacks from these  groups and to deter future attacks.   The fact is, the 2002 AUMF that we have been debating is superfluous  to today's military efforts in the Middle East. The administration has  the authorities it needs to address Iranian threats to our people and  our interests.   Now, I thought this debate was about ending the authorization for use  of force that already exists, that no longer needs to exist, and that  should be closed. Just as Congress has the power and the responsibility  to declare and to give the authorization for use of military force, it  should also end it. That is what this discussion is about. That is what  this debate is about. That is what these votes are about--not to create  a new authorization for force. That is what Senator Graham's amendment  would do. I think that would be a lot more robust debate as to how and  when and in what way we would give such authority.   So I would urge my colleagues--as someone who has fought for the  better part of these 25 years against Iran, I would take a back seat to  no one as it relates to that fight--to, in fact, oppose that amendment.   With that, I yield the floor.   