 Mr. President, Congress and our Nation have no more  solemn duty than the one we owe to our veterans. They have given their  blood, their sweat, and their tears for our great country. They have  fought on battlefields only to come home and face new battles, like  difficulty accessing healthcare and challenges in transitioning to  civilian life. A lot of them face homelessness, PTSD, and, of course,  we hear it all the time, in our various congressional offices, about  bureaucratic redtape at the Veterans' Administration.   I have long engaged in Veterans' Administration oversight. The VA has  fought my efforts tooth and nail. I won't tire. Our veterans deserve  nothing less than making sure the VA delivers in an efficient way, and  particularly when we find things to be wrong there.   It is because of my oversight that I placed a hold on the nomination  of Tanya Bradsher to be Deputy Secretary at the VA. I urge my  colleagues to oppose the nomination as well. So I am here to tell you  why.   Records in my possession, as well as statements from VA  whistleblowers, show that Ms. Bradsher has failed to secure our  veterans' private and sensitive protected health information,  [[Page S2974]]  personally identifiable information, and whistleblower information.  Information also shows that she played a key role in the Veterans'  Administration obstruction of my investigation of VA corruption.   My Democratic colleagues rushed Ms. Bradsher's nomination through the  Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee without even investigating the  allegations that I brought to the committee's attention. Let's start  with one of these: the VA Integrated Enterprise Workflow Solution,  otherwise known by the acronym VIEWS. Records show that this system  exposes sensitive medical, health, and personal information of many  veterans, as well as whistleblower names and information. At least  1,900 Veterans Affairs employees have access to this system but without  the need to view this sensitive information.   Now, Ms. Bradsher has direct responsibility for that system as the  VA's Chief of Staff, her present position. Emails and screenshots from  VIEWS were supplied to me by whistleblowers. And most of my colleagues  know I get a lot of information from whistleblowers. These emails show  that these whistleblowers notified Ms. Bradsher's deputy last July--a  whole year ago--about these issues. One of these whistleblowers told  Ms. Bradsher's office she had been harassed and that she feared for her  safety.   To this day, Ms. Bradsher hasn't followed up or instructed anyone  else to follow up with these whistleblowers to make sure that their  concerns were addressed. Despite questions for the record asked by  Ranking Member Moran and Senator Blackburn, Ms. Bradsher has offered no  explanation whatsoever for why the specific personnel information  brought to her office's attention was not secured as it should be  secured. Instead, she pointed to a few feeble actions she says were  taken to address future correspondence, such as training on private  data.   This is unacceptable for a nominee who will be in charge of the VA's  effort to modernize our veterans' sensitive electronic health records  if she is confirmed. Ms. Bradsher was in the Chief of Staff position 16  months before whistleblowers notified her of the serious potential data  breach and now for a year after. That kind of inaction and negligence  is remarkable, even for the Veterans' Administration.   These flaws provide a back door enabling whistleblower retaliation  and potential identity fraud, and they must be fixed now, not ignored.  The matter was serious enough that the Office of Special Counsel last  August found ``substantial likelihood of wrongdoing'' in potential  violation of Federal privacy laws and ordered the Secretary to complete  an investigation within 60 days. The Veterans' Administration still  hasn't completed its investigation.   The Office of Special Counsel advised my office that the most serious  allegation relating to data privacy has already been confirmed. The  Veterans' Administration report to the Office of Special Counsel should  be issued by August 1, just days away.   We would fail our Nation's veterans and neglect our constitutional  duty to offer informed advice and consent on this nomination if we  allowed the nomination to go forward before we have those answers.  Also, how can any Member have an informed choice on this nominee if the  Veterans' Affairs Committee didn't even bother to interview the people  with relevant information on that matter?   Instead, rather than investigate, the majority actually circulated a  misleading memo to the committee members that was written by the  Veterans' Administration. It also slandered my office by claiming my  staff had these allegations but intentionally hid them from the  committee until the day before Ms. Bradsher's hearing.   This is not true. My staff provided the information to the committee  right away. The VA ought to quickly get with the program.   That brings me to my second point of opposition to this nominee.  Documents obtained under the Freedom of Information Act show that Ms.  Bradsher played a key role in the VA's failed response to my  investigation into VA corruption, which the VA has stonewalled for over  2 years.   We shouldn't continue to reward the Veterans' Administration and a  nominee for their inattention to congressional oversight. We shouldn't  confirm a nominee who represents business as usual and continued  inattention to Congress and our veterans. I urge my colleagues to vote  against this nomination until we get the answers to the American  people, as they deserve those answers.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   