 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this legislation, which  would prohibit the housing of illegal immigrants on Federal lands. I  only wish it was not necessary.   Unfortunately, thanks to the open borders policies of the Biden  administration, America's public lands are now in danger of being  converted into public flophouses for foreign migrants. Here we are.   In an effort to house the exploding number of foreigners illegally  flooding into our country, the Biden administration is already allowing  the construction of an encampment at the Floyd Bennett Field in  Brooklyn's Gateway National Recreation Area.   They even waived NEPA, the National Environmental Policy Act, to  permit it. You do not see any of the environmental groups raising a  ruckus like they normally do when productive companies in the United  States of America want to do something with natural resources. Where is  the Sierra Club? Where is the National Resources Defense Council? Where  is the Center For Biological Diversity when NEPA is being flouted once  again?   What is next? Illegal alien Bidenvilles on The National Mall here  right in Washington, D.C.? Makeshift migrant towns on the rim of the  Grand Canyon? Maybe they are going to the Apostle Islands National  Lakeshore in my district to build encampments there on Lake Superior.   As the President is fond of saying, this is no joke, folks.   For decades, we have worked together across party lines to protect  our iconic national parks, pristine wildlife refuges, and resource-rich  national forests and rangelands. We have done so to conserve these  areas for the wise use and future enjoyment of the American people.   We can do that again by passing this bill and ensuring that the  public lands we all cherish are not transformed into squatting grounds  for a never-ending stampede of migrants.   I will close with this. On January 20, 2021, the first day that  President Biden was in office, he closed down energy independence in  America by shutting down the Keystone pipeline, and he opened up the  pipeline down to Panama to be able to bring millions of illegal  immigrants into America.   It is amazing to me to watch my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle as they twist themselves into pretzels as we advance bill after  bill, including the Floyd Bennett bill here, and they are in complete  denial. ``Hey, America, everything is just fine.'' It is not.   Mr. Chair, I support this bill, and I urge a ``yes'' vote.   