 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to celebrate a historic  milestone for this body and for our country. Last week, as many people  know, we confirmed the 150th Federal judge nominated by President Biden  and the 100th woman nominated to the Federal Bench, all in just the  first 3 years of the Biden Presidency.   More women have been confirmed to the Federal Bench under President  Biden than under any President in the history of our country in their  first term. It is a testament to the seriousness with which President  Biden and Senate Democrats have taken to not only our role in  strengthening the Federal judiciary with highly qualified candidates,  but to do so while building the Federal Bench to better reflect the  diverse nation that it serves.   Today, I want to take a moment to recognize three women recently  confirmed by the Senate who I am confident will now serve with  distinction.   First, last week, the Senate confirmed Judge Kenly Kiya Kato to serve  on the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.  Judge Kato was born and raised in Los Angeles. She earned her  undergraduate degree from UCLA and her J.D. from Harvard Law School.   One of her earliest jobs out of law school was in the Central  District Federal Public Defender's Office, where she represented  hundreds of clients at the district and circuit court level, helping to  realize the constitutional right to counsel regardless of income.   After nearly two decades of work in California, in 2014, she was  appointed to be Federal magistrate judge.   As the daughter of Japanese-Americans who were interned during World  War II, Judge Kato understands personally the importance of equal  justice under the law. Time and again, she has demonstrated her  commitment to equal justice as a magistrate judge--a commitment I am  confident she will now continue on the U.S. District Court for the  Central District.   Last week, we also confirmed Monica Ramirez Almadani to the U.S.  District Court for the Central District. Born in Los Angeles as the  proud daughter of immigrants from Mexico, Ms. Ramirez Almadani is a  product of the Los Angeles Unified School District. She went on to earn  her A.B. from Harvard University and her J.D. from Stanford Law School.   From the ACLU's Immigrants' Rights Project to the Immigrants Rights  Clinic at the U.C. Irvine School of Law, from the California Department  of Justice to the U.S. Department of Justice, throughout her career,  she has gathered extensive experience across a wide spectrum of civil  and criminal law.   Since 2021, she served as president and CEO of Public Counsel, the  largest provider of pro bono legal services in the country.   Whether defending low-income immigrant clients or in her capacity  representing the U.S. Government at the Department of Justice, she has  consistently demonstrated an unwavering commitment to the rule of law.   And now I am confident that she will serve the people of the Central  District of the U.S. District Court with distinction.   Finally, I celebrate Monday's confirmation of Judge Ana de Alba to  the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.   The daughter of immigrants from Mexico, Judge de Alba grew up in a  family of farmworkers. A first-generation high school graduate, she  went on to earn her bachelor's degree and her J.D. from the University  of California Berkeley.  [[Page S5521]]    After graduating, she built a successful career in private practice  in the Central Valley where she focused on complex commercial  litigation and maintains a robust pro bono practice. She also went on  to establish a workers' rights clinic for low-wage workers to learn  their rights and to seek legal advice.   In 2018, Judge de Alba was appointed to serve as a superior court  judge for Fresno County, where she served until 2022.   I was proud to come to the floor in June of last year to urge my  colleagues to confirm her nomination to the U.S. District Court for the  Eastern District of California, which we did on a bipartisan basis.   In the time since then, Judge de Alba has more than proven herself to  be a qualified jurist, and she is exactly the public servant Americans  deserve on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.   Mr. President, every Member of this body accepts a considerable  responsibility when we enter office to advise and ultimately recommend  to the President nominees who will make up our Federal judiciary. As a  former ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, no one took  that responsibility more seriously than our late colleague Senator  Feinstein. I had the great fortune of working alongside Senator  Feinstein to recommend to President Biden some of the nominees that we  confirmed this past week. And today, these three women, these nominees  that round out the 150th confirmation of the Biden Presidency, are just  as much her accomplishments as they are ours.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   