 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1296 and ask that  it be reported by number.    Mr. President, I rise to speak about the need to protect  the Senate's constitutional authority to advise and consent on  Presidential nominations.   With his appointment of multiple acting officials to perform senior  roles that would, otherwise, require confirmation by this body,  President Biden is deliberately circumventing the Senate and the  nomination process. In some instances, these are vacancies of President  Biden's own making. He has routinely nominated individuals with no  relevant experience to key safety positions. When threatened with the  rejection of these unqualified nominees, President Biden simply  withdraws their names from consideration and, instead, installs them in  Senate-confirmed positions in an acting capacity. Julie Su's tenure as  the head of the Department of Labor is a notable example. The recently  reported elevation of Laura Daniel-Davis to Acting Deputy Secretary at  the Department of the Interior is another.   But I speak today about yet another case of this gamesmanship at a  key safety Agency where a rejected nominee has been given the reins-- the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration or NHTSA. Earlier  this year, President Biden nominated Ann Carlson to be the  administrator of NHTSA. She is an environmental law professor who has  written for decades about how unelected bureaucrats should make major  changes to American society in the name of combating global warming.  But NHTSA is a safety Agency whose mission it is to make American roads  safer. It is not the EPA, and Ms. Carlson has zero road-safety  experience.   It was immediately obvious to many, including myself, that she was  not qualified for this position. And in the face of opposition from  every Republican on the Commerce Committee and dozens of stakeholders  because of her lack of experience, the President withdrew Ms. Carlson's  nomination just 2 months after he submitted it.   President Biden could have followed his withdrawal of Ms. Carlson's  nomination with the appointment of a qualified individual to lead  NHTSA. He did just that with the FAA only last month, and that nominee  was confirmed. But, instead, President Biden turned around and  appointed Ms. Carlson to the same position in an acting capacity in  July.   Promptly thereafter, she led the charge to effectively mandate  expensive electric vehicles by proposing standards that stretched the  Agency's authority far beyond what the law allows. And, as my committee  has uncovered, Ms. Carlson has been involved in helping a for-profit  law firm file dozens of nuisance suits across the country to try to  bankrupt American energy companies. Then, when it was pointed out how  she used her position and law students to help, she tried to cover it  up.   The stakes here are significant. Big government mandates for EVs  threaten to make our Nation less secure, as we rely on supplies  controlled by China;  [[Page S5246]]  less productive, as autoworkers fear for their jobs; less competitive,  as automakers seek to stay afloat after unprofitable investments--Ford  is losing a whopping $36,000 on every single EV sold--and less  prosperous, as families pay more for cars they don't actually want or,  even worse, see their tax dollars spent on yet more bailouts.   Congress must have a role in these kinds of far-reaching policies and  the officials who implement them. The appointments clause of the  Constitution is a critical check on Executive power. The Senate must  protect its prerogative to review the President's nominees to powerful,  unelected positions in the Federal Government.   Some important protections already exist in law. The ``Vacancies  Act'' sets rules for how a President may temporarily fill posts with  acting officials. One of the restrictions it imposes is that a person  may not serve as an acting official once the President submits his or  her nomination to the Senate for the same position. This rule protects  the Senate's constitutional role. It applies to Ms. Carlson's withdrawn  nomination, and the limited exceptions to the rule do not allow her to  serve as the acting head of NHTSA.    This bill would enforce our advice-and-consent authority.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   