 Madam President, last week, I came here to speak to my  colleagues about the Biden administration and the FBI playing games  with the American people by hiding the FBI-generated 1023 document from  Congress and the American people. Director Wray was going to be held in  contempt for refusing to produce the 1023 that I told Chairman Comer  about, and I think I had that first conversation with Chairman Comer  about 3 weeks ago. Then, instead of contempt, the FBI committed to  showing the 1023 and related documents to the whole Congress.   By the way, I thank Chairman Comer for his cooperation with me and  for how he has pursued this issue, because we know a heck of a lot more  now than if he had not been involved in this whole effort.   So the FBI showed--after the FBI committed to showing this document-- but didn't provide possession of that 1023 to the House Oversight  Committee last week.   By the way, 1023 is unclassified, so why shouldn't the entire country  know about what is in this 1023? As the public knows, that 1023  involves an alleged bribery scheme between then-Vice President Biden,  Hunter Biden, and a foreign national--the same allegations Chairman  Comer and I made public on May 3 of this year.   On the very same day that the FBI provided a redacted version of the  1023 to the House Oversight Committee, the Justice Department then  announced that former President Trump had been indicted and charged  with 37 crimes relating to his alleged mishandling of classified  records.   Attorney General Garland signed off on prosecuting Trump for conduct  similar to what Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton engaged in. Two standards  of justice in this country will turn our constitutional Republic upside  down. Thanks to the political infection within the Biden Justice  Department and the FBI, we are well along the road for that to happen.   This Senator will do all that he can to fight that political  infection in the Department of Justice and the FBI. You fight it, then,  by bringing transparency to what this government does. The public's  business ought to be public. Transparency brings accountability.   With respect to the 1023 shown to the House Oversight Committee, from  what I have been told by folks who have reviewed it, it is filled with  redactions. The document that Comer and I read had maybe two or three  half-inch redactions, not whole sentences redacted, as I am told the  document in the SCIF has. So Director Wray placed redactions on a  document that is already unclassified--as I have said before,  unclassified. More than that, the FBI made Congress review a redacted,  unclassified document in a classified facility. That goes to show you  the disrespect the FBI has for Congress.   During a previous time on the Senate floor, I think I told my fellow  Senators what was so unusual about an unclassified document being given  to the public when--I think it was on May 18 of this year--there was  leaked to the New York Times a classified document and even the name of  a confidential human source. So we are kind of in a strange situation  here when a classified document can be leaked to the New York Times,  but an unclassified document cannot be made public to 300 million  Americans if they are interested in reading it.   Accordingly, Congress still lacks a full and complete picture with  respect to what that document really says. That is why it is important  that the document be made public, without unnecessary redactions, for  the American people to see. Can you believe redacting an unclassified  document?   Now let me assist for the purposes of there being more transparency  on this subject.   The 1023 produced to that House committee redacted the reference that  the foreign national who allegedly bribed Joe and Hunter Biden  allegedly has audio recordings of his conversation with them--17 such  recordings. According to the 1023, the foreign national possesses 15  audio recordings of phone calls between him and Hunter Biden. According  to the 1023, the foreign national possesses two audio recordings of  phone calls between him and then-Vice President Joe Biden. These  recordings were allegedly kept as a sort of insurance policy for the  foreign national in case he got into a tight spot. The 1023 also  indicates that then-Vice President Joe Biden may have been involved in  Burisma's employing Hunter Biden.   So, as I have repeatedly asked since going public with the existence  of the 1023, what, if anything, has the Justice Department and FBI done  to investigate? The Justice Department and FBI must show their work.  They no longer deserve the benefit of the doubt.   It is clear that the Justice Department and FBI will use every  resource to investigate Candidate Trump, President Trump, and former  President Trump. Based on the facts known to the Congress and the  public, it is clear that the Justice Department and the FBI haven't  nearly had the same laser focus on the Biden family. Special Counsel  Jack Smith has used a recording against former President Trump. Well,  what is U.S. Attorney Weiss doing with respect to these alleged Joe and  Hunter Biden recordings that are apparently relevant to a high-stakes  bribery scheme?   Getting a full and complete 1023 is critical for the American people  to know and understand the true nature of the document and to hold the  Justice Department and the FBI accountable. It is also important for  asserting constitutional congressional oversight powers against an out- of-control executive branch that is obviously drunk with political  infection.  [[Page S2043]]    Remember, Congress has received 1023s in the past, and they have been  made public. So asking for this 1023 to be turned over to the American  people to read is not an unusual thing that goes on with 1023s.   Congress owes it to the American people and the brave and heroic  whistleblowers to continue to fight for transparency on this matter and  make this document public without unnecessary redactions.   I want everybody to remember that I have read the unredacted version  except for a couple or three half-inch redactions, I would say.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   