 Madam President, I am here on the floor to join my  colleagues in support of Israel, and we are willing to do more than  just speak those words. We are willing to do something about it-- something that, miraculously, the majority leader has been unwilling to  do since November 2, when the House passed a $14.3 billion bill to  provide aid to Israel.   And, for some reason, the only person who has the authority to bring  a bill like that to the floor to vote has refused to do so. It makes me  wonder why. Why in the world would the majority leader, who I know  supports Israel, refuse to bring a bill to the floor to provide that  aid? So far, it is almost 5 weeks since the House passed an  appropriations bill to do exactly that.   Well, it could be that he doesn't like the pay-for, that he doesn't  want us to quit adding to our national debt. But if that is the case,  he could suggest another offset or pay-for. He could have tried to  bring the bill to the floor and eliminate the pay-for that the House  provided.  [[Page S5796]]    Frankly, I think it makes plenty of sense to keep the House pay-for  in the bill so we don't add to our national debt, which is now about  100 percent of our economy. This last year alone, the United States  Government paid over $600 billion in interest to our bondholders who  own our national debt. And, apparently, the majority leader and our  Democratic colleagues want to add to that and not stop this march  toward bankruptcy or insolvency.   So here we had a vote. The majority leader brings a bill to the floor  to deal with Israel, Ukraine, the Indo-Pacific, and to provide more  money to pay for the current broken border policies by the Biden  administration.   You might wonder: Why would he bring that bill to the floor with  those four pieces, those four components, but yet refuse to bring a  bill to the floor to fund Israel?   You would think, well, at least it is a step in the direction he  apparently wants to go. But the truth is that he is holding this Israel  aid hostage to his desire to pass this other $106 billion  appropriations bill, this supplemental.   Now, don't get me wrong. Many of us support aid to Ukraine, but we  also are going to insist on policy solutions to help prevent and stop  and reverse what we see happening at our border, which is historically  catastrophic.   So this is really a very strange way of doing business. Here we are,  almost 5 weeks after the House passed an Israel aid bill. You would  think, well, the majority leader would say: Let's pass that and send it  to the President, and then we can focus on the rest of the bill that  was on the floor this afternoon--Ukraine, the Indo-Pacific, and the  border. But, apparently, he wants to use the support for the Israel aid  to build the vote for the larger bill, understanding that, while  support for Israel is virtually universal among both parties and in  both Houses, there are some divisions on the Ukraine aid or the terms  under which that aid is provided.   So it is clear to me that he is holding up aid for Israel in order to  achieve other objectives. That is his prerogative as majority leader,  but I have to ask to our pro-Israel supporters around the country  whether they think this is a legitimate leverage that could be used in  order to achieve a larger objective, or whether it would make more  sense, if you truly are a supporter of Israel, to go ahead and get this  to the President and to get that aid to Israel and then come back and  do the rest of what I know the majority leader wants to do.   So the other part of this--which is amazing to me--is we know the  Speaker passed the Israel aid because he knows he has concerns, and he  doesn't know if he has the votes in the House to pass the larger  package. So why would you not take up and pass the Israel aid as  opposed to send the House this larger $106 billion package when it is  unlikely that the Speaker is going to be able to pass that, at least  based on his experience. Doesn't that also delay aid to Israel even  more by packaging it with other items?   Frankly, it is mysterious to me why all this time--2 months after  Israel was attacked by Hamas, 5 weeks after the House has passed an  Israel aid bill--that, finally, here we are coming to the floor,  offering to take up and pass the Israel aid, and we are going to get an  objection from the Democratic side.   It is really mysterious to me. It is very puzzling. Why in the world  would our Democratic colleagues, if they truly support Israel, if they  truly want to fight--give Israel the tools they need to fight Hamas, a  terrorist organization, bought and paid for by Tehran--why in the world  would they object to it?   Well, Washington, DC, in many ways, is a parallel universe that is  very much unlike any of the rest of the country. What makes sense here,  inside the beltway, makes no sense to our constituents back home, and  this is just another example of that.   So I applaud my colleague from Kansas for taking the initiative here  and calling us together, and not just saying we support Israel but  actually being willing to do something about it.   That is another phenomenon here in Washington, DC. There are a lot of  people who say the right words, but, when it comes to actions, they are  missing in action.   So I thank my colleague from Kansas.   