 Mr. President, I would like to join the good Senator from  North Carolina as well as my colleagues in bringing Senate attention to  the President's fiscal year 2024 budget.   At the outset, I want to say I support a balanced budget amendment  and have done so since I first came to the Senate. I think that is  something that we need to pass. We need a balanced budget amendment.   But with that, I do want to comment on the Biden administration's  budget released last week, which goes in the wrong direction.   President Biden's $6.9 trillion proposal is full of the same tax-and- spend policies that do not balance a budget, do not help reduce  inflation, and instead they levy taxes on hard-working Americans and  spend money that we don't have.   In total, the budget proposes $4.7 trillion--let me repeat that, $4.7  trillion--in new taxes on the American people.   We need to get our fiscal house in order, and we do that by  controlling spending, not again raising taxes on hard-working  Americans. It is time that we come together to reduce our debt and  deficit and enact responsible policies that will reduce inflation and  lift the burden that our American taxpayers currently face.   The President's budget calls for increasing the corporate tax rate to  28 percent. This is higher than the average corporate tax rate in  Europe, which is currently 21.7 percent, and it is even higher than the  tax rate in China, if you can believe that, which is 25 percent.   This policy neglects the fact that tax increases like these are  ultimately passed through to consumers in terms  [[Page S790]]  of higher prices for goods and services. That is just the reality.   We know this because in 2021, the nonpartisan Joint Committee on  Taxation scored a similar corporate tax increase proposal and very  clearly came back and demonstrated that that tax increase would be  borne by hard-working taxpayers and certainly taxpayers making less  than the $400,000 per year that President Biden has talked about.   Because of this administration's past tax-and-spend policies, just  yesterday, the updated CPI--Consumer Price Index--indicated that prices  for goods and services in this country continue to rise.   We have seen historic levels of inflation, and a big part of  controlling and reducing that inflation is controlling and reducing  overall spending.   With the latest numbers, unless you have gotten at least a 15-percent  raise since the Biden administration took office, you have effectively  suffered a pay cut because the rate of inflation has gone up faster  than your rate of pay.   During the previous administration, we took a different approach,  cutting the top corporate rate from 35 percent to 21 percent. This  approach led to economic growth and businesses coming back to America,  and it also led to higher wages for American workers.   Of particular concern in my State of North Dakota are the proposed  tax increases on energy production, including oil, gas, and coal. In  fact, the Biden budget proposes to increase taxes by $31 billion on  fossil fuel companies.   What the budget fails to recognize is that these taxes are borne by  consumers in higher prices at the pump--when they pull up to the gas  station, higher prices at the pump, higher electric bills, and higher  costs when they go to the grocery stores. That is where they are  ultimately paid.   We need to produce more energy. We need to create incentives to  produce more energy in this country to bring down the cost of energy.  There is an energy component in almost every product that you can think  of, and we need to find ways to produce more energy to help increase  supply and reduce the cost of energy. That will help with inflation  across the board.   Furthermore, taxes like these only help oil-producing countries like  Russia, Iran, and Venezuela--countries that have far inferior  environmental standards to those here in the United States. That makes  no sense--no sense at all.   My colleagues and I worked with the last administration to put in  place policies that made our country not only energy independent but  energy dominant--energy dominant. More energy, more supply helped  reduce the cost of energy. That benefited consumers in their  pocketbook. It also created more jobs and increased the wages in the  jobs we have. That benefited the American worker.   Energy security is also a national security issue, making us less  dependent on our adversaries and helping our allies--helping our allies  so that they don't have to depend on energy from our adversaries. Look  at what is going on in Europe right now, with our support and Western  Europe's support for Ukraine at the same time Europe is looking to get  energy from Russia, a country which has invaded Ukraine. Yeah, that  makes no sense.   We need to return to policies that incentivize energy production in  this country, not tax the very energy producers that produce more  energy in this country with better environmental stewardship than  anywhere else in the world.   Also, on defense, the budget falls short on defense. While on paper  the budget proposes increased defense spending in 2024, it fails to  take into account the incredible inflation costs which have been  generated by this administration's tax-and-spend policies.   Our current threat, obviously, not only with what we see in Europe  but globally, we can only respond to with a position of strength-- strength. This budget would result in just the opposite--a smaller  Army, fewer Navy ships, fewer Air Force aircraft. We need to support  our men and women in uniform by providing them with the resources they  need to address the global threats posed by our adversaries.   In conclusion, the President's budget is the wrong proposal at the  wrong time. Congress must work to find savings, reduce our debt and  deficit, and responsibly fund our priorities without increasing taxes  on hard-working American taxpayers.   As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee and the ranking  member of the Ag Appropriations Subcommittee, I look forward to working  on the fiscal year 2024 appropriations bills and enacting commonsense  legislation that meets our country's needs while facing our fiscal  realities and working to get our debt and deficit under control.   With that, I yield the floor.   