 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 45,  introduced by my colleague, Mr. Good.   This resolution will block President Biden's illegal debt transfer  scheme.   Forcing those who either did not attend college, saved and sacrificed  to pay their way through school, or those who paid off their loans to  pay for someone else's debt is simply unfair.   Estimates show 570,000 of my constituents, nearly three-quarters of  my district, will not benefit from this giveaway. Yet, as taxpayers,  they will still be on the hook for over $3,500.   It will further fuel inflation but does nothing to address the rising  cost of college. Simply put, the President's illegal debt transfer is a  slap in the face to those who paid their bills or did not go to  college.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this  resolution.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 467, the HALT  Fentanyl Act.   A recent poll shows just 16 percent of Americans are satisfied with  how things are going in the United States.   Why?   Washington has largely ignored pressing issues in the past 2 years.  While the fentanyl epidemic may not grab headlines in the mainstream  media, it has lost the pulse of mainstream America, few issues are more  important.   Illicit fentanyl poisonings are now the number one cause of death  among Americans aged 18 to 49. Nearly every American knows a friend or  a relative who has struggled or even overdosed. I do.   Despite the crisis, Congress has continued to kick the can down the  road by temporarily extending the class-wide scheduling order. Each  time, law enforcement is left scrambling as we approach the deadline,  which would let many of the fentanyl-related substances become legal.   We must permanently give law enforcement the tools they need to keep  Americans safe. The HALT Fentanyl Act complements other solutions like  the recently passed Secure the Border Act, which will help properly  root out the flow of illicit drugs and limit supply.   Mr. Chair, I urge the bill's passage, which will represent another  step toward restoring the voice of the American people in the House.   