 Mr. President, a major item in the news last week was  that the senior Senator from Alabama, Senator Tuberville, released  holds on over 400 military promotions. As usual, media reports framed  the situation in much the same way as the Biden administration had.  Both the President and the press focused on the holds instead of the  policy the holds protested. They claimed my Senate colleague  manufactured a crisis. The truth is that it is the President's  political appointees who have been manufacturing the crisis from the  start.   Let's go back. In the summer of 2022, the Supreme Court handed down  its landmark Dobbs ruling. Almost immediately, the Under Secretary of  Defense for Personnel claimed the decision would have ``significant  implications . . . for the readiness of the force.'' The abortion  decision named ``Dobbs'' would have ``significant implications . . .  for the readiness of the force.'' Again, he claimed that the Supreme  Court's decision, which essentially returned abortion decisions to the  States, would have ``significant implications . . . for the readiness  of the force.''   Let's all agree that readiness is vital to our success. Military  readiness is  [[Page S5887]]  our No. 1 job. The United States faces the most dangerous national  security situation in decades. China's military strength is growing at  an alarming rate. Russia has brought war to Europe. Iran is actively  attacking our troops. North Korea continues to develop dangerous  weapons.   In the face of such a complicated web of threats, we must take  military preparation seriously. Our precarious situation makes it  irresponsible for anyone to fearmonger about readiness in order to  advance a political agenda. Yet that is what we must conclude the  President's appointees at DOJ have done.   They contend that the Dobbs decision hurts readiness, so, in  response, Republicans have repeatedly asked for proof that Dobbs harms  readiness. I have personally, as ranking member of the Armed Services  Committee, asked for proof that Dobbs harms readiness, and the  administration has refused to provide that evidence. In truth, that is  because the evidence does not exist. At this point, it is pretty clear  that Biden officials are avoiding the question because they do not like  the answer.   It is difficult not to see that the President, and not my colleague  from Alabama, is the one who precipitated the crisis.   To solve this imaginary emergency, the administration released what  they called the reproductive health policy. The creative title failed  to disguise what is a clear attempt to use taxpayer dollars illegally  for abortion, contrary to the Hyde amendment. Under the rule,  servicemembers are granted compensated time off, as well as monetary  reimbursement for travel costs incurred, to receive an abortion. This  policy violates popular opinion, and it violates the law.   Most Americans oppose late-term abortions, but a DOD official  begrudgingly admitted to me in testimony that the policy would  facilitate abortion at the very latest stages of pregnancy, in the  eighth or ninth month. The provision spends tax dollars to facilitate  abortions conducted mere days before a child's due date. That is just a  fact.   Again, the administration claims this policy is necessary to solve a  readiness problem created by Dobbs, but if Dobbs is such a threat, we  could have reasonably expected wide usage of the travel policy. Despite  the administration's stonewalling, I have obtained information  indicating that just 12 women during this entire time have taken  advantage of the reimbursement--just 12. Over 1 million Americans serve  in our Armed Forces, but 12--not 12,000, not 1,200, but 12--have so far  used this abortion travel reimbursement program. So the Biden  administration cannot provide proof that Dobbs created a crisis for  national defense.   We do have evidence that other administration priorities are harming  our Armed Forces. The U.S. military faces a recruiting challenge, but  the Biden administration is making it worse. The President has  instituted a woke diversity, equity, and inclusion bureaucracy at the  DOD which is souring servicemembers' views of the military. A survey of  Active Duty troops found that 7 in 10 are concerned about the  politicization of the military. That same percent said that  politicization would affect whether or not they would encourage their  children to enlist. We know that family ties are the No. 1 way we  recruit new servicemembers. When the Biden administration injects  politics into the Armed Forces, it weakens that recruiting channel, and  we see the results of that weakening.   In this year's national defense legislation, Republicans successfully  included a number of important provisions curbing that woke agenda;  but, regrettably, Democrats ended up blocking our efforts to end the  DOD's illegal abortion travel policy. We will continue in future  Congresses to resist that travel policy.   Last year's Dobbs decision was a monumental victory for the  Constitution, our country, and, most importantly, for the unborn. It  was the culmination of decades of dedicated work by pro-life groups,  and I salute them. These groups understood how the Framers built our  political process, and they patiently used their voices to advocate for  the unborn in our democratic system. They were rewarded for their  faithfulness that they exhibited during nearly 50 years under Roe.   During this time, the Biden administration has refused to play by the  rules, and they grasp at ways to circumvent the Supreme Court's ruling.  We intend to promote, in the next phase of our effort, a culture of  life and to refocus the Pentagon on its national defense mission. The  pro-life movement has always been a coalition of energetic volunteers,  resilient advocates, and elected officials, and we will continue to  work together to fight for the unborn.   And one final bit of very good news: Since the Dobbs decision was  announced in 2022, approximately 30,000 babies have been born who  would, otherwise, not have had an opportunity to experience life. That,  in essence, is what this fight has been about and what it will continue  to be about.   