 Madam Speaker, I rise today to introduce H.R. 1096, a  bill to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins  commemorating the 250th anniversary of the United States Marine Corps.   This is a particular honor for me as a Marine Corps veteran myself.  Serving as an infantry officer in the Iraq war, I was proud to lead  some of the best Americans I have ever met--brave, selfless, honorable  heroes who could have let others go in their place.   Indeed, marines are on watch tonight, standing on the ramparts of  freedom around the globe so that we all can sleep softly in our beds at  home.   The first time I remember meeting a marine was on my under-10 soccer  field in my hometown of Marblehead, Massachusetts. Marblehead has the  distinction of being the birthplace of Marine Corps Aviation because it  was back in 1912 that Lieutenant Alfred Cunningham took his first solo  flight out of Marblehead and became the first marine aviator.   A marine landed a Cobra helicopter on our soccer field, and I had  never seen something like this before. I remember walking around this  remarkable machine in awe. Then, I came up to the Marine Corps major  who was the pilot, and I looked up at him and said: Wow, you are lucky  to get to fly this every day. That Marine Corps major looked down at me  and said: I am not lucky, kid. I am good.   Indeed, marines know that nobody cares if you are lucky or not.  Marines make their own luck and have throughout history, being the  first to fight in every clime and place, in battles that defined our  Nation for two-and-a-half centuries: Belleau Wood in World War I, where  the marines earned our reputation as Devil Dogs; the beaches of  Guadalcanal and Iwo Jima in World War II; the Battle of Chosin  Reservoir in the Korean war; the grueling jungles of Vietnam; and, of  course, the Gulf wars, Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring  Freedom.   I will never forget the bravery of the young marines that I witnessed  at Abbey Gate during the final days of the Afghanistan withdrawal.  After 13 American heroes lost their lives, what happened next is the  definition of what it means to be a marine: Another platoon of marines  went right back out to continue the mission, saving hundreds more of  our Afghan allies.   Yet, the thing about the Marines is that we don't dwell on our  history. We charge forward. Under the leadership of now-retired General  Berger, the 38th Commandant of the Marine Corps, the force is  undertaking the most aggressive modernization plan of any service in  the last 50 years.   Force Design 2030 addresses everything from personnel to warships. It  shifts resources from armor, artillery, and manned aircraft to invest  in longer range missiles and unmanned aerial systems, better sensors  and surveillance on the battlefield, and developing and retaining new  cyber forces.   If we are to deter a war with China--and we must deter a war with  China--  [[Page H3190]]  this type of forward-thinking is essential across all the services, and  once again, the Marine Corps is setting the example and leading the  way.   The Marine Corps is, therefore, at an inflection point, so it is  particularly fitting that we have this opportunity to honor the  indomitable spirit of the corps while also looking forward to its  future.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my esteemed colleagues to support this  bill and to recognize the valor, bravery, and sacrifice of ``The Few,  The Proud, The Marines.''   Madam Speaker, I conclude with the final verse of ``The Marines'  Hymn''       If the Army and the Navy      Ever look on Heaven's scenes;      They will find the streets are guarded      By United States Marines.    Semper Fidelis.   