 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule which  provides consideration of legislation to protect women and girls in  athletics, and the resolution to curb the reckless anti-cop, pro-crime  policies being carried out by the D.C. Government.   I would be remiss to not point out the irony that my colleagues  across the aisle have twisted themselves into a knot trying to malign a  bill that seeks to protect a fair playing field for  [[Page H1777]]  women and girls, a historically marginalized group, but it is telling  about how far out of the mainstream some of these policies have become.   Ensuring that biological female athletes can compete fairly and  honestly with other biological female athletes is the epitome of common  sense. For the self-described party of science to ignore the biological  realities between men and women is convenient and willful ignorance.   What kind of message do we want to send to our young female athletes  who work hard putting in the time, sweat, and tears into their sport  only to find out that they lose a competition because the deck has been  knowingly and purposefully stacked against them?   It is just plain wrong.   Achieving notoriety and fairness in female sports has come a long way  over the last several decades in this country, but there is still a  very long way to go. This bill would take us a half century backwards.   Everyone should have a right to compete in sports, but it can't come  at a cost of trampling on the rights of women and girls to compete  fairly.   I am proud to support this legislation that protects the original  intent of Title IX: to prevent discrimination on the basis of sex.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation that  respects the realities of natural biology and protects fair  opportunities for women and girls to compete and to win.   Additionally, I would like to share my support for H.J. Res. 42. As a  member of the Committee on Oversight and Accountability, I was present  to question the leadership of the D.C. Council about the latest efforts  to vilify and defund the police.    It was shameful to see how the leadership of our  Nation's Capital shrugged their shoulders at the alarming spikes in  violent crime sweeping across the district. D.C. residents are fed up.  Visitors to our Nation's Capital are fed up.   Americans deserve to be safe, not subjected to repeat offenders  shooting up the Metro stop while they commute to work, as happened  earlier this year. Our police officers and first responders deserve to  be supported, not vilified. Where Congress can, under current law, it  should act to preserve law and order and prevent these reckless actions  from taking effect.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the rule, and I urge my colleagues to  do the same.   