 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I offer this amendment to simply add ``Air  Force Reserve'' in addition to ``Air National Guard'' to Mr. Bacon's  language that he secured in our National Defense Authorization Act that  directs the Secretary of the Air Force to not terminate fighter flying  missions until the Secretary submits a modernization plan to the Armed  Services Committee with options for replacement of aircraft with more  capable aircraft. This is important not to just my district at Whiteman  Air Force Base and the 442nd Fighter Wing but at several bases across  our great Nation.   As A-10s and other platforms are retired, we must ensure that our Air  Force Reserve and Air National Guard units have follow-on missions.  This amendment will help provide clarity to Congress and Reserve and  National Guard units on how the Air Force will modernize and replace  our fighter squadrons.   I think we all know that the world is changing. Our platforms are  changing. The A-10 is a very lethal aircraft, as we have seen for the  last 30 years.   The 442nd at Whiteman Air Force Base, the men and women there have  served proudly. I feel they and others deserve security in knowing that  a replacement is going to be there at Whiteman Air Force Base, that  they have some answers and security from the Secretary until those  final decisions of modernization are made.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of this amendment, I hope it gets  bipartisan support, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I am eager to hear what Ms. Frankel has to  say not related to this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for his hard work and  dedication in crafting this bipartisan NDAA.   This amendment is not intended to block in any way the modernization.  We know that the A-10 is the legacy aircraft. A lot of people love the  A-10, and it has performed well in battle. It has seen effective  lethality in several theatres of battle.   The people who operate out of the 442nd have a deep love of their  fighter mission. They have a deep passion for continuing that mission.  They know that new platforms are coming.   Whiteman Air Force Base is going to be home of the new B-21 stealth  bomber. There are going to be complementary aircraft and programs to  that. They know that. They know the world is changing and that the  pacing threat from Communist China has really changed how we view  warfare and deterrence. They get that.   We owe it to them, and they deserve a little security because it is  very easy for them to pick up now and leave and go into the private  sector. There is too much talent in the 442nd and other fighter  squadrons to not have that security. That is all we are asking for in  this amendment, Mr. Chairman, is a little security. We are asking for a  little appreciation and a little respect for the hardworking men and  women who have dedicated their lives in service to America.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   