 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment No. 6 to H.R.  5894.   My amendment would increase the health workforce account in the  underlying bill by $10 million. This increase is completely offset by a  decrease in funding for the National Institute of Nursing Research by  $19 million. While the National Institute of Nursing Research provides  funding for important research, the nursing workforce shortage is at a  critical point, Mr. Chair, and must be addressed immediately.   The increase in funding for the health workforce account is intended  to provide additional funding to Nurse Corps programs, which would  bring the total funding amount for this program to $102 million for  fiscal year 2024.   This critical HRSA workforce program provides scholarship and loan  repayment opportunities for nurses working in either a hospital or a  community-based setting located in a critical shortage facility.  Increasing scholarship and loan repayment opportunities will help  encourage nurses to serve at facilities that are facing nursing  shortages.   As we all know, there is a shortage of healthcare professionals  across our country, especially amongst the nursing workforce. The  nursing workforce shortage is especially felt in rural communities,  including those in my district.   This fact was recently reinforced when I visited the Guthrie Robert  Packer Hospital in Sayre last month. During this visit, I was able to  see the great work that the hospital was doing to incorporate new  technologies to combat some of this nursing shortage.   Nevertheless, the American people deserve this Congress to support  such a critical profession, and we must keep in mind that this  amendment, again, is fully offset and will aid in our efforts to  resolve the nursing shortage workforce that exists.   Nurses are the backbone of our hospitals and our healthcare in  general, Mr. Chair, and, again, we must support this crucial  profession.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, with all due respect to my colleague, this  amendment was developed and created with the assistance of the nursing  community from rural hospitals as well as more urban.   We have in our country a finite level of resources. We cannot  continue to do things the same way they have always been done. We need  to properly dedicate resources where they will deliver the most good  for the most people.   This bill, by reallocating and having such an offset, will improve,  enhance, and augment the nursing pipeline for the critical needs and  value that nurses bring to our hospitals, particularly in rural  communities.   We have a win-win. We have a reduction in the excessive spending that  takes place. This bill brings accountability, and it fortifies the all- important professional nursing pipeline now and for the next  generation.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   