 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, over the weekend, the southern border  crisis set a sobering new record. In the past year, CBP conducted more  border apprehensions than in any year on record. Officials reported  more than 2.4 million apprehensions since last October, and this number  doesn't even count the illegal entries that actually evaded  authorities.   Most alarmingly, this news isn't actually new. Last year was the  third straight year we set an all-time record for border apprehensions.  In other words, every year that President Biden has been in charge of  border security, his administration hasn't simply failed; it has failed  to a historic and catastrophic degree.   America has had functionally open borders for years. Along with  millions of illegal aliens, we have allowed Chinese fentanyl and other  lethal drugs to literally pour into our country and kill thousands of  Americans every year.   So the Democrats' border crisis isn't new. What is new is their  supposed desire to finally do something about it. Now that blue State  mayors and Governors are starting to feel the consequences of this  catastrophic policy failure, the Biden administration says it now wants  to take action. Of course, the administration mostly just wants to  throw money at the problem and at its friends in local government.  Apparently, the preferred response to a border crisis is a blue State  bailout.   Meanwhile, a particularly dangerous consequence of the President's  border crisis is making history of its own. In the past year, southern  border apprehensions of individuals on the terror watchlist broke an  alltime record, the record that was just set the year before.    Even President Biden's Department of Homeland Security has admitted  in its 2024 ``Homeland Threat Assessment'' that ``record encounters of  migrants arriving from a growing number of countries have complicated  border and immigration security.''   The American people have watched the Biden administration spend their  way into plenty of problems, but they haven't managed to spend their  way out of a single one yet.   Our country deserves real law enforcement and real borders. Border  security is national security. And on that front, the Senate has a lot  of work to do.   