 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would prohibit funding from being  used to carry out the actions described in Biden's October 31 fact  sheet regarding cracking down on so-called junk fees that we have heard  a lot about tonight.   Specifically, this amendment would prevent funding from being used to  implement the Department of Labor's controversial effort to crack down  on so-called junk fees in retirement investing that could easily result  and will result in higher fees and fewer investment options for  hardworking Americans.   Since the beginning of the Biden administration's whole-of-government  crusade against so-called junk fees, it has been clear that the  President and his officials are just targeting fees and practices that  go against their own subjective preferences.   The administration can't even define what a junk fee is. Maybe my  good friend on the left could define what a junk fee is.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I still didn't hear the definition of a junk  fee. You have a politician and bureaucrats in the Department of Labor  restricting what commissions brokers who are in a competitive business  can charge willing buyers.   Again, you have government that is trying to restrict commissions on  funds and annuities they can provide to savers.   Currently, this compensation practice is disclosed to investors and  enables brokers to charge less because of the additional compensation.  The White House fact sheet does not dispute that fees may actually  increase as a result of this rule.   This proposal is misguided and risks creating confusion in the  marketplace, unwarranted compliance expenses, and instability for  retirement plans, retirees, and savers.   Again, this is done voluntarily, depending on who you deal with. It  is a competitive business. You have politicians who have probably never  been in the workforce and bureaucrats trying to dictate what they do.   Don't take my word for it. Listen to the experts who serve in the  industry, who actually work in the industry. According to the American  Council of Life Insurers, a fiduciary-only regulation would shut off  access to important retirement tools and hurt the very people the  regulation intends to help.   The National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors is  concerned this proposal will have the effect of substantially reducing  consumer access to investment and will create a substantial advice gap  for potentially millions of individuals who need professional guidance  to understand and make investment decisions--  [[Page H5814]]  their own decisions, without government interference--on their  retirement accounts.   Mr. Chair, I urge passage of my amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chair, I close with the fact that my good friend from  the left points out one example. What about the millions of people who  are profitable, who choose to get into the stock market, who choose  their broker, who choose to pay the so-called junk fees that  politicians shouldn't get involved with, nor should the government get  involved with?   Mr. Chair, I urge passage of my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   