 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today in support of the  nomination of Matthew Maddox to be a U.S. district judge for the  District of Maryland, and I urge my Senate colleagues to confirm his  nomination.   I joined with Senator Van Hollen to recommend Judge Maddox to  President Biden. President Biden nominated Judge Maddox to this  position in March of this year in order to fill the vacancy created by  the retirement of Judge Paul Grimm in December of 2022.   Senator Van Hollen and I have worked to establish a judicial  selection committee in Maryland, including an open application process.  In particular, we sought out a highly qualified and diverse applicant  pool. Our committee interviewed several dozen applicants. Senator Van  Hollen and I then personally interviewed several finalists before  recommending names to the White House.   I strongly agree with President Biden's goal to nominate judges with  excellent legal credentials from diverse backgrounds from both  professional and demographic perspectives, and today we have such an  example of an excellent nominee from Maryland.   Judge Maddox was born and raised in Maryland and lives and works in  Baltimore. He graduated summa cum laude from Morgan State University,  an HBCU in Baltimore, in 1999, where he majored in philosophy and  religious studies and minored in psychology. After receiving his B.A.  degree, Judge Maddox was a Fulbright scholar and taught high school  through the Teach for America Program. Judge Maddox received his J.D.  degree from Yale Law School in 2011.   After working in private practice and serving in two judicial  clerkships, in 2015, Judge Maddox was appointed as an assistant U.S.  attorney in the District of Maryland. In this capacity, Judge Maddox  prosecuted a range of criminal cases and conducted trainings for law  enforcement on the topics of human trafficking and identity theft.   In 2020, Judge Maddox was selected to serve as Deputy Chief of the  Major Crimes Section in the Northern Division of the U.S. Attorney's  Office.   In February 2022, Judge Maddox was sworn in as a U.S. magistrate  judge and sits in Baltimore. Judge Maddox now presides over both  preliminary criminal proceedings and civil lawsuits by consent of the  parties.   Judge Maddox therefore also brings remarkable experience to this  position, having served as a Federal prosecutor for nearly a decade and  now having served as a magistrate judge for over a year and a half. If  confirmed and elevated from a magistrate judge to a district judge, he  would continue to serve in the same court where he now serves and has  practiced for many years.   The Judiciary Committee favorably reported Judge Maddox in a  bipartisan vote in September of this year, and the American Bar  Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary awarded Judge  Maddox a unanimously ``well qualified'' rating--its highest possible  rating.   I was delighted to recommend the nomination of Judge Maddox to  President Biden along with Senator Van Hollen. Judicial nominees must  meet the highest standards of integrity, competence, and temperament. I  am confident that Judge Maddox will safeguard the rights of all  Marylanders, uphold the Constitution and rule of law, and faithfully  follow the judicial oath to ``do equal right to the poor and to the  rich.'' Judge Maddox will serve the people of Maryland well if  confirmed for this lifetime appointment. Judge Maddox has strong legal  and judicial qualifications and has demonstrated a track record of  public service.   Let me conclude by saying I know that public service is a family  affair and sacrifice, so I particularly want to thank Judge Maddox's  family for sharing him with the people of Maryland in the interest of  public service.   Again, I urge my colleagues to support his confirmation.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I would ask consent that the vote  scheduled for 5:30 p.m. start immediately.   