 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I wanted to say a few words about the  $106 billion emergency foreign aid supplemental bill that may soon be  coming before us. And I should be clear that there are a number of  pieces of that bill that I strongly support, but in its present form, I  do not think it serves the interests of the American people. Let me say  a few words as to why.   First, while I strongly support Ukraine's valiant efforts to defend  itself against Putin's invasion and Israel's need to defend itself  against incoming rocket and missile attacks, I am deeply concerned that  this legislation has no investments to address the needs of working  families in the United States, 60 percent of whom are living paycheck  to paycheck.   So let us be clear: Yes, there are enormous emergencies abroad, but  there are also very serious emergencies in our own country, including  the crises we face in childcare, in primary healthcare, housing, and in  other needs. The American people do not want us to continue to ignore  these issues.   Secondly, at a time when Congress will likely soon pass a $900  billion Defense bill, this supplemental bill includes tens of billions  that should be covered as part of the base defense budget and handled  through normal appropriations, not allocated as emergency spending. We  can save tens of billions of dollars in this bill and dedicate that  money to some of the horrendous domestic crises that we face.    Thirdly, and maybe most importantly, at a time when some 16,000  Palestinians have been killed in the last 2 months--two-thirds of whom  are women and children--and tens of thousands more have been injured;  at a time when 1.8 million people, Palestinians, have been displaced  from their homes and are struggling every day, having been thrown out  of their homes--they don't know where they are going. They are  struggling to get food and water and medical supplies and fuel just to  survive. And I want you to think about what is going on with the  children. There are a lot of children in that country. What is going on  psychically, looking up at the sky: Is a bomb going to fall? Where am I  spending the night? How do I get food? That is what is going on there  right now; at a time when over 250 people have been killed in the West  Bank--I am not talking about Gaza, I am talking about the West Bank-- since October 7 and more than a thousand Palestinians have been driven  off of their land in the West Bank--no, in the midst of all of that, I  do not believe we should be appropriating over $10 billion for the  rightwing extremist Netanyahu government to continue its current  military approach.   What the Netanyahu government is doing is immoral. It is in violation  of international law. And the United States should not be complicit in  those actions.   We are all clear that Hamas--a corrupt terrorist organization--began  this war with their barbaric attack against Israel on October 7. Given  that reality, Israel has a right to defend itself. But it does not  have, in my view, the right to wage all-out war against innocent men,  women, and children--Palestinians--who had nothing to do with the Hamas  attack.   Therefore, I believe it is appropriate for us to support defense  systems that will protect Israeli citizens from incoming missile and  rocket attacks, but I believe that it would be irresponsible for us to  provide an additional $10.1 billion in unconditional military aid that  will allow the Netanyahu government to continue its current offensive  military approach.   That approach has included indiscriminate bombing that has killed, as  I mentioned before, 16,000 people, most of whom are civilians.   And I want to make this point. All of us, many of us--I hope most of  us--understand that what is going on in Ukraine is horrendous. Putin,  almost 2 years ago, attacked Ukraine. The result is massive  destruction. Hundreds of thousands of young Russian soldiers are dead.  Some 30,000 Ukrainian soldiers are dead. It is a disaster.   But, interestingly enough, according to the United Nations, about  10,000 civilians have been killed since Russia's unprovoked invasion in  February 2022. Ten thousand civilians have been killed in Ukraine in a  terrible war in almost 2 years. Fifteen thousand Palestinians have been  killed in the Gaza area in 2 months.   Israel's indiscriminate approach is, in my view, offensive to most  Americans. It is in violation of U.S. and international law, and it  undermines the prospects for lasting peace and security. Israel must  dramatically change its approach to minimize civilian harm and lay out  a wider political process that can secure lasting peace. And that must  include a guarantee that displaced Palestinians will have the absolute  right to return to their homes as Gaza rebuilds. It will include no  long-term occupation or blockade of Gaza, an end to the killings of  Palestinians in the West Bank, and a freeze on new settlements there,  and, perhaps most importantly, a commitment to broad peace talks to  advance a new two-state solution in the wake of this war.   The Biden administration has, appropriately--and I applaud them for  this--been trying to get the Israelis to be more targeted in their  approach, but there is little evidence that they have succeeded. Just  today--just today--airstrikes--Israeli airstrikes--hit two U.N. schools  housing displaced people--today, two U.N. schools housing displaced  Palestinians. More than 900 Palestinians have been killed since Friday.  Israeli evacuation orders are delivered with little notice to people  with  [[Page S5708]]  no electricity and limited communication services, most of whom have  already been displaced, have already been traumatized, and already lack  basic necessities. And even then, the bombing continues.   As we proceed on this supplemental bill--which has some very, very  important issues--count me in 100 percent for the humanitarian support  that we need, not only in Gaza but all over this world. Count me in for  that. Count me in for serious discussions about how we improve border  security. Count me in to help the people of Ukraine withstand Putin's  terrible invasion. But do not count me in to give another $10 billion  to a rightwing extremist government in Israel--by the way, whose Prime  Minister's, I guess, trial for corruption is continuing. Don't count me  in to support that $10 billion.   With that, I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   