 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment  which will stop the Federal land grab happening in my district by the  Fish and Wildlife Service.   My amendment will prohibit funds from being used to implement the  horrible, proposed rule to list the Texas kangaroo rat as endangered.   Under its proposed rule the Fish and Wildlife Service will designate  600,000 acres as critical habitat across five counties in my district.   This decision is a massive overreach by the Federal Government that  will simultaneously harm the farmers and ranchers in my district which,  by the way, is the number one ag district in the State, and it will  simultaneously crush the struggling oil and gas industry.   The State of Texas has long been committed to promoting and  protecting our wildlife and natural habitats through voluntary  conservation efforts that balance responsible stewardship and economic  development.   This horribly flawed rule proposal is a completely unnecessary action  from the Biden administration as the State of Texas has already taken  the initiative to preserve the Texas kangaroo rat.   Action has already been taken to address the conservation needs of  the species while accounting for the unique needs of landowners in  north Texas, which results in thousands of acres of land already being  utilized to conserve the species without punishing private citizens or  the ag and energy sectors.   Unfortunately, the always radical Biden administration decided to  ignore the ongoing efforts and impose unnecessary and aggressive  Federal interference. The Fish and Wildlife Services endangered listing  of the Texas kangaroo rat will have drastic ramifications on the  farming and ranching industry in Texas. If this proposed rule goes into  effect, agriculture producers in my district could be subject to civil  and criminal penalties handed out by radical Biden administration  officials who will stop at nothing to advance its Green New Deal  agenda, meaning farmers and ranchers could face up to 1 year  imprisonment and tens of thousands of dollars in fines for accidental  or even perceived injury of a Texas kangaroo rat or its habitat.   The Texas kangaroo rat can only thrive when there is sparse, short  grasses and small stubble which is exactly what our farmers and  ranchers provide when grazing cattle.   The farming and ranching industries are the backbone of our unique  Texas history, heritage, and economy. Unfortunately, the heavy hand of  the Federal bureaucracy, once again, is looking to destroy that.   If this proposed rule goes into effect, it will significantly  restrict the way our ranchers can use their land, setting a dangerous  precedent of Federal overreach into agriculture production that will  have far-reaching consequences for not only Texas but our entire  Nation.   The agriculture industry is already being hit with rising costs due  to the historic inflation caused by ``Bidenomics'', and this new rule  will only intensify these struggles.   Texas has a proud history of responsible land management and  conservation, and for any effort to succeed, it must be driven by local  communities rather than bureaucrats in Washington.   Madam Chair, I urge every Member in this body to support my  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, there are no better stewards of  the land and the animals in Texas than the farmers and ranchers in  Texas' 13th  [[Page H5331]]  Congressional District. We do not need the Federal Government telling  us how to accomplish this.   Madam Chair, I appreciate having the support of all of my colleagues,  I urge everyone to vote ``yes'' on the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   