 Mr. President, when the government shuts its doors, public  attention often falls on our national parks. This should be surprising  to no one. Year after year, whenever anyone does a survey, they  discover the most popular and least popular parks of the Federal  government. The answers tend to be the same.   As I recall, the least popular parks often focus on the IRS, for  understandable reasons. For similarly understandable reasons, the most  popular parks involve our National Park System. When the government  shuts down, a lot of attention turns to them, as it should. The stark  ``closed'' sign that barricades the entrance to our cherished parks is  more than just a sign of circumstances where it arises during a  shutdown. It is a palpable consequence of a government bereft of funds  and a dysfunctional process in Congress that leads to that moment.   This issue is close to the hearts of a lot of people in a lot of  parts of the country, but it is especially close to the hearts of  people in my home State of Utah. Every State in this great Union,  especially every State that is fortunate enough to be home to one or  more of our Nation's national parks, has to deal with some of these  issues in one way another.   To be clear, I abhor the notion of government shutdowns. They are  neither my wish nor my aspiration. However, as the close of fiscal year  2023 approaches, a government shutdown looms very large on our horizon.   Utah, like many States, finds its identity intertwined with its  magnificent landscapes and national parks. Zion, Bryce Canyon, Arches,  Canyonlands, Capitol Reef--these are not just names on a map; they are  proud symbols of our State, and local communities in many parts of Utah  depend on them and depend on the traffic that comes in and out of those  national parks. Visiting these parks isn't just about tourism; it is  about livelihoods, our families, and our economic lifeblood.   The grim reality is that our communities will bear the brunt if these  parks, in fact, close their gates due to a shutdown with no means to  recuperate the loss. With 2 days left, my frustration mounts knowing  the Department of the Interior has not updated its shutdown contingency  plan for national parks since 2017. How can the Biden administration  expect our communities to prepare without a blueprint for such  eventualities?   In my recent communication with Secretary Haaland, I emphasized that  numerous tools lie at her disposal to keep our parks functioning even  during a shutdown. Using the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act,  or FLREA, as it is known, to harness nonappropriated fee revenues for  essential park operations is a clear path and one that should be  pursued here. After all, these very same funds ensure many parks  remained open during the December 2018 to January 2019 shutdown. The  Department of the Interior should also designate as ``essential'' as  many park and land management employees as possible.   Yet it seems Interior would, instead, echo past mistakes, like those  made in 2013 under the Obama administration, bending to radical  environmental pressures and closing our parks under the pretense of  ``resource conservation.''   This is not just unfortunate; it is inexcusable. In fact, it is  deplorable, and it is completely avoidable. Because of such actions,  several States, including Utah, were forced to dig into their own  pockets to ensure their parks remained open in 2013, but when the  shutdown concluded, there was no repayment. States like Utah, New York,  Tennessee, South Dakota, Colorado, and Arizona were left holding the  bill.   Utah alone spent $1.6 million to keep our parks operational for just  about a week. Now, look, $1.6 million might seem like a drop in the  bucket in the vast sea of overall Federal spending, but for States like  Utah with a lot less money running through the State government than  runs through our government every single year and where elected  officials value prudent financial management to help keep their own  citizens in a good position, every single dollar matters.   So this is not something we should foist upon the States.   We know at the outset that people are going to continue to visit  national parks. There is no legitimate reason, knowing that they are  the single most popular feature of the Federal Government, arbitrarily  to decide at the outset that we are going to close those. In many  instances, they had to erect barriers to keep people out--sort of the  opposite of what you would expect to occur during a shutdown. So let's  keep them open.   We know, in any event, that any furloughed staff within the Park  Service will be repaid, along with the rest of the government workers,  once the shutdown ends. Knowing that, as we do, and knowing that these  States and their communities are so dependent, as they are, on revenue  related to visitors going to national parks and that those States,  being that dependent, are going to cover the tab, the Federal  Government shouldn't be in the position of riding on these States'  generosity, on their dependence on the national parks, simply by  saying: Yes, you know what, we are going to furlough these workers,  allow them to shut down, allow the States to run the parks at great  expense to those States, and then not pay them back.   No, this is unacceptable.   This is a pretty unique circumstance in which the risk of a free- rider action calls out for precautionary action on our part.   So my bill on this subject is very simple. It just mandates that the  Secretary of the Interior must repay States that spend their own funds  to maintain national parks in the event of a shutdown. It is about  responsibility, accountability, and most importantly, doing what is  right.   Our national parks must remain open, not just for the enjoyment of  our citizens but for the survival of the communities that are near them  and whose economies revolve around them.   To that end, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of S. 2972, which is at the desk; further, that  the bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I am disappointed that we weren't able to get  this done today. It is hard for me to conceive of a legitimate reason  sounding in public policy why we wouldn't want to make sure that we  hold harmless those States bold enough, brave  [[Page S4742]]  enough, conscientious enough to protect their own citizenry and  accessibility to national parks within their boundaries.   There are a lot of blessings that come from having these mighty five  national parks in the State of Utah. I love each and every one of them.  I can tell you, there are things about every one that are unique and  that I love. We are always told how lucky we are--and we, indeed, are-- to have these beautiful features in our State and to have national  parks.   It is insulting to the citizens of a State when the Federal  Government owns two-thirds of the land mass in our State. Most of that  land mass is, of course, not national parkland. Most of it doesn't even  look like national parkland. Most of it is not terribly remarkable one  way or another. When you add up all that land--and it is 67 percent of  the State of Utah--that means we can't tax that land; that means we  can't access that land except with a massive ``Mother may I?'' from the  Federal Government, which is very often far too difficult to get.   Because we can't collect property taxes on that land because of its  Federal ownership, that impoverishes our schools, impairing our ability  to fund everything from first responders, search and rescue, ambulance  services, schools--you name it, it is hard for us to fund. There are  counties in the State of Utah where the Federal Government owns 90-plus  percent of the land, which makes it almost impossible for us to  operate.   To add to all of this by saying, ``Oh, by the way, during a  government shutdown, we are going to shut down the single most popular  feature of the Federal Government, the only part the American people  really like right now, just because we can, and then we are going to  pay our own employees to not work for however many days or weeks the  government remains shut down--and, sure, we will let you run all of  that, States, if you are concerned about it, if your economy and your  people depend on it. But even though we will pay back our own  employees, we are not going to pay you back.''    This is wrong, and if this is how they are going to treat us, we need  to have a really long, hard, overdue discussion about the question, how  much land should the Federal Government own in any particular State?   At the time of statehood, there was an understanding made at least  implicitly, if not explicitly, in Utah's Enabling Act consistent with  language inserted into the enabling acts of nearly every State added  into the Union since the Louisiana Purchase. It was our understanding  that we, too, would have this opportunity to have unincorporated  Federal land within our State boundaries eventually sold. Most of it  would be sold if it were not dedicated to another Federal purpose. With  the sale of that land would come a percentage that would flow into a  trust fund dedicated for the benefit of the State's public education  system.   That language inserted into the enabling legislation of nearly every  State added since the Louisiana Purchase has been honored. It was  honored throughout the Southeast, throughout the Midwest. But they  stopped honoring it when they got to the Rocky Mountains. I am not sure  exactly why, but this is exactly the kind of reason why we need to have  this discussion.   We are told that we can't tax that land that impoverishes us, that  causes all kinds of other problems. They try to offset that through a  program called PILT, payment in lieu of taxes. They give the counties,  the taxing jurisdictions, pennies on every dollar for what they would  otherwise get.   But the lost tax revenue is just the beginning of the problem if we  are looking at property taxes. It is not just the lost tax revenue from  what they would get for taxing that land at the lowest greenbelt rate;  it is the lost economic activity that could and would otherwise apply  there if they didn't own so much land.   Look, think about this for a minute. If any private employer,  individual, or corporation owned more than--I don't know--5 or 10  percent of the land mass in your State, people would get nervous, and  understandably, justifiably so. We understandably fear the excessive  accumulation of power, whether it is economic or political, in the  hands of a few. Somebody who owns that much of any State's land has the  ability to determine that State's destiny.   It gets even worse if that landowner is not a corporation or a  nonprofit or an individual or a family but, instead, a sovereign  government that declares itself exempt from taxation and disallows the  people from doing anything on that land without its permission, growing  more penurious by the day in whom they allow onto the land and to do  what.   This conversation is long overdue, and it is situations like this  where the Senator from Washington tragically was unable, unwilling even  to allow these tiny crumbs to drop from the table of the large Federal  trough. This is wrong. Her arguments are indefensible, suggesting that  somehow anyone who doesn't vote for this continuing resolution,  negotiated in secret by exactly two Senators, that she knows darn well  can't pass--otherwise, they would be passing it right away. It can't  pass because it has deep flaws in it.   For her to blame those few of us who voted against it because of  those serious problems and the way it was written and the fact that we  are now being told that the leader is filling the tree, which means  that we are not going to have any effective opportunity even to amend  the bill--this is the same bill that was released to us about 30  minutes before we were called to vote on it, about 80 pages of dense  reading material that includes countless cross-references; takes at  least, I don't know, 48 hours even with trained staff, who are trained  to look through these things, to really understand what is in them.   Shame on all of us if we think this is a legitimate process, and  shame on this institution if it thinks it is OK to treat Western  States, where most of the land is Federal, this badly.   I will be back.   I yield the floor.   