 Mr. President, when Hamas gunmen stormed into towns and  kibbutzim in southern Israel and massacred over 1,000 Israeli  civilians--killing families, raping women, abducting babies, torturing  and beheading Jews--in the very state that was established after the  Holocaust to be their sanctuary, the overwhelming majority of Americans  were and still are united in our grief, outrage, and solidarity with  the Israeli people. For Jews, these events call to mind the  Einsatzgruppen SS, the Nazi death squads who hunted and massacred our  relatives across Eastern Europe 80 years ago.   The slaughter of Jews at such scale and with such cruelty reopened  deep Jewish wounds suffered throughout our history. Salt in those  wounds was the minimization and even celebration of this massacre by a  few, including a few in the United States who attempted to excuse such  atrocities as a righteous comeuppance for Israeli policies or the  inevitable consequence of Israel's very existence.   That moment required moral clarity. No matter one's objections to  Israeli policy or one's perspective on history, there is no  justification and can be no apology for the deliberate massacre and  torture and abduction of civilians. There is no excuse, there is no  context, historical or political, that mitigates the crime.   It is clear that under such circumstances, Israel has an obligation  to protect its citizens and a right to do so with force, and this, too,  requires moral clarity. No government could be expected to tolerate  such an attack and such a threat without taking decisive action to  defend itself and to bring the perpetrators to justice.   Mr. President, now 5 weeks since the October 7 massacre, Israel's  military response, which is substantially armed by the United States,  directly impacts the lives of millions of people, the future of the  Middle East, and America's national security, and it is therefore a  necessary subject of scrutiny by the U.S. Senate. So the Senate must  acknowledge that conditions for civilians in Gaza are catastrophic and  that this unfolding humanitarian catastrophe is both an immense tragedy  and a threat to our national security.   Hamas imbeds its military capabilities within Gaza's civilian  infrastructure. It hides behind and beneath Gaza's civilian population.  But the depraved tactics of Hamas do not relieve Israeli leaders of  their obligations to protect innocent life, nor should they harden our  hearts against the innocent people who live under their rule.   In 5 weeks, relentless airstrikes and the continuous use of massive  munitions in dense urban areas have killed thousands of civilians and  seriously wounded many thousands more, including many children.   In a territory half the size of DeKalb County, GA, tens of thousands  of homes have been destroyed or damaged beyond use, and more than 1\1/ 2\ million people have been displaced. Clean water, food, and medicine  are scarce, and the continued obstruction of aid necessary for  sanitation and healthcare will worsen suffering, disease, and death.  Small children are wasting from malnutrition and falling ill in  overcrowded shelters and makeshift camps. Imagine the desperation of  families with young children just trying to survive. And this, too,  requires moral clarity.   The extent of civilian death and suffering in Gaza is unnecessary, it  is a moral failure, and it should be unacceptable to the United States.   There is no doubt that to defeat the threat posed by Hamas, force is  required. With the use of force, no matter how judicious, facing an  enemy hiding behind civilians, there will be civilian casualties. But  restraint and the acceptance of some military risk out of concern for  innocent life are demonstrations of strength, even and especially when  confronting a brutal enemy like Hamas. Concern for the innocent,  especially when fighting an enemy unbound by any morality, demonstrates  the values for which the United States should stand and which Israel  proclaims--the same values meant to be the bedrock of our alliance.   An unmitigated humanitarian disaster in Gaza is not just a moral  failure, it undermines American national security; it heightens the  risk that the war might spread and draw American forces further into  combat.   It sows the seeds of hate and dims the prospects for a long-term  sustainable peace between Israelis and Palestinians. It gives fodder to  terrorists who would strike Americans and our allies abroad and at  home. It damages the credibility of the United States and our allies as  champions of a future defined by humanitarian values--the same values  at stake in Ukraine, where Russia would push dictatorship into Europe,  and in Asia, where China threatens the future of human freedom.   If, in 6 months, Gaza is rubble, with tens of thousands of civilians  dead and millions of desperate refugees, with no viable plan to govern  its ruins, that would be a disaster not just for all those killed and  wounded and immiserated, but also for Israel, for the region, and for  the United States.   The United States has stood with Israel since October 7 and still  does. The President powerfully condemned Hamas atrocities. He flew to  Israel while Israel was under fire. He rushed  [[Page S5533]]  supplies to the IDF and sent powerful military assets to deter Iran and  its proxies. Americans are working around the clock to secure the  release of hundreds of hostages. Nevertheless, requests by the United  States that the Israel leadership conduct a more targeted campaign,  that they permit and provide safe passage for aid essential to the  sustenance of innocent life, that they clearly define objectives, that  they prevent extrajudicial killings by extremists in the West Bank, and  that they present a credible plan for Gaza's future governance have  mostly been ignored.   I fervently want Israel to succeed, both in defeating the threat  posed by Hamas and as a historic effort to secure a safe homeland for  Jews. But I do not accept that the total deprivation of millions of  innocent civilians is necessary for Israel to secure its objectives or  in the national interest of the United States. And where the United  States is committing arms, funds, and support for those efforts, we  must guard our principles and our interests.   Mr. President, I urge Israel's political leaders to act with wisdom,  to listen to Israel's greatest friend and ally, the United States. Just  as I pray for the freedom of hostages taken so cruelly from their  families, as a pro-Israel Jewish American, I urge mercy for the  innocent civilians in Gaza.   I yield the floor.   