 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, pending before the U.S. Senate is the  nomination of Darrel Papillion, to be U.S. district judge for the  Eastern District of Louisiana. I want to say a word about this  nomination because it indicates a positive development in the Senate  Judiciary Committee, which the Acting President pro tempore and I share  membership in, and the fact that this is a bipartisan nomination.   On May 11, Darrel Papillion was voted out of committee by a vote of  15 to 6. Senators on the Republican side--Graham, Cornyn, Kennedy, and  Tillis--joined all committee Democrats in voting for this nominee. He  received the unanimous rating of ``well qualified'' from the American  Bar Association, and he has the obvious support of the two Louisiana  Senators--Cassidy and Kennedy--both of whom returned positive blue  slips, which is committee process, and both of whom are Republican.   Papillion had a B.A. from Louisiana State University and a J.D. from  LSU's Paul M. Hebert Law Center before clerking for Associate Justice  Catherine Kimball on the Louisiana Supreme Court.   He entered private practice in New Orleans where he specialized in  the defense of products liability actions. Since moving to Baton Rouge  in 1999, Papillion's main areas of practice have been personal injury  and wrongful death litigation. Papillion has tried at least 33 cases to  verdict, including more than a dozen jury trials. He has been a special  prosecutor for the East Baton Rouge District Attorney's Office and a  mediator for mediation cases in South Louisiana. He has served as a  special master in State court on three different occasions.   He is deeply involved in the Louisiana legal community in having  served as the president of both the Louisiana State Bar Association and  the Baton Rouge Bar Association. Let me repeat that--the president of  the Louisiana State Bar Association.   The committee received several letters of support from individuals  and organizations on his behalf: the former  [[Page S1779]]  President of the Louisiana State Bar Association, the former president  of the New Orleans Bar Association, six former opposing counsels, and  the treasurer of the New Orleans Chapter of the Federal Bar  Association.   The reason I read that in detail is that, if I went back home to  Illinois, like I did last week, and told people we are considering  judges before the Senate Judiciary Committee, which I chair, their  first reactions are, can't you find a judge that both Democrats and  Republicans agree on?   Here is one. He wouldn't be here before us today but for the fact  that the two Republican Senators from Louisiana reached an agreement  with the Biden White House for this man to have a lifetime appointment  to the Federal bench.   Now, in case that sounds like front page news, it happens, and it  happens more often than not. And the reason I come to the floor at this  moment is to make sure it is a matter of record.   During the Trump administration, Democrats approved what we call blue  slips for 120 nominees for Federal court. Some of those were with two  Democratic Senators, in a State like Illinois, but there was a level of  negotiation and cooperation. As the senior Senator from Illinois, I had  to sit down with the legal counsel from President Trump's White House  and put nominees on the table, saying: Here is one that we want, and  here is one that you want. I think we can agree on those two. Let's  move forward.   And we did it. That happened, as I said, over 120 times with  Democratic Senators working with the Trump White House. We filled all  of the vacancies of Illinois--virtually all of them--during the Trump  administration with that bipartisan agreement.   Today, we have another one, two Republican Senators with a Democratic  President. It happens. And for it to happen, you need two things: the  will for Members to move, to put nominees on the bench; and, secondly,  a person so qualified that both sides don't feel they will be  embarrassed by them. There are more judges and attorneys than there are  politicians, and, in this case, I think we found just that kind of  nominee.   Now, we have a lot more to go. There are roughly 87 pending vacancies  in the district courts across the Nation. Almost half of them are in  States with two Democratic Senators, and the other half in States with  at least one Republican, maybe two Republican Senators.   We are trying to reach a point where we have an agreement on this,  and I think we can do it. I could list some other Senators whom I am  working with on the Republican side to fill those vacancies as well. I  think that is what the American people are looking for--more evidence  that we are trying to find some common ground, despite the obvious  political differences in this Nation.   This is an issue that I think is timely, and I wanted to bring it to  the attention of the Senate and do it on the floor this afternoon.    Mr. President, today, the Senate will vote to confirm  Darrel James Papillion to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern  District of Louisiana. Born in Eunice, LA, Mr. Papillion received his  B.A. from Louisiana State University and his J.D. from LSU's Paul M.  Hebert Law Center. He then clerked for Associate Justice Catherine D.  Kimball of the Louisiana Supreme Court before entering private practice  at a law firm in New Orleans. In 1999, he moved to Baton Rouge, where  he has maintained a busy trial and litigation practice. He has  significant experience in both State and Federal court, and he has  tried over 30 cases to verdict, including more than a dozen jury  trials.   In addition to his legal practice, Mr. Papillion has served as a  special prosecutor for the East Baton Rouge District Attorney's Office,  as a mediator, and as a court-appointed special master in the  Nineteenth Judicial District Court in East Baton Rouge Parish. He has  also taught law school courses at both LSU and Southern University in  Baton Rouge. And he has served as president of both the Baton Rouge Bar  Association and the Louisiana State Bar Association. The American Bar  Association rated Mr. Papillion as unanimously ``well qualified'' to  serve on the Eastern District of Louisiana. He has the strong support  of both of his home State Senators--Mr. Cassidy and Mr. Kennedy--as  well as the Louisiana legal community.   During Mr. Papillion's confirmation hearing, Senator Kennedy called  him a ``lawyer's lawyer.'' I couldn't agree more. Mr. Papillion has  deep ties to Louisiana and decades of legal experience that will serve  him well on the Federal bench. I strongly support his nomination, and I  urge my colleagues to join me.    I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Fetterman), and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. Warner) are  necessarily absent.   