 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for yielding. A  lot of conservatives believe in conservation. For example, the Governor  of Florida, Ron DeSantis, has expanded the Everglades more than any  Governor in the history of the State because that is actual  conservation--instead of the nonsense being spewed by my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle.   When they say, oh, we do something. Let's just be clear to the  American people what doing something actually is. It is giving billions  of dollars of subsidies to your fat cat corporate cronies, enriching  them at the expense of hardworking American families. That is the  truth.   Madam Speaker, 90 percent of subsidies are going to billion-dollar  corporations and 80 percent of electronic vehicle subsidies are going  to people making well over $100,000. That is the actual truth of what  is going on.   Here today we are talking about several bills. We are dealing with  the fentanyl crisis, which my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  refuse to address by allowing our border to be wide open, exploited by  cartels, driving  [[Page H2518]]  fentanyl into our communities on the back of the Chinese, making money  doing so, and killing 72,000 Americans last year alone, including 5  children in Hays County where I live south of Austin. It is happening  every single day.   My colleagues don't care about securing the border. They want to hide  behind the fact that they say that fentanyl comes through ports of  entry. What they don't acknowledge is that there is no patrolling of  the border by Border Patrol because they are all processing human  beings being smuggled here for profit by dangerous cartels.   This bill is designed to take a step forward. It takes an important  step forward in ensuring that we are dealing with the fentanyl  precursors and that we are doing what we need to do to recognize how  deadly it is. The fact is, our colleagues don't want to actually secure  the border, which is where fentanyl pours across every single day.   On student loans--need we go any further than looking at the quotes  from Speaker Pelosi when she said: ``People think that the President of  the United States has the power for debt forgiveness. He does not. He  can postpone. He can delay. But he does not have that power. That has  to be an act of Congress.''   That was that grand MAGA extremist, Nancy Pelosi.   She also added: ``Suppose . . . your child just decided they, at this  time, [do] not want to go to college, but you're paying taxes to  forgive somebody else's obligations.'' She continued, ``You may not be  happy about that.''   Are American families supposed to be happy that they now must cover  the cost of someone else's education? Again, that great MAGA extremist  Nancy Pelosi.   The fact is, the American people understand that making other  Americans, plumbers or people who paid off their loans, pay off other  people's student loans is inherently un-American and inherently unfair.   One last message to my Republican colleagues, passing a CRA to die in  the Senate and die at the President's desk is not enough. We should  defund the student loan fiasco in the debt ceiling bill. Don't blink.   