 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the harmful CRA  resolution that would cause tens of millions of hard-working Americans  to see their monthly budgets get even further squeezed, making it  harder to pay their bills or afford basic necessities.   I rise to defend one of the largest efforts to close the racial  wealth gap in our Nation's history.   As we debate student debt relief, it would be remarkably tone deaf  for this body to spend an entire debate on the life-changing student  debt forgiveness plan without acknowledging who it is that is at the  decision-making table and who is not.   Most people consider this body, the U.S. Senate, as being  deliberative. Many Members take pride in this being the most  deliberative body in the world. While we may be deliberative, we are  clearly far from diverse--at least far from reflecting the diversity of  our great Nation.   Most Members of this body are decades removed from when they earned  their undergraduate degrees. And many are at least years, if not, years  and years removed from even having to sit down to plan how they would  pay for their kids' college education.   So before we even get into the merits of President Biden's plan to  uplift millions of hard-working Americans, I urge my colleagues to step  outside the Senate for a moment. Let's step outside the Senate and step  into the homes of working-class and middle-class families across the  country who see skyrocketing rates of tuition and wonder if college  just isn't for people like them anymore. Step into the family room of  parents praying that scholarships might make a college degree possible  for their children or talk to the student who is just as smart, just as  hard-working as anybody else but because of student loans and higher  interest rates, sees the door to higher education as closed to them.   We live in a nation where the dreams of too many are determined by  their parents' paycheck. And in 2023, that means working- and middle- class families--with a disproportionate burden on communities of color,  by the way--have to risk dangerous levels of debt just for a chance at  achieving their American dream.   I remember what it felt like filling out financial aid forms and  facing the brutal reality that when I was looking forward to attending  the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the cost of tuition alone  was bigger than my dad's W-2. I was only able to make it through  because of Pell grants, scholarships, work study, and, yes, student  loans, which took years to pay off.   So I know the real weight of student debt. And I also know what it is  like to start thinking ahead to prepare my own son's college education.   And as it turns out, President Biden's plan is not just good for  everybody; I mentioned earlier that it is a part of helping address the  racial wealth gap in America. One statistic alone, his plan would mean  almost half of Latino borrowers would see their entire debt forgiven.  That is not just liberating. That is a wise investment for all of us.   The increased relief for Pell grants that is part of the plan would  uplift communities of color and cut into the racial wealth gap in  America. Two more statistics that are worth noting: Almost 71 percent  of Black undergraduate borrowers and 65 percent of Latino students  receive this grant.   The President's plan will mean that a generation of students would be  able to begin their careers and build a life without the weight of  student debt holding them back.   In California alone, it would bring relief to over 3.5 million  eligible borrowers, an undeniable boost to our economy and to families  throughout the State.   Let me underscore something else about this CRA. It is not just about  what it threatens prospectively. If this program is overturned, if this  resolution were to pass, 43 million Federal student loan borrowers  would have to pay back months of payments and interest that had been  relieved, forcing Americans into delinquency or worse: default.   Republicans seem determined to prevent relief to tens of millions of  Americans, despite the fact that 90 percent of the relief would go to  those earning less than $75,000 a year.   In one fell swoop, it would cause unthinkable confusion and chaos for  Federal student loan borrowers and make clear that, once again,  Republicans view the American dream as a premium and higher education  as a luxury, only for the wealthiest, only for those who can afford it.   I refuse to accept that fate. I urge my colleagues to see the real  cost of today's CRA on working families. I assure you that the real  impact won't fall on the wealthy families. It will be the working  families of California and across the country whose lives will be  fundamentally altered should we fail them today.   I yield the floor.   