 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate and thank the gentleman from  Alabama for having this Special Order hour.   Mr. Speaker, we are here tonight to shed light on the fentanyl crisis  that continues ravaging communities nationwide. I must say, I am  infuriated when I think about this.   More than 100,000 Americans overdose each year, most dying from  fentanyl poisoning and fentanyl-laced drugs. It is estimated that China  is fully responsible for nearly all the illicit fentanyl in the United  States. Beijing has literally launched a chemical war on the United  States of America.   Instead of demanding accountability, the administration under Biden  continues promoting policies that actually increase our dependency on  China, the very nation working tirelessly to ensure our annihilation.   Wait, there is more. Not only do we know where the drug comes from,  but we know how it is getting into the country. About 90 percent of  fentanyl flows across and through our open southern border, the same  border that President Biden has gone out of his way to destroy and  erase.   Who is in control of our border now, bringing this poison into our  people? The Mexican drug cartels, that is who.   It only takes 1-16th of a teaspoon of fentanyl to kill a person, an  amount so minuscule that it can fit into Abraham Lincoln's ear on a  U.S. penny.   I am a healthcare provider, a dentist. I have done hospital dentistry  in my career. Fentanyl does not belong on the streets. It belongs in  the operating room.   Border Patrol has already seized enough fentanyl this fiscal year  alone to kill over 3.1 billion people. So ask yourselves, what kind of  President knows this information and continues to look the other way?   We are already witnessing a death toll equivalent to 9/11 every 15  days because of this deadly drug. How many more stories must we hear  from parents who are mourning a child who has overdosed on a  counterfeit pill that had fentanyl in it? How many more Americans must  die for this President to finally act?   Every single Member of Congress should be outraged by Joe Biden's  inaction and exacerbation of this horrible crisis. It truly is  despicable.   Mr. President, hold China accountable, secure our southern border,  and save American lives.   