 Mr. President, I rise today because we are living in a  nation besieged by gun violence.   So far this year, our Nation has experienced 630 mass shootings. This  is day No. 340 in the year 2023, so 340 days, 630 mass shootings. That  is nearly twice as many mass shootings as we have seen days. Our  precious children are afraid to go to school. They are worried that  their classroom may be the next Robb Elementary, Marjory Stoneman  Douglas, or Sandy Hook, as we remember that somber anniversary.   I heard one of my colleagues, the Senator from Wyoming, earlier today  say: They are trying to take our freedoms away. We have heard that a  lot from folks on the other side: They are trying to take our freedoms  away. It is a strange freedom that regularly sends our children into  lockdown. What kind of freedom is that?   According to the Gun Violence Archive, we have lost over 1,500  children to gun violence this year. I think that there is a kind of  unspoken assumption, as we have been pushing for commonsense gun safety  and have gotten very little movement in Congress--I think the unspoken  assumption is that this will not visit me; it will not happen to my  family. But when you consider that there have been 630 mass shootings  already this year, sadly, the chances are quite good that this could  visit any one of us.   We ought to do our work here in the Congress as if we are protecting  our own families because when we look out for other people's families,  when we look out for other people's children, we look out for our own,  and it could visit any one of us.   We act as if this is normal, business as usual. What legislative  action has the Senate passed to address this epidemic of gun violence?  The Senate actually voted to give less information--less information-- to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System.   Keep in mind that according to a 2023 FOX News poll, 87 percent of  Americans believe that we ought to have universal background checks.  Listen. Let me say that again. According to a FOX News poll, 87 percent  of Americans believe that we ought to have universal background checks.  So they present this as if it is an argument between Democrats and  Republicans. Really, it is an argument between Washington and craven  politicians and ordinary people every day who are just trying to live  their lives in safety.   There is a broadening gap between what Americans want and what they  can get from their government. So, at root, this is a democracy  problem. The question is, Who owns our democracy and at what cost to  our children and to our families? So we have a moral obligation not to  turn away.   Across the country, outside of Washington, there is widespread  agreement that Congress needs to enact commonsense--commonsense--gun  safety solutions. Eighty-seven percent of Americans believe that we  ought to have universal background checks.    Every day, I hear from Georgians who are sick and tired of losing  people they love to gun violence. As a pastor, I presided over the  funerals. And it begs me to ask, how is it that we can't keep our own  people alive? What kind of Nation tells its children that the only  thing we can do in the wake of this crisis is to teach you how to hide?   Last year, for the first time in 30 years, we were able to pass  modest but meaningful gun safety legislation, but it is not nearly  enough, and it took 30 years just to do that.   We are all set to go home later this month to spend a few weeks-- safely, I hope--with our loved ones. I encourage all of my colleagues  to reflect on this question: Are we going to let other people's loved  ones continue to die by the tens of thousands and let our babies get  killed in their classrooms for another 30 years before we choose to  act?   The time is always right to do what is right, Dr. King taught us, and  that time is now.   I yield the floor.   