 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment  introduced by my friend and colleague, the gentlelady from Virginia.   Virginia is blessed with beautiful coastlines. The Atlantic Coast and  Chesapeake Bay provide critical habitat to marine life and offer  numerous recreational opportunities to locals and tourists. Virginia's  coasts are also home to a growing source of clean, affordable, and  domestic energy thanks to ideal windspeeds, shallow waters, shipping  lanes free of overhead obstruction, and a talented workforce. Located  27 miles off the coast, the first two turbines in federal waters are  not visible from shore. The benefits they generate, however, are  increasingly being felt on shore as emissions are lowered and good,  family-sustaining jobs are created.   These exciting developments are in sharp contrast to what my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle have planned for our coastal  communities--an expansion of offshore drilling. We ought to learn from  the tragic mistakes of our past: Exxon Valdez in the Prince William  Sound, Santa Barbara off the coast of Southern California, and  Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf of Mexico.   Throughout my career, I have opposed attempts to open Virginia's  coastline to offshore drilling along with local communities, small  businesses, scientists, beachgoers, environmentalists, seafood lovers,  and people of faith. The Virginia Beach Restaurant Association, the  Virginia Beach Hotel Association, and the Virginia Restaurant, Lodging  and Travel Association all oppose offshore drilling along with Oceana,  the Sierra Club, Chesapeake Climate Action Network, Surfrider  Foundation, Virginia Interfaith Power & Light and so many others.  National security experts also warn that offshore drilling is  incompatible with military training in the region, not to mention the  incredible harm a spill would do to military facilities.   As sea levels in Norfolk and around the world continue to rise, any  expansion of highly polluting fossil fuel infrastructure is simply a  bad idea. Virginians are simply not willing to sacrifice the health of  our climate, marine life, local economies, or coastal ecosystems to  expand offshore drilling.   The growth of offshore wind in the region further underscores the  false choice being presented by my Republican colleagues. Virginians  are already enhancing our energy security by harnessing the power of  the wind. Thanks to the investments in the Inflation Reduction Act-- including provisions I introduced with Representatives Pascrell,  Norcross, Luria, and the late Congressman McEachin--the future of  offshore wind and domestic offshore wind manufacturing is bright.   Virginians have repeatedly stood together to protect our coasts and,  as this amendment demonstrates, we will continue to do so. I urge my  colleagues to protect Virginia's coasts by supporting this amendment.   