 Mr. President, well, here we are again. I am looking at  a floor where there is nobody on it. In fact, we haven't even taken a  vote today. It has been 7 weeks since our last government shutdown  face-off, and nobody is here.   Folks, we have very serious problems facing our country. We have an  open border. It is a humanitarian and security crisis. We have $34  trillion in debt. Let me put that in perspective. That is about  $256,000 for everybody in this country. And that is roughly the cost of  a second mortgage for people in Nebraska. So it is like you own your  own home, and now you have another home on top of that--only it is not  a home; it is your Federal debt. And, of course, we are facing another  government shutdown because we have not passed a budget.   When I was Governor of Nebraska, one of the things I told my team is  that passing a budget is our most important thing we do: We fund the  government. We would get involved 6 months before. We would give our  budget to the legislature to start working on that budget.   Now, let me tell you how it is supposed to work here in the U.S.  Senate. We are supposed to pass 12 appropriations bills. For the first  time in 5 years, the Senate Appropriations Committee indeed passed 12  appropriations bills before the August recess--first time in 5 years  before the August recess. Two came out June 22. The other 10 came out  in July.   And yet, for months, our leader sat on those appropriations bills. We  did not vote on them. We did nothing. We should have been amending,  debating, and voting on those bills, and we did nothing. And here we  are again, facing a government shutdown.   Now, it is a little different this time around because we have  actually voted on 3 of those 12 appropriations bills. They were crammed  together in what is called a minibus. And since that minibus has been  voted on and passed, we have done nothing again, which means we have  done 25 percent of our work--25 percent.   Now, to most people, 25 percent is a failing grade. Leading up to the  September 30 deadline to pass the budget,  [[Page S5498]]  our majority leader had kept us in recess 5 of 7 weeks. We, typically,  come in on Tuesday and leave on Thursday--or come in on Monday and  leave on Thursday.   Do you know what most people in my State do? They work Monday through  Friday. And when they have to get the job done, guess what they will  also do? They will work weekends.   The House, in October, canceled their State home period. We didn't.  The House has passed 7 of those 12 appropriations bills. Now, that is  only 58 percent, but that is still more than twice as many as we have  passed.   Why aren't we working? Why aren't we working on the people's business  here?   We should be in session every day to get our work done. So far this  year, we have voted 307 times--307. That is less than one a day. Only  35 percent of those votes have been on legislation. The other 65  percent have been on judicial candidates and nominations and so forth.   We can work harder. Our constituents work hard every day. Nebraskans  work hard every day. We need to be here working on the people's  business. I am ready to work each and every day until we pass these  appropriations bills. We should get all 12 of them passed. We should  work with the House to pass theirs, send them to the President, and it  all should be done before September 30. And yet here we are,  approaching November 17, and yet another deadline, another threatened  government shutdown, another continuing resolution. I am ready to work.  I know my colleagues are ready to work.   Mr. Leader, let us work. Call us together. Let us vote. Let's get the  people's business done. Let's pass a budget. We should have an open  government and a closed border. We need to control our spending and our  debt. These are serious issues. Please, let us work.   I yield back.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following intern from my office be granted floor privileges until  November 15, 2023: Kayla Fink.   