 Madam President, reserving the right to object. I will  continue my hold on unanimous consent for Department of Justice  nominations so long as I feel like the Department of Justice is being  used for politics instead of justice.   My arguments on this point have already been made, but I will repeat  them for the benefit of anybody who hasn't heard me before. From a  Catholic pro-life father of seven who was arrested in front of his  children like a common criminal for exercising his First Amendment  rights to parents who were investigated by the FBI for exercising their  First Amendment right to protest at a school board meeting to the  leader of the opposition and the likely challenger to President Joe  Biden, former President Trump, we have a Department of Justice that has  run amok with a focus on politics instead of on justice.   Now, my colleagues make some good points. I agree with my colleagues  that U.S. attorneys play an important role. I agree with my colleagues  that we need a Department of Justice that is fully staffed to do its  job. But I don't think the solution to the politicization of the  Department of Justice is to let these guys through on a glide path. I  think it is to provide proper consent, proper advisement, and proper  scrutiny of each one of these nominees which we can't let them do if we  allow them to sail through unanimous consent.   I will continue this hold, but let me just make one final point  before I allow my colleague to respond.   I am the new guy, and I recognize that I am a little naive when it  comes to matters of the procedures of the U.S. Senate. But I have had a  lot of jobs in my life; and yesterday we passed one vote and today we  have passed zero votes. The time that we have spent debating whether we  should have unanimous consent over these nominations, we could actually  use to vote on these nominations and end this charade and call it out  for what it is. If we believe that these nominees must go forward,  let's just have a vote on it. Allow me to scrutinize them. Allow my  colleagues to vote them up or down. That is a totally reasonable thing  to ask of this Chamber and to ask of this leadership; and because of  that, I object.    My position is that we should have a full Senate vote on  each one of these judicial nominations, of these Justice Department  nominations. My position is that we shouldn't let them sail through  with unanimous consent.    I would like a record vote for all Justice Department  nominations in moving forward, yes.    I don't know that, but I believe my colleague from  Illinois in that that is how it worked. What is different now, compared  to then, is that we have a Department of Justice that has been  weaponized against its political opponents.   I understand much of what you said, Senator Durbin, and I appreciate  your passion for this issue. My heart goes out to your friends who lost  somebody to fentanyl. I, too, know a lot of people who have lost a  loved one or a child to a fentanyl overdose.   But what will facilitate the effective administration of justice in  this country is for the American people to see the Department of  Justice as being focused on justice instead of politics. That is what  this is fundamentally about. Do we have a Department of Justice that  has the trust of the American people?   Senator Durbin, I don't think that any of my Democratic colleagues  could look at public polling and not admit that the Department of  Justice has lost a substantial amount of public confidence just in the  last year.   How can we have an effective administration of justice if we fill the  Department of Justice with people who are perceived, rightfully or not,  as political actors by the people who receive that justice?    OK.    I have two responses to that, Senator.   First of all, you appreciate as well as I do that we have had zero  votes today. I don't control how many people we vote on. In fact, I  believe you do under the Senate procedures and the Senate rules. If it  is so important to confirm these folks, bring them up to the floor for  a vote.    Yes. As the Senator from Illinois, I assume, knows well, I  am not the only person who is holding some of these nominations. I am  happy to grant consent to vote on the ones where I am the only hold,  but where I have other colleagues, I can't release the holds for other  colleagues.    Senator, I am here representing my colleagues. They  object. I am not going to release their holds on their behalf.    Senator Durbin, you know the Senate procedures better than  I do, and you could certainly bring these folks up for a vote later  today, and all of us would have to vote for them.   Why won't you do that?    Madam President, as the Senator knows well, my colleagues  have been given no notice, and they have no sense that this is being  done. I am not going to release their objections on their behalf as the  Senator from Illinois knows well. I am happy to release my own  objection, but I am not going to release theirs.   Therefore, I object on their behalf.    My apologies.   Will the Senator repeat that.    Senator Padilla, I would be happy to do that as I am the  only person holding 266. As I have said repeatedly, I want these  nominations to have a vote so as to be scrutinized by the full Senate,  and I am the only Senator holding 266, Ms. McGrath. I am happy to  release the hold there and have the--excuse me--not release the holds  on the unanimous consent request but certainly to bring this before the  full Senate for a vote.   