 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, so I don't know where we are headed in  terms of votes tonight, but let me tell you where we are headed in  terms of the bill before the Senate.   I understand Saddam is gone and the authorization to use military  force directed at him in 2002--it makes sense to me, quite frankly,  believe it or not, to revisit that, but what we need to make sure we do  is not leave our troops exposed that are in the fight today. This is  2023.   So Senator Schumer keeps talking about Bush lied, people died. Here  is what I would say to my Democratic colleagues and my Republican  colleagues: In the last 2 years, we have, I think, a little over 2,000  American forces in Iraq, there to make sure ISIS doesn't come back,  keep the place stable. After Obama pulled out of Iraq, the JV team  became the varsity. ISIS basically took over most of Syria, destroyed  Mosul, wiped out the Yazidi Community, raped, murdered, and pillaged,  and we finally regained control of Iraq. We put troops back in--they  should never have been taken out--and we need those troops to stay in  Iraq, make sure ISIS doesn't come back.   When they had a foothold in Raqqa, Syria, as well as Iraq, ISIS  directed attacks at the United States and our allies in Europe, and all  hell broke loose.   So what I would want the body to understand--in 2023, Americans are  serving in Iraq, and we owe it to them to  [[Page S899]]  make sure that we can use whatever military force necessary to protect  them against Shiite militias operating in Iraq at the direction of  Iran.   Fifty-six attacks against American forces in the last 2 years under  President Biden. They are trying to drive us out of Iraq. The Shiite  militias are operating all over the country. I appreciate the  partnership we have with the Government of Iraq, but we don't have a  status of forces agreement.   So I have an amendment that is very simple. It would replace the 2002  AUMF with the following: An authorization to use military force to  protect Americans stationed in Iraq against attacks by Shiite militias  in Iraq. That is an ongoing problem. Let's not expose our troops to  being attacked. Let's don't continue the narrative that we are pulling  out of the Middle East, because you do so at your own peril.   After the debacle in Afghanistan, everybody is wondering about  America's resolve. So to all the people who talk about repealing the  2002 AUMF because Saddam is gone, I actually understand that to a  point, but what I hope you will understand is that the way you have  written this, the people in Iraq today, the Americans serving, we don't  have their backs, and we owe it to them to have their backs.   We need to let the Iranian militias know, and others: If you attack  Americans in Iraq, we are coming after you.   And to those who say the AUMF needs to be repealed because it confers  too much power on a President, we need to take that authority back as  Congress, well, then, here is what I would say to you: Do we owe it to  those serving in Iraq to provide authority from Congress that we will  have your back if you are attacked by Shiite militias that are  operating in Iraq?   This is about Iraq. It is not about Iran.   And I can't believe this body would not support an authorization to  use military force to protect Americans stationed in Iraq who have been  attacked over 56 times in the last 2 years by Shiite militias operating  in Iraq.   If we do that, shame on us.   And to those who say: Well, the President has article II authority,  he can do this on his own--you can't have it both ways. Is the goal to  pull back power from the President, or is the goal to say the President  has whatever power he needs in Iraq?   What I want to do is be crystal clear. If the 2002 AUMF is repealed,  we have a hole in our defense. We do not have congressional response or  statement about what to do to protect over 2,000 Americans serving in  Iraq who have been attacked 56 times.   I have got a solution to that problem. If you repeal the 2002 AUMF,  let's replace it with one tailored to the situation involving American  forces being attacked by Shiite militias in Iraq, to be unequivocal to  the Shiite militias and others: You attack Americans at your own peril.   If we do not do that, you have tremendously exposed our troops. In  your effort to wind down one war, you have created a threat to those  who are fighting the war we are in now.   And if you think al-Qaida has been defeated, you think they are not a  threat to us and our partners in the Middle East, in Europe, you are  really not following the news.   General Kurilla, the CENTCOM commander, said last week that ISIS-K,  the ISIS organization in Afghanistan, has regenerated to the point,  within the next 6 months, they would have the ability to attack the  United States without warning.   And there are some amendments here to basically do away with the 2001  AUMF that dealt with the attack on our Nation.   So whatever political point you are trying to make about repealing  the 2002 AUMF, here is what I want you to understand: The way you are  doing it is putting American lives at risk in Iraq.   If you can't muster the courage--the Congress can't--to say to Shiite  militias: You attack our troops at your own peril, we have let those  serving down. And I am very, very intent, using my voice in the Senate,  to say that those who are in Iraq that have been attacked continuously  by Shiite militias, I recognize the threat you face, and I am willing  to do something about it.   Not to pass this amendment exposes those in theater, in Iraq, to  continual attack. It will embolden the Shiite militia because they  think we pulled the plug on the place. It will continue a narrative  that America is in retreat in the war on terrorism. It will make every  problem in Afghanistan worse. And we have a chance to do something  about it. Please take that opportunity.   If we pass this amendment, we can at least say the following: To  those in Iraq, we did not abandon you; we did not forget about you. We  said clearly as a Congress that we have your back, and we made an  unequivocal statement to the Shiite militias that are roaming around in  Iraq: You attack our people, we are coming after you.   And if we don't do that, we are sending a terrible message to our  enemies and we are letting those who are serving in Iraq down.   Iraq is moving toward democracy slowly but surely, inefficient, ugly  at times. But 20 years later, there have been elections in Iraq; we  have a government working with us that is surrounded in a very  dangerous neighborhood.    So to those who are wanting to repeal this AUMF, you have ignored a  major threat. You are creating a problem to troops in the field. I am  here to point it out to you, and I would love to work in a bipartisan  fashion to make sure that those who are left in Iraq, that are serving  there to make sure ISIS doesn't come back and to protect our interests  in Iraq, that they will have the voice of Congress behind them. There  will be an authorization to use military force to protect them against  Shiite militias, and it is very specific, in Iraq, who have had a  pattern of attacking our troops. And if we don't do this, we are  sending the worst possible signal to our enemies. We are letting our  troops down. And if there are further attacks, I told you so, because I  know it is coming.   Let's live in the real world. Al-Qaida is not defeated. ISIS is not  defeated. They have been dealt a punishing blow in certain places, but  if we take our eye off the ball, they are coming back here; and the  easiest targets of all are those Americans in Syria and Iraq who are on  the frontlines--a virtual wall between us and radical Islam that would  kill us all if they could. I think we owe it to those that we send to  Iraq--and the administration is right to keep them there. You are right  to keep that residual force in Iraq as an insurance policy against the  rise of ISIS, but you are wrong not having your voice lent to the cause  that an authorization to use military force against Shiite militias-- that needs to be the law of the land. We owe it to those in Iraq. It is  not a hypothetical problem--56 attacks in the last 2 years. And if we  pull the plug on the AUMF in Iraq without dealing with the Shiite  militia threat, we will send a horrible signal at the worst possible  time.   So I urge a ``yes'' vote for this amendment to replace the 2002 AUMF  with a specific authorization to use military force against Shiite  militias that are attacking Americans continuously in the last 2 years,  to protect those that are on the frontlines of this fight. I urge a  ``yes'' vote.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I would like to call up my amendment No.  14, and I ask that it be reported by number.    Colleagues, this is, to me, very important; I hope to  you.   There have been 56 attacks against soldiers stationed in Iraq--about  2,000--by Shiite militias in Iraq. I can understand repealing the AUMF  because Saddam is dead, but those in Iraq--American soldiers--are being  attacked routinely by Shiite militias in Iraq.   I am asking the Congress to tell the Shiite militias: You come after  our troops, we are coming after you.   Article II power exists nebulously. The strongest we can be as a  nation is when the Congress and the President speak with a single  voice. Speak with this voice to those who will kill Americans in Iraq:  Shiite militias, we are coming after you.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   