 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit mask mandates on  any form of public transit and at transportation hubs.   The COVID-19 pandemic robbed Americans of far too many individual  liberties. For 15 months, Americans were required by Federal law to  wear masks on all forms of public transportation across the country, on  planes, trains, buses, you name it, Mr. Chairman.   Americans were also required to wear a mask while going through  security and waiting at the airport, navigating a train station, or  waiting at a bus stop.   The government forced Americans to cover up.   The kicker is that multiple studies have shown that wearing masks had  an adverse effect on people. Wearing a mask does not actually have a  statistically significant effect on preventing the spread of COVID-19.  In fact, States without mask mandates, like my home State of South  Carolina, had lower death rates from COVID-19 than States with mask  mandates.   We also have seen, unfortunately, catastrophic impacts that these  mandates have on our children, worsening their communication and social  skills and delaying their cognitive development while increasing their  vulnerability and decreasing confidence.   My amendment does not prohibit any individual from wearing a mask on  public transportation should they choose to do so.   This amendment would safeguard the freedom of all Americans to make  important decisions for themselves, including whether or not to wear  that mask.   This amendment would put an end to Government overreach and protect  the freedoms that Americans have. Our Constitution expressly protects  those certain rights and liberties for individuals from government  interference. We must defend and protect the principles our Nation was  founded on and put a stop to extreme executive overreach mandates. This  is what this amendment is all about.   Mr. Chairman, also, this amendment previously passed the Senate I  think 1 week ago on a bipartisan basis, so I encourage Members of the  other side to support this.   We cannot allow policies and practices used during the pandemic to  continue for future generations endlessly. Americans are uniquely  independent and self-reliant. We as Congress should empower the  individual and not government. We should not put a nationwide mandate  on the American people again. Mask mandates only give more power to the  Federal Government and to the bureaucrats who run this town.   Let's get back to the basics. We the People demand it. I am committed  to standing up to this administration's infringement on any individual  liberties and working for the American people. Let's ensure that  Government overreach comes to an end. Individual freedoms must be  protected. It is as simple as that.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I am not sure what evidence-based things that  my colleague on the other side was talking about.   Was it the zero masks that were initially prescribed by Dr. Fauci?   Was it one mask?   Was it two?   Was it no mask while vaccinated?   South Carolina never imposed a statewide mask mandate, and I think  Congress could learn a thing or two from my home State.   Let's empower individuals to make that informed choice for themselves  instead of bogging them down with these burdensome regulations.   This amendment would simply prevent mask mandates from occurring on  airplanes, airports, trains, metros, subways, buses, train stations,  and more.   We know Americans have been frustrated by this and by the ever- changing guidance coming from this Federal Government. I am proud to  stand here today on behalf of these frustrated American citizens who do  not want a mask mandate in the future.   Again, Mr. Chairman, this passed in a bipartisan manner in the  Senate. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   