 Madam Speaker, I rise today to commend a faithful  public servant of this great institution on the occasion of her  retirement.   For decades, our very own Joyce Hamlett has worked in this Chamber,  dutifully upholding and protecting our traditions.   On behalf of House Democrats, it is a distinct privilege to publicly  honor her incredible career of service to the United States House of  Representatives, 35 years of poise, professionalism, and particularity.   In the early 1990s, after spending some time in the prior decade as a  cafeteria worker, elevator operator, and doorkeeper, Joyce secured a  position in Chamber security with the Sergeant at Arms, where she began  to firmly enforce the rules of decorum on the House floor, emphasis on  the word ``firmly.''   Upon arriving in Congress as a new Member, I quickly came to a  conclusion: Don't mess with Joyce. As House Democratic leader, I came  to the same conclusion: Don't mess with Joyce.    In connection with her exemplary service with Chamber security, Joyce  was elevated in 2007 to the position of Keeper of the Mace, as has been  mentioned, the first Black woman to hold that role in the 234-year  history of this great institution.   Joyce's career in the House has spanned seven different Presidents,  including Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama, as well as eight different  Speakers, beginning with Jim Wright, including Speaker Emerita Nancy  Pelosi, and concluding with Speaker Kevin McCarthy.   Throughout the years, Joyce has served in the Chamber with legendary  Members, from John Lewis, the iconic civil rights hero and conscience  of the Congress, to Don Young, the longest serving Republican Member of  the House and an authentic frontier spirit who always told us what was  on his mind.   The American public may not have the opportunity to intimately get to  know officers of the Capitol, like Joyce, who serve here each and every  day, but thankfully we do. We know our work would be impossible without  the diligence, dedication, and devotion of public servants like Joyce.   Her deep-rooted faith in God and her sense of duty were instilled  during her childhood while growing up in rural North Carolina, having  been raised in a God-fearing church community by her loving  grandfather. Joyce learned at an early age the importance of service  and faithfulness.   That faith has served the Members of this institution well throughout  the years, including on September 11, when she helped Members evacuate  in the midst of a terrorist attack heading our way, or on January 6,  when a violent mob attacked the Capitol and tried to breach the  Chamber. Joyce faithfully executed her role with the utmost care,  helping to secure the House Chamber and ensuring the safety and  protection of the Members and the congressional mace. When we  reconvened on the House floor that night, it was Joyce, with the mace,  who brought us back into session.   As I close, we are grateful today that throughout the years, as the  Scripture says, Joyce has been faithful over a few things: faithful to  the Chamber, faithful to the Congress, faithful to the country, and  faithful to the Constitution. She has been faithful over a few things.   As Joyce prepares to go back home to North Carolina, I think we can  confidently express the sentiment found in Matthew 25:23: Well done,  thy good and faithful servant. Well done.   Congratulations on your retirement.   (Applause, the Members rising.)   