 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a  vote on agreeing to the Speaker's approval of the Journal.    Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a  quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not  present.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the amendment I have offered would prevent  the Department of Defense from purchasing data that would otherwise  require a warrant, court order, or subpoena. The amendment would also  end unauthorized surveillance practices.   The government is currently circumventing the Fourth Amendment by  purchasing location data, internet browsing data, and other sensitive  information. The so-called data broker loophole is a severe threat to  the right to privacy in the United States.   Freedom surrendered is rarely reclaimed, but we must defend our  Fourth Amendment.   Government surveillance programs are routinely misused and targeted  at Americans. The FBI, in fact, admits it conducted 278,000 improper  searches of American citizens in 2020 alone. If the government can buy  its way around the Fourth Amendment, there will be few meaningful  limits on government surveillance.   We need to pass this amendment. It at least stops the Department of  Defense from doing that inside the United States of America.   Mr. Chair, I reserve balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the support of my colleagues  to get this amendment to this point and, frankly, the commitment to the  work ahead. It is important for our national security, but the whole  premise of the Department of Defense is to support and defend the  Constitution of the United States. The way we go about that has to  preserve the way of life that our Constitution establishes, that the  Bill of Rights guarantees that our protections will exist, and we have  a lot of work to do to restore the protections of our Fourth Amendment.  [[Page H3585]]    This amendment is an important first step, and I ask all of our  colleagues to unite and make it a fully bipartisan level of support.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   