 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to urge the adoption of my  amendment to ensure that President Biden's lend-lease authority  regarding Ukraine is subject to the same requirements under the Arms  Export Control Act and the Foreign Assistance Act as loans to every  other country.   These requirements would not block or do not block any of the current  support that our government is providing to Ukraine but would mitigate  the risk that the Biden administration or, for that matter, any  administration abuses its lend-lease authorities in the future.   The requirements include that the loan is made for a fixed period of  time, up to 5 years, and the borrower agrees to repay us all the costs  we incur by lending our equipment, such as money to repair or to  replace damaged equipment.   Loans have agreements for repayment. Without the requirement that  loans have a defined term and a repayment agreement, without those  terms it is not a loan. It is a grant or a gift. Funding Ukraine is  under the purview of Congress, not the executive branch.   He can simply call it a loan and never require repayment or  reimbursement, or he could extend the terms out indefinitely or request  repayment in something else like Monopoly money--and I say that in  jest.   Other requirements under the Arms Export Control Act include that the  President determine that there are compelling foreign policy or  national security reasons to lend the equipment rather than actually  just selling it, and he considers any impact the loan may have on our  national technology and industrial base.   Surely, none of us want the President to lend equipment if he doesn't  believe we have a compelling national interest to be involved, or  without consideration of the impact on our industrial base.   Finally, it requires that the President provide detailed reports to  the Foreign Affairs and Appropriations Committees when he exercises the  lend-lease authorities, which is a very reasonable requirement  consistent with basic congressional oversight.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support of my amendment and reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I believe in freedom. I believe in liberty.  I believe in the right for a country to defend itself. I also believe  in accountability. These are taxpayer dollars being used overseas. We  have an authority, and we have a responsibility as Congress to oversee  these dollars.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, while Members of Congress have diverse views  on the conflict in Ukraine and the appropriate role of the United  States, which we have talked about a lot when considering this bill, I  hope we can broadly agree that Congress must exercise  its responsibility to guide and oversee the use of our taxpayer dollars  and our defense equipment.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I just want to reiterate that we are not  saying that the lend-lease program can't be utilized, we are simply  asking that Congress has the ability to set forth terms as is our  responsibility.   We have an obligation to the American taxpayer to have accountability  for these dollars. It is lend-lease; it is not a gift. If it is a gift,  we should authorize it, but it is not. It is either lend-lease or it is  not.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the robust debate. I want to  emphasize under the lend-lease program there are terms set forth. This  is something that we owe the American people. It is something that we  would expect if it is utilized for other countries.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   