 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for S. 30, the Fiscal Year  2023 Veterans Affairs Major Medical Facility Authorization Act.   I thank the chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee,  Senator Tester, and Ranking Member Moran for introducing this important  legislation.   Every year, the Department of Veterans Affairs submits an annual  budget request to Congress. Our job is to authorize and appropriate the  funding VA needs to care for America's veterans and their families.   More than 9 million veterans are enrolled in VA's healthcare system,  utilizing roughly 1,300 healthcare facilities across the system. Within  VA's budget request are funds to replace and modernize these medical  facilities.   This year's major construction request totals just over $3.7 billion  and will build a new healthcare center in El Paso, Texas; construct an  outpatient clinic and a national cemetery in Alameda, California; erect  a new medical facility in Louisville, Kentucky; and allow for seismic  upgrades and specialty care improvements in Fort Harrison, Montana,  among other things.   Mr. Speaker, funding VA infrastructure remains an important and  critical issue. In recent years, the committee has highlighted VA's  aging infrastructure and the critical need to address that issue.  Delivering 21st century healthcare using outdated facilities is far  from ideal and certainly not what our veterans deserve. If the VA is to  be inclusive and treat all veterans who have served, we should not  delay retrofitting facilities as we strive to meet the growing and  ever-changing needs of our diverse veteran community.   Last year, we passed my Honoring our PACT Act, which will  significantly expand eligibility and, consequently, utilization of VA  healthcare in the coming years.   Just last week, NPR published a story highlighting, once again, a  Medicare survey showing VA hospitals are outperforming private  hospitals in all categories of patient satisfaction. Despite outdated,  antiquated facilities, VA still provides exceptional care. Imagine the  levels of care VA could achieve if it had all the needed resources.   In order to serve our veterans and provide them with the care they  deserve and need, we must start making serious investments in our  outdated infrastructure.   Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join me in passing S. 30, the  Fiscal Year 2023 Veterans Affairs Major Medical Facility Authorization  Act, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 3672, a bill that  would honor the service and sacrifice of Private First Class Justin T.  Paton, who was killed by enemy fire during combat operations 40 miles  north of Baghdad in February 2007. He was posthumously awarded the  Bronze Star for his contributions to our country while deployed.   Despite being only 24 years old when he died, Private First Class  Paton nonetheless left his mark on the world. A native of the Indian  River area, many in his community were struck by his character and  leadership potential.   Shortly after word of his death spread throughout the Indian River  community, Private First Class Paton's high school football coach noted  that he was ``the kind of kid you hope your own son grows up to be.''   It seems fitting that a clinic where veterans receive the care they  earned would be named after Private First Class Paton.   Before enlisting in the Army in 2005, he worked as a rehabilitation  technician at Northern Michigan Hospital. The VA providers at the  clinic that will bear his name will carry on Private First Class  Paton's legacy of serving members of his community.   I thank my colleague, Representative Bergman, for introducing this  legislation to recognize Private First Class Paton's heroic service to  our Nation by designating the Indian River, Michigan, VA clinic as the  ``Pfc. Justin T. Paton Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic.''   We shall never forget the sacrifices of young men and women like  Private First Class Paton, who bravely raised their right hand and  swore an oath to protect and defend our Nation.   This bill has letters of support from The American Legion, Veterans  of Foreign Wars, Disabled American Veterans, and the members of the  Michigan delegation.   Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 3672 and urge my colleagues to do the  same. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join me in  passing H.R. 3672 to designate the clinic of the Department of Veterans  Affairs in Indian River, Michigan, as the ``Pfc. Justin T. Paton  Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic.''    I thank my colleague, General Bergman, for bringing this legislation  to the floor. It is always a poignant matter to consider the sacrifice  of such a young American.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   