 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution  because it would facilitate the passage of H.R. 497, the Freedom for  Health Care Workers Act.   What does that bill do? It ends the unscientific, illogical, immoral,  unconstitutional, unethical, vaccine mandate on healthcare workers that  is predicated on lies.   What are some of those lies? Let's start with the first one.   The first lie: The vaccine prevents spread. Who says that it doesn't  prevent spread? Is this an internet conspiracy? Well, it is on the  internet, but it is the CDC director, Rochelle Walensky, who said 1  year ago, ``What the vaccines can't do anymore is prevent  transmission.''   Pfizer admitted they were not asked by regulators to assess whether  their shots reduced transmission, nor did their trials measure whether  the shots reduced transmission.   What is the second lie that this mandate is predicated on?   The vaccines don't cause any harm, can't cause any harm. They are  safe. They are completely safe. You have nothing to worry about. No  side effects. No adverse reactions.   Who disputes that? Is it an internet conspiracy? It is the CDC  website. Yes, it is on the internet.   The CDC website acknowledges that the vaccines can cause myocarditis,  pericarditis, blood clots, and even death.   CDC and FDA recently announced they had identified a preliminary  vaccine safety signal for persons 65 and older for the bivalent  vaccine, that it could increase their chance of stroke in the 21 days  following vaccination with Pfizer's new bivalent vaccine.   What is the third lie that this is predicated on, this vaccine  mandate for healthcare workers?   That it is scientific. That it makes sense.   How does it make sense? To require somebody to have two shots  targeted at a variant of the virus that is no longer circulating; to  have two shots that wear off after 8 months, two shots that were taken  2 years ago.   The CDC acknowledges that those vaccines that are mandated taken two  years ago have worn off by now. Why would you mandate them?   What is the fourth lie that this vaccine mandate is predicated on?   It ignores natural immunity.   When the vaccines first came out, the CDC said that the Pfizer trial  showed  [[Page H525]]  that the vaccine was 92 percent efficacious for those who had already  had COVID.   Guess what? It showed no such thing.   I called the CDC. They admitted to me it was wrong. They said they  would fix the website.   Here we are over 2 years later, they haven't fixed that lie on their  website. They know it is a lie. I have them on a recording if anybody  over there wants to hear it.   Finally, who is liable for the damage that this could cause? Nobody  is liable.   We are living under medical malpractice martial law right now under  the PREP Act in the EUAs.   Madam Speaker, let me close with this: This vaccine mandate affects  nurses; 85 percent of nurses are female.   Joe Biden's COVID vaccine mandate for healthcare workers have forced  many from the workplace. Many of them quit nursing as a career, retired  early, or didn't pursue it as a degree.   This is the epitome of hypocrisy. Nobody in this room was mandated to  take a vaccine, and we are voting on whether we are going to force  people who want to take care of people, whether they have to take the  vaccine.   End the hypocrisy. None of us were mandated. None of the staff in  this room were mandated to take this vaccine. End it now. Support this  rule.   