 Mr. President, I have just learned that the majority  leader has filed for cloture on the nomination of Ms. Tanya Bradsher to  be Deputy Secretary at the Department of Veterans Affairs. In addition  to my remarks on the Senate floor on July 18, I would like to provide  more context to my decision to oppose her nomination, especially in  light of new information that has come to my attention.   Ms. Bradsher, if confirmed, would be second in command at a deeply  troubled agency. Both the VA and Ms. Bradsher in her current role as  chief of staff have shown repeated indifference to congressional  oversight. Records show that she played a key role in the VA's  deficient response to my investigation of VA corruption that I launched  in 2021. Another of my investigations has revealed that she also failed  to secure sensitive veterans' health information, PII, and  whistleblower information in the VA's correspondence system, VA  Integrated Enterprise Workflow Solution, also called VIEWS, which is  under her direct authority. My oversight has shown that VIEWS exposes  veterans' private and sensitive information to thousands of VA  employees, only a small number of whom are authorized to see it. The VA  and Ms. Bradsher provided misleading information about that as well,  which I will discuss here.   If confirmed, Ms. Bradsher would be in charge of the VA's effort to  modernize veterans' electronic health records. This involves the  healthcare records of millions of veterans, which obviously contain  huge amounts of sensitive information. Ms. Bradsher's failures on  privacy issues as chief of staff and her lack of transparency to the  Veterans Affairs Committee show that we can't trust her to secure this  sensitive information or to take the lead and address Agency failures,  of which VA has many.   As part of Ms. Bradsher's committee proceedings, she responded to  questions for the record about veterans' medical records stored in the  VIEWS correspondence system at the VA. Ms. Bradsher provided misleading  and often contradictory answers to Senators' questions. When asked  about veterans' medical records exposed in VIEWS, she responded that  the VIEWS system doesn't ``handle'' medical records. This was deeply  misleading, as my staff had already verified that sensitive medical  records are stored in VIEWS, and often exposed improperly for thousands  of VA employees to see. Ranking Member Moran, unconvinced, pressed her  about her answer. She then admitted that these health records are  indeed stored in VIEWS as part of VA correspondence. Either she didn't  know this on the first round of questions or she intentionally misled  the committee. Both of these are disqualifying for a nominee to this  position.   And Ms. Bradsher's remaining answers were no better. When asked  whether she knew anyone who may have been harassed, doxed, or who may  have had any negative consequences from their information being exposed  in VIEWS, she answered that she didn't. That is astonishing given the  fact that one of the internal whistleblowers approached her office just  last year complaining of exactly that. This whistleblower told Ms.  Bradsher's deputy that she had been harassed and feared for her safety.  Both I and members of the committee had reminded Ms. Bradsher of that  correspondence before she answered. Yet she apparently hadn't even  bothered to review it before answering questions. She also repeatedly  dodged responsibility for her failures and provided no plan at all to  secure veterans' and whistleblower PII already exposed in VIEWS. We  shouldn't reward a nominee and the VA for their inattention, neglect,  and lack of candor.   When whistleblowers last year informed the Office of Special  Counsel--OSC--about these VIEWS privacy flaws, OSC found a  ``substantial likelihood of wrongdoing'' related to potential violation  of Federal privacy laws. On August 2, 2022, OSC directed VA to  investigate and report back within 60 days. The VA, however, continued  to ask for extensions, which led to the report being released only  recently, during the August recess.   That report should stop this nomination in its tracks. It reveals  that even as Ms. Bradsher and the VA attempted to deny and downplay the  serious matters I brought to the attention of the Senate Veterans  Affairs Committee, the VA had already determined internally that these  allegations were true. And not only are they true, but the VA's  internal report shows they were even worse than I thought. The VA now  admits that more than a hundred more employees have improper access to  sensitive data in the VIEWS system than they originally represented.  And the report revealed that the VA knew since at least July 2019 that  these data privacy issues existed for ``a massive number of cases [in  VIEWS] that were improperly marked `not sensitive,' '' a full 3 years  before whistleblowers reached out to Ms. Bradsher's office last July.  This was, therefore, a known issue when Ms. Bradsher took office. Not  once did Ms. Bradsher in responding to members of the Senate Veterans  Affairs Committee even bother to mention these significant facts, nor  apparently did she lift a finger to take care of these issues in the 16  months she was in office before the whistleblowers spoke out to her  deputy last year.   The VA's report further calls Ms. Bradsher's candor into question. It  seems to directly contradict Ms. Bradsher's answers to questions for  the record in her committee proceedings. For example, in response to  Senator Blackburn, Ms. Bradsher claimed that, ``the VIEWS system has  controls in place to protect personal and sensitive information . . .  system access is logged. Audits also are done to make sure information  on the VIEWS system is accessed appropriately.'' Yet the VA's report to  OSC specifically noted regarding VIEWS that, ``there is no program of  auditing or detection in place . . . to log when a user views  whistleblower identities and sensitive personal information without  authority.'' It looks like Ms. Bradsher has some explaining to do.   Democrats on the committee likewise failed in their duty to get to  the truth of this matter. They didn't accept the whistleblowers' offer  to speak  [[Page S4327]]  with them and answer questions about the allegations they raised with  Ms. Bradsher's office and reported to OSC. Given the VA's record on  whistleblower retaliation, those brave folks risked their jobs and  livelihoods to come forward. But there was one job the committee wasn't  willing to risk: Ms. Bradsher's promotion to Deputy Secretary. Rather  than exercising its solemn constitutional duty to properly vet a  Presidential nominee, the committee's majority instead took the VA's  word on the matter and voted the nominee out without duly  investigating, days before a report that ended up providing highly  relevant information about the VA's data privacy failures on her watch.  The full Senate shouldn't make an even worse mistake by confirming the  nominee after the VA's report verified the allegations I brought to  this body's attention.   Even before Ms. Bradsher's committee hearing was held, the VA had  already admitted to OSC that the VIEWS allegations raised by  whistleblowers to Ms. Bradsher's office last year were true. It is not  all in our imagination, as VA tried to mislead the U.S. Senate into  thinking. The VA admitted as much in its own letter to OSC on May 26 of  this year, before Ms. Bradsher's VA Committee hearing, stating that the  VA's OSC-ordered investigation at the outset of its investigation had  already ``fully substantiated'' allegations whistleblowers raised that,  ``VA officials are violating the Privacy Act of 1974 and the provisions  of VA Directive 6502 and VA Handbook 6500 by improperly storing the  personally identifiable information of whistleblowers, employees, and  veterans in the Veterans Affairs Integrated Enterprise Workflow  Solution (VIEWS) system of records because such sensitive information  is not marked as sensitive and is therefore accessible to all VA  employees that have access to VIEWS.'' In other words, VA admitted that  it violated Federal privacy laws related to VIEWS by not securing  sensitive data, but Ms. Bradsher withheld this key fact from the  committee when questioned, and the VA insinuated otherwise in its last- minute misleading memo circulated by the committee majority on the eve  of her committee rubberstamp.   Despite their legal obligation to be candid with Congress and not to  omit material facts from their statements to this body, this deeply  misleading memo to members of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee  right before their vote on Ms. Bradsher failed to even address the VA's  preliminary findings, and it misled the committee by minimizing data  security issues in VIEWS. The VA memo claimed that, ``[the Committee  minority staff's conclusion] that thousands of VIEWS files are not  being properly treated as sensitive is misguided.'' The VA's report,  however, specifically stated that, ``[c]onsidering that over 200,000  [VIEWS] cases were created over the past three calendar years alone,  and the rate at which the presence of sensitive personal information  can be found in cases, the `Not Sensitive' cases containing sensitive  personal information before remediation actions were implemented is  easily estimated to have been in the multi-thousands at the time the  whistleblowers came forward with the allegations.''   The memo also implied that a search of VIEWS conducted by the  committee's Republican staff as part of their investigation, which  turned up ``countless'' records responsive to the term  ``whistleblower,'' didn't ``show[] that files with the names of  whistleblowers were not treated as sensitive,'' again ignoring the fact  that they had already confirmed to OSC that VIEWS files did expose the  personally identifiable information of whistleblowers. The VA report,  dated July 21, notes that even at that time, 2 weeks after the  minority's search, key whistleblower terms when searched still  returned, ``cases and files containing significant whistleblower  identification and sensitive personal information,'' although to a  ``significantly lesser degree'' than before. This contradicts the VA's  implication in its misleading memo before Ms. Bradsher's committee vote  that private whistleblower information did not come up at all when  searched for.   Accordingly, the VA's memo to the committee in advance of the  Bradsher vote was not only misleading, but it was also arguably  obstructive conduct meant to deceive and frustrate the Congress from  knowing the full set of facts in this matter. Such conduct is  indefensible. But the Democrat majority blindly and irresponsibly  accepted it.   Moreover, these more significant changes that the VA points to in the  VIEWS system were made at the eleventh hour, only in response to  significant Senate attention and public criticism. The VA's report  noted that, ``changes applied to VIEWS CCM in July 2023 significantly  reduced the accessibility of whistleblower identities and sensitive  personal information contained in archived and active cases.'' Note  carefully, July of this year, well after Ms. Bradsher's committee  hearing. That they have made changes years after finding out about the  problem and only after having their nominee embarrassed in a very  public way illustrates problems of honesty and transparency that are  illustrations of deeper systemic problems in the VA and its present  culture of cover-up.   And that is just the tip of the iceberg with this nominee and this  Agency. Ms. Bradsher has failed to accept responsibility for her  demonstrated failure to secure veterans' private data and attempted to  deflect her responsibility by pointing to the OSC-ordered  investigation. She has never explained why she would need to wait for  that investigation to be complete, a full year, before complying with  Federal privacy laws and securing any veterans' data she could as soon  as possible. She likewise has never explained why she did nothing in  the year-and-a-half before whistleblowers approached her office,  despite the VA being aware of veterans' personal data being unlawfully  exposed. As I said in my floor speech on July 18, this obfuscation is  yet another sign that Ms. Bradsher is a ``business as usual'' nominee  for the VA. Our veterans deserve better.   Now to the other objection I have to this nomination. Ms. Bradsher  also played a key role in the VA's stonewalling of my investigation  into VA corruption. Documents obtained through the Freedom of  Information Act--FOIA--by third parties show that Ms. Bradsher helped  lead the VA's response to my inquiry launched in April 2021 into the  conflicts of interest of a senior VA official, Ms. Charmain Bogue.  Under Ms. Bradsher's leadership, the VA waited nearly nine months and  until I had sent four letters demanding a response, before even  answering. Even then, in late December 2021, it refused to answer any  of my questions, citing Inspector General Missal's ongoing  investigation.   Well, that investigation ended early last year. The VA still hasn't  answered those questions, despite repeated requests. Congress has a  right and constitutional responsibility to independently investigate to  determine how these conflicts were allowed to exist and why the VA  berated the internal whistleblower who brought it to the Agency's  attention rather than providing praise for exposing government  wrongdoing. This is especially important given the fact that the  inspector general didn't have the chance to finish his investigation  due to Ms. Bogue's resignation from VA so she didn't have to cooperate  and provide answers that may have implicated her in a criminal conflict  of interest.   I have inquired about other issues as well in this ongoing and  largely one-sided correspondence with VA. This includes whistleblower  retaliation, potential failure to secure information about a publicly  traded company that may have enabled insider trading, and, most  recently, allegations of contract irregularities, with senior officials  who resigned under ethical cloud receiving tens of millions of dollars  in lucrative VA contracts. The VA has failed to answer dozens of  questions on these matters, and they will be in hot water with this  Senator from Iowa until they do.   I will oppose this nominee due to the well-documented stiff-arm she  has given Congress, her failure to protect sensitive veteran  information, and her penchant for providing misleading information to  the Senate. I urge the Senate to reject this nomination not only  because of the nominee's clear inability to get the job done the right  way, but to also send a message to the VA that it must put veterans  first.   