 Madam President, for the past 6 years, my staff, my  family, and I have traveled to every corner of the State. We have  crisscrossed it multiple times. We have been in every county in Kansas  multiple times--town halls and roundtables and listening sessions. In  fact, just last week--the last week we were on break--we probably made  a dozen stops. At every one of those stops, at every one of those  roundtables, I can guarantee you the subject of high-speed internet  came up.   Together, we built solutions to address the challenges our rural  areas are facing. Together, we built hospitals, municipal water  facilities, grocery stores, and critical infrastructure in our State's  communities. But despite all of these achievements, many Kansans agree  that one job is still not finished, and that is the crucial task of  building out high-speed broadband connectivity to every part of the  State.   Nothing highlighted the inadequate infrastructure for high-speed  broadband across Kansas more than the COVID-19 lockdowns. Our schools  and businesses across the State were shut down. Hundreds of thousands  of Kansans were sent home to do their jobs and schoolwork. A lackluster  internet connection impacted children's education across the State and  many families' ability to keep up with remote work.    Rural broadband's impacts go far beyond the classroom for our Kansas  communities. In today's quickly evolving cyber world, adequate internet  connection is a necessity, not just a luxury. Doctors at my alma mater,  KU Med Center in Wichita, are trying to offer clinical trials to rural  Kansan participants through secure video checkups. Having a premier  healthcare virtual consultation option in communities where there is a  shortage of access to quality care can save the patient hours of  driving and, in many cases, save their lives.   In addition to healthcare benefits, having high-speed internet brings  our farming techniques into the 21st century. In rural areas, the  capability of using the best technology available in farming practices  depends on a reliable internet connection. Precision agriculture  internet apps allow farmers to monitor conditions--hour by hour, second  by second--more effectively in the field, and they can track crop  yields and feed the world, producing more food with less--more food  with less water, more food with less fertilizers.   By utilizing this latest farm equipment, our State's farmers and  ranchers are able to leave the land cleaner, healthier, and safer than  when we found it.   Madam President, the call for a strong internet connection across  Kansas has only grown. That is why I rise  [[Page S2089]]  today to highlight the importance of broadband expansion.   There is still so much work to be done to get rural America up to  speed, and I realize this work will never be done, just like our roads  and bridges that were amplified so much in the 1950s and 1960s. We  still have to go back and repair those roads and bridges. There is  always one more road and bridge that we need to go back and fix, and  that will be the rule with high-speed internet. There is always  something bigger and faster out there that we need to keep pace.   I am proud to have played a role as a member of the Kansas House  Agriculture Committee in 2018 when we drafted the farm bill, which  directed both the USDA and FCC with dollars to fund new and innovative  ways to connect rural residents.   In 2018, we authorized the ReConnect Program at the USDA, which  awarded funding for broadband connectivity services to under- and  unserved areas. ReConnect provided $5.2 million to connect over 1,300  households, 16 businesses, and 23 farms in Kansas during its first  round of funding.   In 2023, we introduced a new effort in the 2023 farm bill, with my  colleague and fellow member of the Senate Ag Committee, Senator Peter  Welch of Vermont. The ReConnecting Rural America Act provides a minimum  speed of 100/100 high-speed internet build-out speeds, prioritizing  long-term broadband infrastructure in our most rural communities.   Every Kansan I have spoken to has voiced the need for symmetrical  speeds in their community and for increasing investments in fiber to be  made by providers. By bolstering broadband infrastructure for our rural  communities, we are able to stay up to speed with what is happening in  the rest of the world.   Through these Federal efforts, combined with the administration of  funds at the State level, I believe that we are getting closer than  ever to making a real impact in rural broadband connectivity. Still, we  must stay dedicated to the task at hand and ensure that this  infrastructure is built to last.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   