 Madam President, I rise today to join my colleagues in  calling for the need for permitting reform for our Federal Agencies.  The current system we have right now is in dire need of reform. It  takes too long and costs taxpayers too much money. As Governor of  Nebraska, I had direct experience with this. Let me share some of those  experiences.   The Natural Resources District, which is in charge of flood  mitigation around Offutt Air Force Base, saw the need to raise the  levees around Offutt Air Force Base.   Offutt Air Force Base is very important. Not only does it house the  55th Wing, but it also is the home of Strategic Command, which controls  our nuclear forces.   They went about the process of getting the levees raised; however,  the Army Corps of Engineers took 6 years--6 years--to grant the permit.  The permit was granted, and construction was set to begin in March of  2019.   March 2019 was also the same month that we experienced the most  widespread flooding in our State's history. As part of that flooding,  Offutt Air Force Base was damaged. Floodwaters covered the runway and  damaged over a dozen buildings. Ultimately, the cost to the U.S.  taxpayers was nearly $1 billion. If the Army Corps of Engineers had  only given the permit in 4 years--which, by the way, still would have  been horrible service--those levees would have been built up, and we  could have avoided nearly $1 billion in damage to Offutt Air Force  Base, risking our national security and costing taxpayer dollars.   In another case, the Natural Resources District was looking to raise  a different levee, R616-613. That permit took 7 years to get issued and  at a cost of $6 million. The overall project was set for $45 million.  That means that the cost of the permit alone was 13 percent of the  overall cost of the project.   In hearings today with the Army Corps of Engineers, we find out that  the Army Corps of Engineers has about 80,000 regulatory reviews and  permits they issue, and they claim they turn those permits around in 11  months. However, they have no system of detecting or reviewing outliers  like these 6- and 7-year permits, nor do they have any goals for what a  permit should cost in the overall percentage of a project.   Here is the good news: This is something we can fix. In the State of  Nebraska, we undertook permitting reform as well because we wanted to  do a better job serving our customers and reduce our costs.   For example, with our air construction permits that the Nebraska  Department of Environment and Energy issues, we looked at the process  of doing that. It took almost 200 days to issue those permits. The  process to issue those was 110 steps long. Only four of those steps  actually offered any value. We were able to cut that number of steps  down to 22 steps, and by 2019, it cut the days it takes to issue that  permit down to 65--all without sacrificing any quality.   Through our department of transportation, we also have green sheets.  These are the sheets we give to contractors to make sure they are  complying with things like environmental regulations, antiquities,  endangered species, erosion control, and also things such as hazardous  waste disposal. It was taking us about 16 days to issue those, and the  process was 87 steps long. We cut it down to 60 steps and were able to  reduce the time it  [[Page S1482]]  takes to issue those green sheets by 81 percent, down to just 3 days.  What that does is it then allows the contractor to get in the field and  start building our roads faster, employing people faster.   When you have a regulatory environment where people know they can  have that certainty, it helps businesses. In fact, Yahoo said they  invested about $20 million in Nebraska because they knew they would  have that regulatory certainty in our State because we focused on good  customer service.   We need to have the same sort of permitting reform at the Federal  Government. In the State of Nebraska, we use Lean Six Sigma, which is a  process of proven methodology to be able to do our permitting reform.  Our Federal Agencies can do something similar.   I look forward to working with Ranking Member Capito on the  Environmental and Public Works Committee on how we can come up with  ways to reform our permitting system here at our Federal Agencies. This  is something that will impact power generation, power transmission,  infrastructure, flood control--a number of different things. This is  vitally important for our country to continue to grow, for us to create  jobs and ultimately be able to save taxpayers' money.   I yield the floor.   