 Madam President, I am so glad to join my colleagues on  the floor today to really emphasize how a family's life falls apart  when they don't have access to good childcare.   I am one of a handful of parents of young kids. I have no complaints.  Obviously, my wife and I make enough money so that we have been able to  provide quality childcare for our kids, as we have both been working  throughout their lives. But when you are living on a more modest  salary--not a poverty wage but just a modest, lower middle income  salary--your entire world can fall apart when you lose access to a  quality childcare environment. People have to quit their jobs.  [[Page S5666]]  They have to move back in with their parents. They have to move their  entire family to a different city or a different State. Your entire  life gets upended when you can't find care for your child because you  will upend your entire life for your child. Nothing matters more than  making sure your child is safe.   So what we are forcing our families to do simply because we don't  choose to do the right thing and provide funding to make sure there is  affordable, quality childcare available--it is sending our families  into unnecessary crisis all over this country.   In my State, I have had 124,000 parents report that their work has  been disrupted by childcare issues, that they have had to leave work,  that they have had to leave employment because of an interruption in  childcare.   Our childcare centers in Connecticut--and we are a high-cost  childcare State. We are a high-cost State in general. Eighty-nine  percent of them report that they have had difficulty hiring staff, 60  percent of them say that right now they are understaffed, and 70  percent of them say that they have wait lists for new families, which  just shows you that all over Connecticut, we have a total mismatch  between the number of slots and the number of families who need those  slots.   Of course, that delivers enormous harm to families but also to our  workforce. I met a young woman a few weeks ago who lives in Hartford.  She has a very young child. They are on a waitlist for a subsidized  childcare slot. She wants to actually be a childcare worker. She wants  to help solve the workforce shortage. But she can't get into the  workforce. Why? Because she has to stay home to take care of her young  child.   So this cycle that ends up impacting not just families but our  economy writ large is one that we have to break.   I just want to leave you with this one last piece of math to just  explain how serious this situation is in my State.   In Connecticut, we have a program called Care for Kids, and this is a  program that does for lower income families--tries to give them some  subsidy so that they can afford childcare. But that program cuts off  for a one-child family at $41,500 a year income. That is a lower middle  income salary in Connecticut. That is a salary that is not unfamiliar  in my State.   Let me just do the very quick math for you. For a family of three, a  two-bedroom, one-bedroom house could be about $1,800 a month. Childcare  in Connecticut on average is going to be about $15,000 a year. Total up  just the costs for a family who makes just above the threshold to  qualify for our subsidy programs. Let's say a family makes $42,000,  doesn't qualify for our subsidy programs, is spending $22,000 a year on  rent, and is spending $15,000 a year on childcare. That is $37,000 a  year. They make $42,000. They have $5,000 left. That is $10 a week for  everything else--for food, for your cell phone, for clothes for your  kid. If you are making above the rate of subsidy in Connecticut, just  the cost of childcare and rent leaves you with $10 a week to survive.  In the richest, most affluent country in the world, how can we justify  leaving families who are doing the right thing, who are working, in  that position?   That is why I am so glad to be here on the floor with my colleagues  pleading with our Republican friends to do the right thing and support  the President's proposed plan to support affordable, quality childcare  in this country, for the families I represent in Connecticut.   I yield the floor.   