 Madam President, I was on that trip with Senator Scott  back in, I believe, August of 2019.   What struck me about that visit, as we went to almost every perimeter  in Israel, is how they had to be on guard constantly--constantly--to  keep from having something flying into one of their towns or villages.   When we did visit the one that Rick referred to, what struck me is  they had like a big locker by one of the homes that showed all of the  unique ways--and I think it was the village nearest to the Gaza Strip-- of how many attempts that were made over time. Thank goodness, most of  them had fallen short, but it gave me the impression that there was  never a moment of real security.  [[Page S5074]]    Then we saw how, within those villages, you had to be on guard almost  100 percent of the time and scurry into a safe room that would disrupt  the normal pace of your life. Imagine if you had to live under those  conditions. And here, it has been a long time since anything of this  magnitude has come along--probably nearly 50 years--but it shows that  it never ends there.   When something like this does happen and when we have had legislation  that looks like it was intended to prevent this and it went through--I  think, according to the Senator, unanimously--this should be a slam  dunk in that we would want to make sure that nothing can leak free out  of any other type of aid that would help something like this either  persist or happen again.   If the report in the Wall Street Journal is accurate, Iran was  closely involved in the planning and execution of the horrible  terrorist act on Israel. If that is the case, then it appears the $6  billion in cash, unfrozen for Iran, freed up resources to aid the  attack. We should suspend those funds immediately and permanently. We  must also take extra steps to make sure the United States is not  inadvertently funding terrorist activities. This bill--a simple one-- the Stop Taxpayer Funding of Hamas Act, would do just that.   Under this bill, the President will have to certify that no U.S.  funds are able to go to Hamas or members of Hamas. It would also make  sure that funds are not benefiting organizations controlled or  influenced by Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or any other terrorist  organization. It simply puts in specificity what we all should be for.   With President Biden's announcement today that he intends to send  $100 million in aid to Gaza, we need this legislation to become law  immediately. The American people need to feel confident that their tax  dollars are not going to fund the mayhem we saw in Israel at the hands  of Hamas terrorists.   I yield the floor to the Senator from North Carolina.   