 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2. I am deeply  frustrated by the administration's failure to adequately prepare for  the end of title 42, and my constituents in Arizona are, as well. They  know that the administration could have and should have done more to  prepare for this day. That is the simple truth.   The bill before us today does nothing to make the border States like  mine safer. It does not ensure an orderly and humane legal asylum  process, and even makes it more difficult for refugees from countries  like Cuba and Ukraine to seek asylum here.   It does not stop the flow of deadly drugs like fentanyl into our  communities. In fact, it diverts law enforcement resources from going  after drug traffickers and smugglers.   This bill demands much more from the Customs and Border Protection  officers but does not provide the necessary funding for CBP to manage  the surge of traffic, leaving our ports and our Nation more vulnerable  and less secure.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle even want to eliminate  Federal funding that faith-based and local aid groups depend on to  shelter, feed, and clothe migrants. Without those shelters, there would  be even more street releases by Border Patrol into communities like  Phoenix and Tucson. That is inhumane.   My amendment to strike that part of this bill, they wouldn't even  give it a  [[Page H2273]]  vote. Make no mistake, if signed into law, H.R. 2 would hurt our  economy, especially in my home State of Arizona.   Every employer that I have met with in the district, from farmers, to  contractors, to high-tech manufacturing companies, tells me that they  can't find enough skilled workers. This bill does nothing to strengthen  workforce pipelines. It actually makes hiring more difficult.   All of these things, Mr. Speaker, show that this proposal is not a  serious one. Instead of sabotaging an already broken immigration  system, I invite my colleagues across the aisle to help us modernize  it.   Commonsense reforms would help us rebuild our Nation's  infrastructure, invest in domestic manufacturing, create jobs, improve  trade with Mexico, and combat inflation.   Now, my colleagues across the aisle say our first priority should be  securing our southern border. I agree.    Mr. Speaker, the situation at our border is dire. There  is no getting around it, and Congress and the administration must do  more.   One of the things we can do to secure our border is to modernize the  immigration system. These are not incompatible goals. Any serious  proposal must do both.   I am ready to work in good faith to find a path forward, and I will  be at the table when my colleagues across the aisle are ready to do the  same.   