 Mr. President, right after workers for Stellantis--the old  name of Stellantis was Chrysler, DaimlerChrysler. Their plant is in  Toledo. They make the Jeep Cherokee. It  [[Page S4576]]  is made by union workers in Toledo, OH, my State. My wife and I each  drive Jeep Cherokees. One of those cars once saved my life when a young  high school kid, at 40 miles an hour in the middle of the day, ran a  stop sign and hit the side of the car where I was sitting. There were  essentially no injuries because these are well-made American cars by  union labor.   I was over to the picket line Friday morning. I talked with a lot of  workers. I know many of them. There are 6,000 at this plant. And  1,000--actually, 1,100 of these workers are at this Chrysler plant,  this Stellantis plant in Toledo. Those 1,100 workers at the Jeep plant  are on what is called a tiered wage system where they make fewer than  $19-and-something an hour. They have been at this Jeep plant, some of  them for 1 year, some of them 3 years, some of them 5 or 6 years, yet  they make less than $40,000 a year as union workers.   The reason for that is some years ago, when Chrysler--then Chrysler-- and GM were in real serious economic trouble, the union--the government  helped, but the union, in order to save these plants, in order to save,  essentially, the American automobile industry--they did major givebacks  of their wages and their benefits.   They set up--management insisted and the workers went along because  they wanted to save these companies--they took major pay cuts and set  up a tiered wage system. So new workers, hundreds and hundreds--over  1,000 from this plant of 6,000 union workers--were making substandard  wages.   That is troubling enough that those workers, years later, are still  making those substandard wages. In some cases, you can't support a  family on these wages. Yet that is when Chrysler and GM were in such  economic trouble.   Since then, we know how well Chrysler--Stellantis now--and GM are  doing. We know how well they are doing by a number of measurements. No.  1, Chrysler--sorry, Stellantis; I always think of them as Chrysler and  Jeep in my State. Stellantis made $12 billion just in this calendar  alone. This company made $12 billion. When they were in trouble, the  workers, by giving up a lot and making sacrifices, saved them. Now  these companies are so profitable--$12 billion just this year alone,  Stellantis--they have essentially given nothing back to the workers,  and they are unwilling to provide the workers a decent benefit-- benefits, wages, all of those things.   At the same time, I met an entry-level worker there. She just  started. The CEO of Stellantis makes 850 times what this worker makes-- 850 times what this worker makes. The CEO of Stellantis makes 365 times  what the average worker in Chrysler--the average worker in Stellantis  makes in that plant and other plants around the country.   The fact is, these workers--clearly, we come down on the side of  these workers. The industry has done very well because of America's  economic system. The industry has done very well because they have had  the opportunity to do well in this country because the workers  sacrifice so much. That is why I will go back to the picket line.   There may be picket lines and shutdowns and strikes in other parts of  the auto industry. The public clearly sides with these workers. The  public understands that these CEOs are making between $22- and $29  million a year. The three CEOs have gotten 30-percent, 40-percent  increases since the industry did so well.   Again, a decade ago, workers were willing to give up a lot to keep  these companies going. Now, they are immensely profitable--$12 billion  in profits this year alone with the CEO making $22-23 million. The auto  industry is simply not willing to come to the table and negotiate in  good faith so these workers can share in the prosperity they created.   We know it not only hurts those workers when they are making $16 an  hour; it hurts the community. It hurts Toledo, Lucas County, Wood  County--those communities that don't have the taxes they would if these  workers were making decent wages. And they don't have the economic  prosperity they would if workers were making decent wages and buying-- spending a little more at the grocery store, on movies, on clothes, and  on all the things that help create a prosperous economy.   No question, I will continue to stand with workers. I think most of  the Senate stands with workers. I know most of the American people  stand with these workers.   I implore GM and Stellantis and Ford to come to the table and make a  good faith, decent offer and get these workers back to work. They don't  want to strike. Their backs are to the wall. They had to strike.   I yield the floor.   