 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.  [[Page H5812]]     Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I  rise today to urge support for my amendment, which would prohibit  taxpayer funds from being used to finalize the Biden administration's  destructive proposed fiduciary rule.   I believe saving for retirement is crucial for American families, and  access to professional financial advice should not be hindered by  burdensome overregulation. However, the Biden Department of Labor's  recently proposed fiduciary rule is nothing more than a recycled Obama- era disaster that does more harm than good to the very people it is  claiming to protect, American retirees and savers.   This rule would raise costs and reduce access to financial advice for  Americans with low and moderate incomes, as well as small businesses.  However, don't just take my word for it. A Deloitte study demonstrated  the damage resulting from the 2016 fiduciary rule, finding that 53  percent of U.S. financial advisers limited or eliminated access to  brokerage advice for retirement investors.   Not to mention, having shifted their position on what it means to be  an investment advice fiduciary three times in the last 2 years, the  Department of Labor has created confusion in the marketplace with their  reckless indecisiveness. By requiring financial advisers to adhere to a  strict, burdensome, and unworkable regulation, retirement advice will  no longer be accessible to those most in need of retirement security.   At a time when inflation is soaring, families' budgets are shrinking,  and our Nation's credit rating has been cut from stable to negative, I  am dismayed as to why President Biden would make it even harder for  Americans to receive financial advice to plan for the future, all while  blatantly skirting responsibility for the economic turmoil that we are  currently experiencing.   This rule is a prime example of regulatory overreach by unelected  bureaucrats in government agencies. I urge my colleagues to support  this amendment which would block taxpayer money from going toward a  rule that would only threaten their financial well-being.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, my amendment will help protect the millions of  hardworking taxpayers who rely on financial advisers to assist in  planning for their future. I strongly urge my colleagues to support  this amendment and fight against this administration and unelected  bureaucrats who want to grow big government.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   