 Mr. President, I rise today to highlight a new rule by the  State Department that honors a 15-year-old Portland girl whose life was  cut short by a hit-and-run driver in 2016. The girl's name is Fallon  Smart, and the man accused of manslaughter in her hit-and-run death was  a Saudi national.   Subsequent reporting by my hometown paper, The Oregonian, uncovered  that the Saudi national likely fled the country with the assistance of  the Saudi Government. The paper's reporting later revealed that this  Saudi affront to American justice was not--repeat, was not--an isolated  example when its nationals face criminal charges in our country.   Our paper found 17 cases in the United States and Canada of Saudi  nationals who fled justice while facing criminal charges. These cases-- some go back decades--are not for parking tickets. The charges against  these Saudi men include rape, manslaughter, and felony hit-and-run.   In Oregon alone, journalists identified seven cases of Saudi  nationals absconding justice. Their crimes included first-degree  manslaughter, unlawful firearm possession, intoxicated driving, third- degree felony assault, and multiple sex crimes including sexual abuse,  first-degree rape, and numerous counts of first-degree encouraging  child sex abuse.   In Montana, two Saudi nationals fled after accusations of sexual  assault.   In Ohio, two Saudi nationals fled after being accused of third-degree  involuntary manslaughter and beating people with weapons at a college  bar.   In Oklahoma, a Saudi national fled after being convicted of first- degree rape.   In Pennsylvania, a Saudi national fled after being accused of  attempted rape.   In Utah, a Saudi national fled after being convicted of rape.   In Washington State, three Saudi nationals fled after respective  accusations of rape, sexual assault of a child, and beating and  stabbing a classmate.   In Wisconsin, a Saudi national fled after being accused of two counts  of sexual assault.  [[Page S816]]    In most of these cases, local law enforcement confiscated the  passports of the accused criminals and set bail at thresholds the  individuals were unlikely to be able to pay themselves. Yet we now know  that many of these individuals somehow made bail and quickly received  the resources and travel documents necessary to board a plane and  leave, only to resurface in Saudi Arabia.   How did they leave the country without a passport?   Based on this evidence, it appears that the Saudi Government was  assisting their citizens in evading prosecution in the United States.   I repeatedly pressed Customs and Border Protection, the U.S. Marshals  Service, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the State Department  to explain what they knew about this pattern of cases. Despite all my  efforts to get some answers, the Trump administration failed to even  acknowledge the disturbing pattern or explain what, if anything, was  being done to stop it.   That is why, in 2019, I authored and got passed a law to declassify  an FBI report on this issue. The FBI report contended that the Saudis  were assisting fugitives, and they would not stop whisking away  criminals until ``the U.S. Government directly addresses this issue  with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and ties U.S. cooperation on KSA  priorities to ceasing this activity.''   So, in a sentence, you have foreign nationals in our country facing  the most serious criminal charges and our supposed Saudi ally helping  its citizens flee the American justice system. That is a disgrace, and,  in my view, it demanded action.   Once President Biden was sworn in, his administration assured me that  American diplomats in Riyadh had raised this issue with Saudi officials  at the highest level, but that was just the start. The State Department  further pledged to me that it is acting to put in place a new policy  named for Fallon Smart that would revoke visas ``in cases where a  foreign official has provided concerning forms of assistance to foreign  nationals in evading prosecution in the United States by absconding  from the United States.''   This Fallon Smart rule came after I put a hold on Michael Ratney's  nomination to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Saudi Arabia. I did it to  raise the profile of this issue and get commitments from the State  Department. I lifted my hold on that nomination, and Mr. Ratney has  been confirmed. I want to thank Secretary Blinken for agreeing to take  concrete actions that are going to deter other foreign officials from  assisting fugitives on American soil.   I plan to watchdog the State Department's implementation of the new  policy to ensure there is real accountability for foreign officials who  prevented justice from being carried out in the manslaughter of Fallon  Smart and other horrendous crimes across the country.   There is no way to bring Fallon Smart back to her family and no  punishment to heal the family's grief and loss, but today is a good day  on the march to justice for Fallon Smart and so many others. The Fallon  Smart rule sends a strong message that there is no place in our country  for foreign officials who help criminal suspects evade the law, and I  am going to continue to bird-dog this, closely watching the  administration to make sure it enforces the Fallon Smart rule whenever  there is evidence that foreign diplomats are undermining the American  justice system.   I promised never to be silent whenever Saudi Arabia tries to cleanse  its blood-stained hands in the fight for U.S. justice in the hit-and- run death of Fallon Smart. Her death at the hands of a Saudi national  on Hawthorne Boulevard in Southeast Portland--near our home--must never  be forgotten, and I can tell you the work to hold the Saudi officials  accountable in this case will not ever be forgotten.   Unfortunately, despite all the progress in achieving the Fallon Smart  rule, some Federal bureaucrats in this administration continue to defer  to the interests of dictators in the Middle East. That callous attitude  by Federal immigration officials has had devastating impact at home in  Oregon for two people who have done everything right to contribute to  their adopted communities.   The names of these two standout Oregonians are Matar Matar and his  wife Dr. Amal Alyusuf, and the saga of this couple's unconscionable  wait for asylum has also been detailed by in-depth reporting in The  Oregonian newspaper.   The couple's appeal for asylum began more than a decade ago. Matar  was the youngest member of Bahrain's Parliament and had been jailed and  tortured for weeks on end by Saudi-led security forces. The couple fled  with their children to the United States for refuge and applied in good  faith for asylum. More than 10 years later, their case somehow remains  ``pending'' in America.   Our country, of course, has always taken great pride in providing  refuge for people fleeing the worst abuses in their native countries.  It is a path to freedom that the Wyden family knows more than a little  about. My parents fled the Nazis in the thirties for safety in America.  I am the proud first-generation son of those refugees, both of whom  worked every day to contribute to our country.   As has been well documented in The Oregonian, this Bahraini couple is  doing the same thing in Oregon as my parents and uncounted millions of  immigrants have done for centuries here; namely, this couple is making  every available effort, while raising their three children, to make  their new communities even better places to live and work. Matar works  for the Willamette Dental Group in Portland, and Dr. Alyusuf provides  essential healthcare in rural Oregon, practicing as a physician in  Douglas County.   Yet my office has run into a bureaucratic morass again and again from  unresponsive immigration officials closing their eyes and ears to all  the evidence of how this exemplary Oregon family is owed better. So  just as I pledged to seek justice for Fallon Smart and to make sure  this administration follows the Fallon Smart rule, I am, today, putting  this administration on notice that I will be just as dogged in pursuing  a just solution for this Bahraini family.   Simply put, this family should not have to endure this brutal limbo  of more than 10 years waiting to know that it can continue contributing  to a better Oregon, free of fear from deportation at a moment's notice.  And I intend to be relentless in helping this family, as we did with  Fallon Smart, achieve the security and justice that they so deserve.   I yield the floor.   