 Mr. President, I want to start by thanking Chairman Wyden  for his leadership on a range of issues that are important to  vulnerable Americans, Medicaid being in the lead of that.   Over and over again, Chairman Wyden has led us to ensure that we  don't provide the kind of cuts that have been proposed in this debate  about the next steps on ensuring that America doesn't default. And  there is no question that not just people on both sides of the aisle  but the American people want us to ensure that we do not default.   The consequences of default--I won't itemize them. I think Americans  are well familiar with them, but the consequences of default in a word  would be ``catastrophic'' for every family, for every community in the  country, and the consequences are too numerous to cite for tonight's  purposes.   But here is the problem: Even as most Americans want to take default  off the table--most Members of Congress do--there are still some  Members of the House, House Republicans, who want to keep default on  the table or, in order to agree with the consensus, their pathway to  avoiding default is to cut and cut and cut and decimate programs that  are important to vulnerable Americans.   They would cut tens of billions, for example, from the Supplemental  Nutrition Assistance Program, and the TANF Program, the Temporary  Assistance for Needy Families Program, and the Children's Health  Insurance Program. There are tens of billions just in those programs  alone.   And then, as Chairman Wyden made reference to, Medicaid. The proposed  cuts by House Republicans would devastate so many Americans who rely  upon Medicaid: children, seniors, people with disabilities.   It would also, at the same time, not just be cuts of millions or tens  of millions, it would be a $100 billion cut to Medicaid over 10 years.  That is the proposal. That is what we are supposed to accept as the  only pathway, the only pathway to avoiding default.   Everyone knows that is a lie. Everyone knows that that is throwing  sand in the eyes of the people so that they can't see the truth right  in front of them. We must reject any bill that will increase poverty  and take away healthcare from Americans.   What is Medicaid? I think we found out a lot more about what that  program means to so many Americans over the last 10 years, when there  were proposals over and over again to cut by 10 billion a year or 20  billion or 50 billion a year, proposed by House Republicans over and  over again.   Medicaid tells us who we are as a people, as a country. It also tells  us whom--whom--we value. We value our children, whether they live in  rural areas or small towns or in cities or suburban communities. We  value those children. And that is what Medicaid is all about, making  sure those children have healthcare.   We value people with disabilities. We say to ourselves as a people,  we have to help folks who have a disability so they can lead a full  life. Medicaid does that by providing healthcare to people with  disabilities, especially children with disabilities. We found that out  in a very real way when we were debating the proposal right here on the  Senate floor in the summer of 2017.   When some said we should get rid of the Patient Protection and  Affordable Care Act, the consequence of that, of course, was to  devastate children on Medicaid who have disabilities.   Thirdly, of course, Medicaid tells us who we are because it protects  seniors; it provides healthcare for seniors; it allows seniors to have  long-term care. Now the same crowd, Members of Congress, who were  proposing cutting Medicaid by $100 billion over the 10 years, that is  the same crowd who voted on a tax bill in 2017. Right around  Christmastime, in December of 2017, they voted and passed a tax bill  that gave away the store to very wealthy Americans and big  corporations.   Now, they didn't have any compunction then about revenue. They said:  We have got plenty of revenue so we are going to cut taxes for wealthy  people and big corporations.   Now they come to us and say: Oh, we need to make cuts. We need to  make cuts, and the cuts go to programs that help the most vulnerable.   Here is what Medicaid does for three groups of Americans: It makes it  possible for one-third of all women in the United States of America to  receive consistent, comprehensive prenatal care to increase the  likelihood of having a healthy baby born at full term.   The House Republican bill puts one-third of pregnant women at risk of  losing--losing--prenatal care. Here is what it means for Pennsylvanian  families, women, and their children: About 43,700 births in the State  of Pennsylvania each year are paid for by Medicaid, covered by the  Medicaid Program. So that is one-third of Pennsylvanians or Americans  who happen to be women who are pregnant.   Second, Medicaid provides healthcare and services for about half-- about 45 percent--of all the adults in the country with disabilities.  That is 10 million people in America who are benefited directly by the  Medicaid Program.   The House Republican bill would expand the waiting list for home- and  community-based services for seniors and people with disabilities. That  is what they would do, make that waiting list, which is intolerably too  long right now, make that longer.   Third, Medicaid pays for two-thirds of all long-term care for older  adults who need nursing home or home care services. Again, the  Republican House bill would cut funds for two-thirds of  [[Page S1643]]  older adults who live in nursing homes or in their own homes with  support.   What does that mean for Pennsylvanians? About 63 percent of nursing  home residents use Medicaid as their primary payor. They couldn't get  into a nursing home. They would not have long-term care absent the  Medicaid Program, but House Republicans want to cut that program.    In our State, nearly 3.7 million people rely upon either the Medicaid  Program or the Children's Health Insurance Program, 3.7 million  Pennsylvanians, and yet even some Members of the Pennsylvania  delegation in the House want to cut the Medicaid Program.   The Republican bill passed by the House would put a million  Pennsylvanians at risk of losing Medicaid immediately--1 million  Pennsylvanians. So let's take default off the table. Yes, take it off  the table.   But let's also take off the table cuts to Medicaid, cuts to the SNAP  program, the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Program, as well  as the Children's Health Insurance Program.   These programs, and especially for purposes of tonight's focus on  Medicaid, tell us who we are as a country and whom we value. I think we  can do better than what has been proposed on the House side.   We can avoid default and make sure we are meeting our obligations,  not just to the Nation, in terms of our economy, but meeting our  obligations to our families, the most vulnerable families in our  Commonwealth and in our country.   I yield the floor.   