 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I offer an amendment to H.R. 4820, the  Transportation, Housing and Urban Development and Related Agencies  Fiscal Year 2024 appropriations bill.   My amendment is simple. It expresses Congress' support for public  housing authorities to conduct drug testing as a condition of receiving  benefits.   My colleagues across the aisle will argue that the purpose of this  amendment is to punish. I want to be clear: The purpose of this  amendment is to protect. It is to protect taxpayer-funded resources and  ensure that they are available for those who truly need them and are  prepared to make positive contributions to society.   Drug testing would put drug abusers on notice and provide a clear  incentive to get off of drugs and to work toward self-sufficiency.   Shouldn't that be something we all support?   We must have protections in place and tools to enforce them which  discourage lifelong dependency and ensure these programs are used as  they are intended, as a temporary safety net for our most vulnerable  and needy, not a way of life for generations.   I am under no illusion that drug testing alone would solve all the  problems of abuse and dependency that plague our welfare system.  However, I do believe that any tool that helps to accomplish this goal  should be fully leveraged and fully supported by Congress.   Drugs are absolutely ravaging our country. It can be seen in every  community. In 2020, over 37 million Americans 12 years and older--think  about it, 12 years and older--were illegal drug users.   As a first responder, I have seen the devastation and impact of drug  abuse on individuals, their families, and our communities. We have a  real drug problem on our hands in this country, and it is not getting  any better with this administration's border policies which allow  massive quantities of illicit drugs, including fentanyl, to pour into  our country.   Not only would drug testing ensure the responsible use of taxpayer- funded benefits, it would also provide a valuable opportunity to  identify drug users and connect them with existing resources to get the  help that they need.   Voting against this amendment ignores the obligation we have to the  American people to be responsible stewards of their hard-earned  taxpayer money.   Voting for this amendment sends a clear message to each of our  constituents: Protecting Federal resources for those who wish to  improve their lives and break free from the cycle of dependency is a  priority of Congress.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   