 Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Madam Chair, we are going to use $100 million, to use  the Senate's number, to influence what should be a local decisionmaking  process on zoning for affordable housing.   We all support affordable housing. That is not really the issue. The  issue is who is going to make the zoning decisions within each and  every location and jurisdiction throughout this country. We don't  believe that it should be the Federal Government imposing its will on  local government in those zoning decisions. That should be up to the  locals.   Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``no,'' and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, let me reiterate that Washington  bureaucrats ought not be getting into the zoning business of local  jurisdictions across the United States with $100 million to influence  folks to make decisions that may not be in the best interests of those  in the community.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote  ``no'' on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Chair, the CDBG program is one of the few opportunities that  the Federal Government has where we actually take taxpayer dollars and  send them back to the State and local governments to use the way they  see fit.   That is the reason I rise in opposition to this amendment. This will  cut $13 million just from the State of Florida and a little over $4  million just from my district alone.   Madam Chair, having been in local government as a sheriff for 12  years, I can say that CDBG was a tremendous opportunity to help public  safety in the way that our community needed assistance. It wasn't a  mandate down from bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. It was an opportunity  to take tax dollars, return them to the taxpayer, and allow their  elected representatives to decide how best to use that money.   For that reason, I am opposed to the gentleman's amendment, and I ask  all my colleagues to vote ``no.''    Mr. Chairman, I just have to say that across the  board 57 percent--and it does look like we are going above the 2023  numbers, but actually we had to start off with a cut of about $8  billion to fill a hole that was caused by last year's Democratic budget  gimmicks and the disasters of the Biden economic plan.   We reduced wasteful spending funding across 19 different DOT and HUD  grant programs. We have right-sized spending for transportation  infrastructure. We have prioritized two things in this bill:  transportation safety and housing assistance for vulnerable Americans.  That is where the focus lies.   We have cut significantly from the 2023 numbers. Cutting this bill  through indiscriminate across-the-board cuts really abdicates our  responsibility to make sure that we are protecting the priorities of  this Nation in transportation safety and housing for America's most  vulnerable.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``no'' on this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I am very supportive of this amendment. The gentlewoman  has been leading on this topic for quite a while through the REINS Act.  I have to tell you, Mr. Chairman, I think this is one of the two areas  that most threaten our democracy right now, and that is rulemaking in  executive orders that absolutely go around our Article I authority here  in this body.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. I would love to  see it in every bill that we pass in appropriations.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this amendment. Let me reiterate the  point that was just made that this is such a break from the norm in the  evaluation of these antitrust analyses going forward. DOJ has had that  responsibility.   I particularly thank the gentleman for really staying on top of this.  This is clearly an overreach by the Biden administration, and I thank  the gentleman for that.    Mr. Chairman, I fully support the gentleman's  amendment. In fact, in the underlying bill, we have included in section  126 a prohibition on the Department of Transportation from imposing  requirements on State and local governments to prove emission  reductions as a condition of receiving funds.   Nonetheless, the gentleman's amendment is even more comprehensive,  which I support, because it would cover programs across this entire  bill and several of the Biden executive orders that would harm our  economy.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage all of our colleagues to vote ``yes'' on  this amendment.   