 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today, the United States is facing  perhaps the greatest range of security threats both here at home and  abroad that we have seen in a long time. Here at home, of course, our  southern border has become a major security liability that is being  exploited by terrorists, drug traffickers, and, of course, human  smugglers. In the Middle East, our close ally Israel is defending its  right to exist following a brutal and unprovoked attack by the  terrorist group Hamas. In Europe, Ukraine continues to defend itself in  the wake of Russia's unprovoked invasion, which was nearly 2 years ago.  In the Indo-Pacific, China's aggressive, belligerent behavior has  threatened the stability of the entire region and the future of Taiwan.  So there is a lot at stake, and the eyes of the world are firmly on the  United States of America.   You know, I know sometimes people say: Well, we don't want the United  States to be the world's policeman. And certainly that is true. But the  fact is that there is no other nation that can actually lead the  democracies in the world to a greater path of security and safety. We  know that when the United States does not lead, then that is perceived  as a sign of weakness and a lack of resolution, and that, I think, has  contributed to where we find ourselves today with this tremendous array  of diverse threats.   So there is a lot at stake, and the eyes of the world are on the  United States. Terrorists and dictators, from Kim Jong Un to President  Xi in China, to Vladimir Putin, to the Supreme Leader in Iran--all of  them are watching to see how the United States responds when our  friends and our allies become victims of authoritarian aggression. Will  we brush these conflicts aside as meaningless, regional quarrels or  will we lock arms with our friends and allies and commit to defeating  evil in all its forms?   I am glad that the overwhelming consensus in Congress is that the  only possible option is to respond with strength. Last week, the House  of Representatives passed a bill to strengthen America's support for  Israel while cutting wasteful government spending. That legislation  provided $14.3 billion in aid to Israel.   I am disappointed that President Biden, first thing out of the chute,  threatened to veto the bill. Senator Schumer went so far as to call it  a joke. So $14.3 billion for Israel while it is under perhaps an  existential threat by Iran and its proxies, and the majority leader of  the U.S. Senate calls that $14.3 billion a joke? I don't think there is  anything funny about the strong desire that most of us have to support  our ally while protecting the long-term financial health of our  country.   The Nation's debt has skyrocketed over the last few years and now  exceeds $33.6 trillion. The interest on that debt alone will cost  American taxpayers more than $677 billion this year alone.  Increasingly, we are seeing the amount of money we have to pay to the  bondholders that own our debt creep up to approach the amount of  spending we provide for the Department of Defense. And we know this is  going to get worse and worse until it gets better. Congress simply  cannot continue to spend and spend with no regard for the consequences.   Years ago, Admiral Mullen, who was Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of  Staff,  [[Page S5350]]  said something that at the time I found a little odd. He said our  greatest national security threat is our national debt. But, as we have  come to see, those are wise words, because as the interest we have to  pay to those who own our debt continues to grow with the size of that  debt, that means less and less money is available for priorities here  at home and for priorities to help prevent wars and aggression around  the world.   Nowhere is this more apparent now than with the $677 billion we are  paying not for some program that we could agree is important here at  home or to provide border security or to help arm Ukrainians in their  fight for survival against the Russian invasion; that money is gone to  the bondholders, the people who own that debt. We just cannot continue  down that path without further endangering, as Admiral Mullen wisely  said years ago. This has created a national security threat we cannot  ignore as well. We have an obligation to make tough decisions to right  the ship, and this is as good an opportunity as any to start making  progress.   Despite the majority leader's current refusal to allow a vote on the  House bill--that is his current position, one I hope will change--the  fact remains, we do need to take action. The Senate must find a path  forward to strengthen our support for Israel and Ukraine while making  meaningful steps to address the out-of-control crisis at our southern  border. Senate Republicans are discussing ways to do this in a thorough  and thoughtful manner, and I expect that to remain a focus of our work  for the next couple of weeks.   This is an important and long-overdue debate, but it cannot distract  from our other fundamental responsibilities to support our Nation's  security. We have other longstanding tasks that need to be completed,  starting with the National Defense Authorization Act. That bill passed  the Senate in July with overwhelming bipartisan support by a vote of 86  to 11.   This year's Defense bill helps replenish our defense stockpiles-- something that has been exposed, the inadequacy of our defense  industrial base, and our ability to replenish those stockpiles is very  much in question and needs to be addressed. This year's National  Defense Authorization Act does that. It also supports modernization  efforts across the board, from the nuclear triad to next-generation  weapons. It will help us regain a credible military deterrent by  investing in modernized aircraft, weapons, and facilities. These were  the important goals when the National Defense Authorization bill passed  the Senate 3 months ago, and they are even more critical now.    Despite the fact that the Senate and the House each passed a version  of the NDAA, as it is called, we have yet to formally begin the  conference process where those differences can be worked out and where  that bill can be signed into law. This legislation should have reached  the President's desk earlier, but we are now a month past the due date  and watching a new war unfold in the Middle East. So it is absolutely  critical that we get the NDAA conference process moving as soon as  possible.   As the Senate and the House prepare to iron out the differences  between the two bills, there are two items in particular that I have  been fighting to include. One is called outbound investment  transparency, which was included in the Senate bill but not the House  bill.   Senator Casey from Pennsylvania and I offered our bipartisan bill as  an amendment to the Defense authorization bill here in the Senate, and  it was adopted by a vote of 91 to 6. The reason this measure receives  such strong bipartisan support is because it provides much needed  visibility into a looming national security threat.   We know that American investors have been sending capital  intellectual property and some of our cutting-edge innovation to China  by investing in that country, but unfortunately, as we have learned,  the Chinese Communist Party, which controls that country, basically is  using that investment from American investors to fuel its economic and  military rise.   At the end of 2020, U.S. investments in Chinese companies totaled  $2.3 trillion in market value. That includes $21 billion in  semiconductors, $54 billion in military companies, and a whopping $221  billion in artificial intelligence. Those are enterprises that are  being funded by U.S. investment in China, which is now turning out to  be our near-peer competitor and a threat to stability not only in Asia  but worldwide. Intentionally or not, American companies are investing  in products and capabilities that one day could be turned against us.   A recent investigation by Newsweek uncovered another grave cause for  concern. Private U.S. entities aren't the only ones fueling China's  rise; taxpayer-funded research is being exploited by the Chinese  Communist Party. The scientist who is now at the forefront of China's  artificial intelligence development received at least $30 million in  Federal grants--U.S. Federal Government grants--through the Pentagon  and the National Science Foundation. He received this amount of funding  from American taxpayers as he built up a parallel research system in  China.   The United States, simply stated, cannot continue to bankroll China's  economic and military rise, and that is why this outbound investment  transparency provision that Senator Casey and I have authored and which  is included in the Senate version of the NDAA is so important.   This legislation requires U.S. companies to notify the Department of  the Treasury of certain investments in China and other countries of  concern. This is a targeted measure. It only applies to sensitive  technologies like semiconductors, artificial intelligence, hypersonics,  and other capabilities that can ultimately be used against the United  States.   To be clear, this does not stop investments from happening or  interfere with the free market. It is strictly about transparency. It  is about visibility. It will help us as policymakers see and understand  the threats from China and other countries of concern so we can respond  accordingly. I don't care how much American investors want to build a  Burger King or Starbucks in China, but I do care if they are investing  in cutting-edge technology that is going to be used to compete against  the United States, either economically or militarily.   The second provision I am fighting to include is an extension of  something called lend-lease authority, which expired at the end of  September. This provision was created by legislation I introduced with  Senator Cardin from Maryland which is modeled after a similarly named  program in World War II. But this is called the Ukraine Democracy  Defense Lend-Lease Act, and it was signed into law in May of last year.  It was rooted in the same principle as the World War II provision,  which allowed the United States to supply Great Britain and other  allies with military resources during World War II. President Roosevelt  at the time vowed to transform the United States into the arsenal of  democracy, as he called it, and the Lend-Lease Act is how he did it.   As I said, Senator Cardin and I introduced this bipartisan  legislation to remove some of the big bureaucratic hurdles that prevent  us or slow us down from providing Ukrainian forces with the weapons  they need, when they need them. Given the level of aid being provided  by Congress for Ukraine, the Biden administration hasn't explicitly  used that authority granted under that bill, but it doesn't mean it is  not needed now.   Ukraine has committed to doing what it needs to do to defeat this  invasion by Russia, but it will need additional assistance from the  United States and our other allies in order to succeed. We all know  that Ukraine's arsenal is shrinking, and it has asked the United States  and other democracies around the world for additional aid, but the path  forward, as we all know, is extremely muddy.   There is broad bipartisan support for the fact that America should  support Ukraine, but there is growing concern over the cost of that  assistance. That is why this legislation is so important. Lend-Lease is  not a blank check. It gives the administration the option to lease or  rent defense articles to Ukraine, just like we did Great Britain in  World War II. This legislation will allow us to answer Ukraine's call  to provide more of what they need and ensure it is done in a fiscally  responsible way.  [[Page S5351]]    Over the last several months, the United States has provided Ukraine  with unprecedented defense aid--Javelins, Stingers, grenade launchers,  small arms, tanks, ammunition, and much more. These weapons have  allowed the brave Ukrainians to punch above their weight against the  Russian Army, which was once thought to be among the strongest in the  world.   Additional American and allied assistance is vital to Ukraine's  ultimate success, and we need to reauthorize the Lend-Lease authority  as part of the Defense Authorization Act. This provision was included  also in the House's NDAA, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to  fight for its inclusion in the final version of the bill.   Given the threats democracies are facing around the world, there  could not be a more important time to prioritize America's defense. The  National Defense Authorization Act, which I believe has been signed  into law for 60-plus years in a row, should have already been signed  into law before the end of September. Given the threats we face around  the world, it is absolutely crucial that we finish the job as soon as  possible.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   