 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last weekend, the New York Times ran a  story entitled ``How a Drug Company Made $114 Billion by Gaming the  U.S. Patent System.'' This is an infuriating account of how a  pharmaceutical company maintained a monopoly on a popular drug and the  impact it has had on patients and taxpayers.   The company is AbbVie, and the drug is Humira, one of the most widely  prescribed drugs in the world. It is an anti-inflammatory medication  that is commonly used to treat arthritis and other conditions.   Despite the fact that Humira has been available for two decades, its  first competitor didn't hit the market until earlier this week. That  wasn't due to a lack of interest by other companies or an inability to  produce the biosimilar that could earn Food and Drug Administration  approval. It was because AbbVie used a maze of overlapping patents and  an aggressive litigation strategy to stave off any competition.   Unsurprisingly, this led to big earnings for the company--$114  billion in revenue since 2016--and it has come at a high cost to  patients who rely on this drug to maintain their health. The list price  for Humira is more than $80,000 per year, per patient. That is higher  than the median household income in Texas.   So depending on the patient's insurance, that price could be lowered  significantly for the consumer or the patient themselves. A woman in  Kentucky said her employer's health insurance plan kept her payments at  around $60 a year. But, of course, we know that, if the insurance  company is paying retail or some negotiated price, ultimately that  price is going to be passed along in terms of higher insurance premiums  for the consumer.   So there is a lot of bait and switch going on here. Once she retired  and switched to Medicare, the cost skyrocketed to $8,000 a year. So her  private insurance kept her payments to $60 a year, but when she changed  to Medicare, it went to $8,000 a year. This is, again, part of the  shell game in healthcare and in pharmaceuticals.   I can't imagine anyone living on a fixed income who could afford such  an expensive drug. The good news, at least for this specific drug, is  that, at long last, Humira's monopoly has come to an end. Earlier this  week, the first biosimilar came to market, and more are expected later  this year.   Humira is one of the most egregious examples of patent abuse, but it  is far from the only one. Other pharmaceutical companies are engaging  in this practice every day, and there is nothing to prevent others from  using this same playbook. I hope that will change soon.   Earlier this week, Senator Blumenthal, the Senator from Connecticut,  and I reintroduced a bill called the Affordable Prescriptions for  Patients Act to put an end to this anticompetitive practice that keeps  drug prices artificially high.   There are two practices in particular that this bill will address.  One is called patent thicketing--patent thicketing--which involves  building layers upon layers of patents to prevent competitors from ever  hitting the market. That is what AbbVie did with Humira. The company  has--or has had, until just now, with its monopoly ending--as many as  134 active patents for a single drug--134 patents.   Now, I am a firm believer in the patent system. I believe we ought to  protect investments made in cutting-edge and lifesaving drugs, and we  ought to reward those who invent these lifesaving drugs with an  exclusive right to sell it for a period of time. That is what the  patent law does, and it incentivizes more and more people--more and  more scientists and medical researchers--to come up with new lifesaving  drugs.   But getting 134 patents on the same drug should outrage all of us.  Like I said, this drug has been available for 20 years. AbbVie has  spent years and exorbitant amounts of money, but, apparently, they  still profited. They spent a lot of money fighting competition off in  court, all to maintain control of the market on this drug.   Like I said, patents and exclusivity periods are not inherently bad.  Discovering new cures is a time-, labor-, and money-intensive process,  and we don't want to discourage that. Before a company spends years and  hundreds of millions--or even billions--of dollars researching a new  cure, conducting clinical trials, and undergoing the regulatory review,  it needs to know that it can recoup its investment and maybe--just  maybe--make a profit.   And many of the new drugs that are invented and tried do not succeed.  So success is certainly not guaranteed. That is why the United States  offers robust protections for intellectual property through the patent  system.    The patent system gives innovators the confidence they need to invest  their time and resources into research and development. Once that new  innovative drug hits the market, the manufacturer can enjoy a limited  time period as the sole supplier before generic versions become  available or other competitors.   Patents are the key behind the incredible medical innovation that  occurs here in the United States, and we need to find the right balance  between stopping the bad actors who will game the system and, at the  same time, encouraging the development of future cures.   I believe the bipartisan bill that Senator Blumenthal and I are  reintroducing strikes that balance. It places a reasonable limit on the  number of patents that a manufacturer can contest. That will deter  gamesmanship while preserving the incentives necessary for the patent  system and for innovation.   The other anticompetitive behavior this bill will address is  something called product hopping, which occurs when a company develops  a reformulation of a product that is about to lose exclusivity and then  pulls the original product off the market.   This is done not because the new formula is more effective but  because it prevents generic competitors. One example is the drug  Namenda, which is used by patients with Alzheimer's, a terrible  disease. Near the end of the exclusivity period, the manufacturer  switched from a twice-daily drug to a once-daily drug. It didn't change  the  [[Page S219]]  basic molecules. It just changed the prescribed dosage and taking,  instead of twice a day, to once a day.   That move prevented pharmacists from being able to switch patients to  a lower cost generic, even though it is just as effective, so the  company could continue to profit. The Affordable Prescriptions for  Patients Act puts an end to this practice by expressly prohibiting  manufacturers from engaging in product hopping. It also facilitates  market entry for generics and biosimilars, which lead to more options  and lower prices for patients.   These reforms are, obviously, desperately needed. Patients in Texas  and across the country are experiencing sticker shock at the pharmacy  counter like never before. Many have tried to ration their critical  medications, for example, in order to make them last longer. Some have  been priced out of their medications entirely.   There is a clear need for Congress to step in and address the blatant  abuse of the patent system, and I am optimistic that we will be able to  do something important about it.   The Judiciary Committee will hold a markup next Thursday to consider  this legislation and other bipartisan proposals to address sky-high  drug prices. Last Congress, the Affordable Prescriptions for Patients  Act passed the Judiciary Committee with unanimous bipartisan support,  and I hope we will see the same level of support this go-round.   Over the last few years, we have held many hearings and advanced many  drug pricing bills to the Senate floor, but, unfortunately, progress  seems to often end there. We haven't had much success in getting those  bills through the House and signed into law. I think I can speak on  behalf of colleagues on both sides of the aisle and say I hope this  year is different.   I have heard from many Texans who are frustrated by the lack of lower  priced generic drugs. Given the impact of inflation on family budgets,  that strain has only grown greater over the last few years. So there is  a bipartisan desire to stop the anticompetitive behaviors that I have  described here today that are costing patients and taxpayers a fortune,  and I hope we can make progress this Congress and finally put a stop to  some of the gamesmanship.   Senator Blumenthal and I are committed to moving our bipartisan bill  across the finish line, and we are eager to have others of our  colleagues join us by cosponsoring this bill. But more important than  that, it is important we actually get it across the finish line, get it  through the House, and get it to the President's desk. So I hope this  bill will continue to receive broad bipartisan support, and I am happy  to work with anyone who has ideas to help us get there.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   