 Mr. President, debt is front and center in the national  conversation again. That is entirely reasonable. We have a debt ceiling  conversation right now about America taking care of our debts and our  responsibilities, which we are a responsible nation, and we are going  to do. But we should also have a grownup conversation about our  spending to say: Are we spending on our priorities? Because when you  have $31 trillion--actually, scratch that--$31.4 trillion because $400  billion is not a rounding error--$31.4 trillion in total national debt,  we should pay attention to this, especially when we are currently  adding $1 trillion in new debt every single year, and it continues to  accelerate.   Recently, someone asked me: When does it get hard? When do we pass  the point?   And I actually had to painfully say to them: 10 years ago because in  the last 10 years, our debt has continued to accelerate like a rock  rolling downhill, and it is going to be harder and harder to be able to  manage this. At some point, we have got to be able to stop and say:  Inflation is going up; challenges that are in our economy are  increasing; we are spending almost as much on interest as we are on  defense. At what point do we stop and say: We have got to be able to  fix this?   Well, I have a perspective. The first step on actually talking about  debt and deficit is actually taking it seriously and saying: What are  we spending on that is a priority, and what are we spending on that is  not a priority? Again, it is not unreasonable to be able to say that  would be nice to do, but we don't have the money to do that. Let's set  that aside.   And for whatever reason, in this town, anytime you talk about  reducing spending of whatever percentage or whatever amount, everyone  freaks out immediately, like, oh, you can't; there is no way we can  reduce spending in government.   So we started, 7 years ago, a habit of our staff that we produce a  book called ``Federal Fumbles.'' Every year we put out the ``Federal  Fumbles'' guide, and that is just a set of ideas to say these are areas  we believe the Federal Government has dropped the ball.   The Federal Government, and our Agencies, we had a responsibility to  handle American taxpayer dollars prudently and wisely, but that didn't  happen. So we asked the question: Is this really what we need to spend  for? In a nation that is keeping up with our infrastructure, of our  national defense, of education, of so many different expenses, and  things that are truly governmental, we asked a simple question: With  $31.4 trillion in total debt, is that what we need to spend our dollars  on?   Now, just to set context because, again, this is difficult to be able  to do, when you talk about millions and billions and trillions, it gets  easy to go, those all sound alike. So they are similar. So people throw  out millions of dollars or billions of dollars or trillions of dollars,  and you just think, OK, I don't even understand what that is anymore.   So I break it down, as I have in the past--I break it down to seconds  because that is something I can understand. A million seconds is 12  days--12 days. That is a million seconds. A billion seconds is 32  years.   So there is a big difference between a million and a billion: 12 days  in 32 years; a trillion seconds is almost 32,000 years.   So let me knock that past us again. A million seconds is 12 days; a  billion seconds, 32 years; a trillion seconds, almost 32,000 years.   And to put this into context of $31.4 trillion in total debt, that is  995,000 years--almost a million years of seconds--to get to $31.4  trillion.   The numbers here are large, and they are overwhelming. So again, why  don't we talk about ways that we can actually save money. My reasonable  conversation with ``Federal Fumbles'' every year is just to say: Let's  talk about it. Is this really how we want to be able to spend  Americans' taxpayers dollars?   We set up a top 10 list that we listed out some of the things that we  just say, OK, of the 50 different examples--and we don't try to go into  every single spending area, but we lay out in the guide for fumbles 50  different examples and just try to ask the question: Is this the best  way to be able to spend America's dollars? Again, we have all got  different perspectives and different ideas on it. I am just asking the  question.   For instance, last year, the State Department did a grant to Ecuador  to host 12 drag shows in Ecuador with American tax dollars. Now, we may  have different opinions in this room on drag shows. I am just asking  the simple question: Is the best use of American tax dollars to  actually fund drag shows in Ecuador with U.S. tax dollars? I don't  believe that it is.   Last year, we actually did a different funding through the State  Department that was actually done--actually, this was the National  Science Foundation. Excuse me. Strike that. It seems like a State  Department thing. The National Science Foundation last year did a study  of butterflies in Europe. So we funded, with American taxpayer dollars,  a butterfly study in Germany where we paid a Swedish scientist to study  butterflies in Germany.    I am not real sure American tax dollars was the best use of that, but  that was one of the grants that was done last year.   Last year, there was also an NEA grant that was done to set up a  display in Brooklyn for the Sergeant Pepper's  [[Page S1720]]  Lonely Hearts Club Band, which, by the way, is not even an American  band. And I am not sure why we had to pay Federal tax dollars to be  able to do that. My simple question is always: Why are tax dollars  being taken out of Oklahoma to be able to do that?   Always popular, we had a $350,000 grant to study smart toilets. That  was one of the grants that we actually paid for with our Federal tax  dollars last year.   We also had a grant that was done studying Colonial Mexican  Soundscapes. I am sure Colonial Mexican Soundscapes are fascinating,  but we paid for a researcher to travel to Mexico and then to be able to  write a series about the sounds of Colonial Mexico and how they could  be used to be able to influence communities.   We, last year, did a study on helmets and seatbelts in Ghana to be  able to study whether seatbelts and helmets were effective for saving  lives in Ghana. Can I just go ahead and answer that question for free?  Seatbelts and helmets are a good idea. They save lives--free. I can go  ahead and give you that advice.   How do I know that? Because we have already spent millions of dollars  in other studies here in the United States, but, instead, we spent  money in Ghana studying helmets to see if they are actually a good idea  there. And amazingly, they discovered, yes, they are.   There was also a grant that was done last year--I have to just walk  this one through. This was at the Springfield Art Museum in Missouri.  There was a grant to be on a display, an installation of the exhibit at  a museum called ``Yoko Ono: Mend Piece.''   Now, let me just read this to you. It is a simple white room where  shattered cups and saucers are placed on a table and participants are  asked to mend the fragments together using common household items like  twine, glue, scissors, and tape, and the resulting works are displayed  on nearby shelves as evidence of the power of collective action.   Again, I am not opposed to fixing broken saucers in a public place  and displaying them. All I am asking is: Why did Oklahomans work  overtime last year to pay their tax bill to fund doing the Yoko Ono  white room, where people fixed broken saucers? I don't have a good  answer for that yet, by the way. I am still trying to be able to get  that.   If you like wine country, great. You helped pay for it--one of the  highest income areas in the world is Napa Valley, CA--one of the  highest income areas in the entire world.   The good folks of Oklahoma helped pay for a wine pedestrian trail  through Napa Valley because apparently Napa Valley didn't have enough  cash to be able to pay for the 8-mile walking trail through wine  country--some of the most expensive real estate in the entire world. So  the taxpayers in Oklahoma had to pay for that wine country tour trail.   If you like traveling to Hawaii, enjoy the trip. When you get there,  if you go to a farmers market, you will find out that you helped pay  for that farmers market because the farmers markets in Hawaii received  $3.4 million to be able to fund the farmers markets.   If you go to New York City and pay for a very high-dollar ticket to  get into a private location in the Metropolitan Opera to be able to  watch the opera, you will feel safer, I am sure, when you go to the  Metropolitan Opera because almost three-quarters of a million dollars  was given to the Metropolitan Opera in New York to help them install a  new fire-suppression system with Federal tax dollars.   If you like traveling to Paris and you go to a butcher shop in Paris,  you may be fascinated to know that since the 13th century, apparently  butchers in Paris have come up with their own private language. It is  like a supersecret private language among butchers in Paris. It is  fascinating for the French to study, but unfortunately the American  taxpayers paid for a study of French butchers' private language for  fear that it is diminishing and fading away. So American tax dollars  paid for this study in France to study the secret language of butchers  in Paris. I can't tell you why.   You may know the story of the--let me see if I can pull this out--the  parable of the sower. It is a famous Biblical story, the parable of the  sower. This particular version of the parable of the sower was actually  a little bit different. What your tax dollars paid for is actually an  event that was done to teach climate futurism and to be able to use the  parable of the sower from the Bible but to reteach a new religion  called Earthseed, using the Biblical story of the parable of the sower  and talking about humanity's destiny to be able to leave Earth for  other planets. It wasn't the writing of a book; it was a conference for  teachers to make sure teachers know how to teach this new version of  the parable of the sower and about the religion of Earthseed to their  kids. That was done with your tax dollars.   Not leaving Ghana alone, there was also a study done in Ghana last  year--not only did we do one on seatbelt studies and helmet studies in  Ghana, we also did an interview project that was almost $200,000 in  Ghana to interview taxicab drivers and truckdrivers to ask them about  how difficult driving has become with climate change, if it is harder  to drive now in Ghana based on climate change. Your tax dollars paid  for that.   If you don't like that I am discussing anything on climate change and  you may disagree with that, well, perfect, because there was also a  fund that was done with your tax dollars in the National Science  Foundation to study how to influence people who disagree on the issue  of climate change, with a study that was done for $400,000. It was a  study on pluralistic ignorance gaps in climate change and to be able to  determine how to speak to people, as the study says, who are  ``ignorant'' on climate change and to be able to reeducate them on  that. So if you disagree on this issue, we are also studying how to be  able to reeducate you on this issue.   Last year, we also spent $991 million on soft-sided facilities--those  are called tents--along our border with Mexico. Now, best estimates on  this: There are about 2 million people who illegally crossed the border  last year. If you run the numbers on it, we spent somewhere around $500  a person on the tent facility they were processed through just to  travel across the border.   Listen, we have differences of opinion on lots of issues. I am  respectful of that. I understand the people of Oklahoma don't think  like people in other areas of the country. I also understand that not  everyone in Oklahoma thinks the same way, and I am respectful of that.  But I have yet to find anyone who wants their tax dollars wasted.  People literally work overtime to be able to feed their families. They  are working two and three jobs. In April, when they pay their taxes,  they want to know it went to roads and infrastructure and national  security. What we reveal in ``Federal Fumbles'' is, yes, some of that  was done, but also some of it was done because we lacked oversight, and  things were just wasted and thrown out the door.   We did a multithousand-page omnibus bill at the end of last year that  literally no one had read--no one. There were no committee hearings in  the Senate on appropriations at all last year, and trillions of dollars  were spent, and no one knows what they were spent on.   We try to bring here some of the ways American tax dollars were  spent. I am not just complaining about it; we bring this up to say:  What are we going to do about it? Are we going to do more oversight, to  ask more questions, and to spend money on our priorities and not spend  money on what is not?   So we put out ``Federal Fumbles.'' You can go to the website  Lankford.senate.gov to be able to download it and to be able to look at  it. The goal of this is to get us all thinking about $31.4 trillion in  Federal debt. Can we focus on spending on our priorities and target  areas that are not?   Mr. President, can I do one quick addendum to my protracted speech on  ``Federal Fumbles''? I have a staff member named Phillip Moran who  worked like crazy this year actually pulling all these details together  and some other team members who really help me a tremendous amount to  do the research on this. As you can imagine, it is not one person who  does this. I have a fantastic team that works very hard on this.   I want to say from this floor so the Oklahomans back home can also  know,  [[Page S1721]]  there are some great people working for them every single day. I  appreciate that.   I yield the floor.   