 Madam President, one of the joys for me of serving here  is serving as the chair of the Environment and Public Works Committee,  right next to Ben Cardin and about two seats away from Sheldon  Whitehouse. And we appreciate your participation and leadership and  membership on our committee as well, Madam President.    We have a bunch of pages down here in the well--one, two, three,  four, five, six, seven, eight. They are high school juniors or seniors,  and they are probably like 16, 17, or maybe 18 years old. Pretty soon,  they are going to head out into the world and, hopefully, go on and do  bigger and better things than we have and than their parents and  grandparents have done. I want to make sure, and I think my colleagues  want to make sure, that they actually have a planet to grow up on and a  planet to grow old on.   When I was about their age, I became a Navy midshipman and raised my  right hand to defend the country and  [[Page S6017]]  the Constitution, in those days. I learned a little bit about  leadership when I was not much older than these guys. One of the things  I learned about leadership is the importance that leadership by example  is not ``do what I say'' but, rather, ``do what I do.''   One of the great things about going to the COP, with the leadership  of Senator Cardin and with our colleagues, was that we didn't just go  and sit and tell the rest of the world: Do x, y, or z.   We went and said: This is what we are doing, and this is why it is  important. We want you to join us in this.   And, more and more, folks around the country--around the world,  rather--are doing that. Today, I think the majority of Americans agree  that climate change actually is a major threat--maybe the major threat  facing our planet and the people who inhabit it. Every day, Americans  see the impacts of climate crises, particularly in the form of more  frequent and destructive storms throughout the--really, throughout the  planet.   A decade ago, the United States experienced, I am told, 10 weather  disasters--10--that cost at least a billion dollars each--10 that cost  at least a billion dollars each. This year, there have been 25--25--of  these billion-dollar events. That includes this summer's wildfire on  the Hawaiian island of Maui, which, tragically, took some 100 lives-- our Nation's deadliest wildfire in a century.   We also know that 2023 was not one of the hottest years on this  planet; it was the hottest year on our planet, without question.  Scientists tell us that global temperatures are going to keep rising if  we don't do more to transition away from fossil fuels.   So, Madam President, the question that I am asking myself and I think  we need to ask ourselves is, What are we going to do about it? And as  Senator Cardin and Senator Whitehouse have laid out, we are doing a  lot. Can we do more? Yes, we can do more. Are we going to do more? Yes,  we are going to do more.   We will hear from the chairman of the Finance Committee here in a  little bit, and he will talk a bit about the great work that has been  done under his leadership in the Finance Committee to make sure that we  follow through and build on what we have already done.   But the United States, while I think we are getting our act together  on this front, for a long time, we were the biggest emitter of  greenhouse gases on the planet--far and away the biggest--and I think  we have a moral obligation. Having put so much greenhouse gases up into  the air, I think we have a moral obligation to actually lead in the  reduction of emissions and make sure that these young people up here  and my grandchildren and your grandchildren and all have a planet to  grow up on.   I want to just commend Senator Cardin. I think he did a great job  leading our codel. It was an honor to be a part of that codel. I want  to say how much I enjoyed it. It was bipartisan. We ran into a bunch of  folks from the House of Representatives over there, Democrats and  Republicans. So it had a good bipartisan, bicameral feel, and we came  away and felt good about it--really good about it.   As for COP28, Senator Cardin has already mentioned this, but our  message to the rest of the world was that the United States is--I am  tempted to say ``once again,'' but I will just say is again--leading  the global effort to tackle the climate crisis, and my colleagues have  already mentioned a couple of ways that we are doing that.   It has been mentioned--Kigali. There may be good people at home  watching this saying: What in the world is Kigali? Well, it refers to a  treaty, a treaty that actually reduces the emission of something called  HFCs.   What are HFCs? My wife told me about a year or 2 ago: Stop talking  about HFCs. Nobody really cares about HFCs.   Well, here is why they do. They are refrigerants. We all have  refrigerators. We have air-conditioners. We have freezers and chillers  and coolers. And the ingredient that helps make all of those work is  HFCs, or hydrofluorocarbons. That is the good news: they work. It cools  things off. But the bad news is it is bad when those HFCs leak into the  atmosphere. They are 1,000 times more potent than carbon dioxide as a  greenhouse gas. I will say that again: 1,000 times more potent than  carbon dioxide as a greenhouse gas.   So the idea of reducing those and phasing out those HFCs is a big  deal. That is what we are doing. We are doing that. That one thing  alone is worth about half a degree centigrade toward meeting our goals  coming out of the Paris accords a year or 2 years ago. The agreement  out of Paris was 1\1/2\ degrees Celsius reduction, and from this one  thing alone with the HFCs, we are going to get a third of that.   Following that COP26, we put our heads down, and we got to work.  After months of intense negotiations, we passed the Inflation Reduction  Act. Big provisions in the legislation came out of our committee, Mr.  Chairman, which included almost $370 billion in incentives for clean  energy and climate change--the largest ever investment in climate  action and environmental justice. Where I come from, that is real  money, and, hopefully, we will do even more on that.   But soon after we had done that, the Senate came together on a  bipartisan basis to ratify the Kigali Amendment that I talked about.  That is a big deal, and we have to make sure that we actually implement  it as intended.   But, if taken together, these historic wins are advancing our  Nation's climate goals, and, importantly, they are also helping to  create hundreds of thousands--hundreds of thousands--of good-paying  clean-energy jobs in our country and many more around the world.   We have heard for years: We can't address climate change; we can't  address the warming of our planet and create jobs and economic  opportunity. Hogwash. We can do both. And if you look at the inflation  numbers, inflation is down. If you look at employment numbers,  employment numbers are up. And the work that we are doing on the  greenhouse gas side is going forward. So we are doing it all. We are  doing it all. But still, we are clear-eyed that there is more work to  be done. COP28 resulted in--Senator Cardin had mentioned that--a  historic global agreement that called for transitioning away from  fossil fuels which are causing global warming. And our success in  achieving our shared climate goals will depend on the actions we take  in the decade to come.    With that in mind, as chairman of the Environment and Public Works  Committee, I remain focused on overseeing the implementation of our  recent climate wins.   And over the next year, I hope we are going to build on our Nation's  climate goals, including advancing bipartisan legislation to strengthen  our Nation's nuclear industry--I think Senator Cardin may have referred  to that--and helping confirm President Biden's nominees for key  leadership posts.   I believe the last time I checked, nuclear energy is providing, I  don't know, a half or more than half of our carbon-free electricity in  this country. We have the potential to build on that, and we need to do  that. Hopefully, we will.   I want to close by words spoken down at the other Chamber. A couple  of years ago, French President Macron came and spoke to a bipartisan  House-Senate gathering. In talking to us about climate change and  global warming, he said: ``There is no planet B.'' That is what he  said: ``There is no planet B.''   This is the only planet we are going to have--no planet B. We have to  make every day count. And I think what we heard coming out of the  COP28, we have every intention of helping lead this planet to that  direction.   And with that, I yield the floor. I want to again thank Senator  Cardin and yield back to him, thanking him for terrific leadership in  the COP and so many other forums.    Madam President, I would like to be recognized for maybe  5 minutes to speak on behalf of the nomination of former Governor  Martin O'Malley. Senator Cardin and others have known Martin for a long  time; I have as well.   I think I met him when he was 18. He was part of an Irish folk group  that was performing not just around Maryland or around Baltimore but as  far away as Delaware--great places where people would come for great  music, Irish music, and maybe a drink or two. Martin, I think, was too  young to get in as a customer, but he could come in, apparently, as a  part of a troupe and provide entertainment.   I knew at that time he was a future Commissioner for Social  Security--not really.   Seriously, what I did know was he does pretty good harmony. In the  jobs he has had since then, he has demonstrated that again and again.  He and I both served as Governors of respective States part of  Delmarva. We were not Governors at the same time, but very close  together. He provided great leadership for our neighboring State of  Maryland as Governor for many years, and I was pleased to be not just  his colleague but just a friend.   The day I was sworn into the House of Representatives a million years  ago in 1983, we were told as freshmen at our orientation that Social  Security was running out of money and if somebody didn't do something  about it, eventually, there would be a haircut, benefits would be  reduced. And, ultimately, if we didn't take some strong action, there  would be a lot more than a haircut and we might even see those benefits  go away.   With strong bipartisan leadership from our President Ronald Reagan  and strong bipartisan leadership from the House Speaker with whom  Senator Wyden and I served, Tip O'Neill, we worked together to enact to  reform--a whole host of reforms, as you recall--that ended up saving  the Social Security Trust Fund.    Today, the Social Security Administration programs are an important  safety net that provide financial support for not just a couple of  million people but tens of millions of people in this country--mostly  people in their sixties, seventies, eighties, and nineties, but also  people who are disabled and not able to work, and in some cases,  children lose a parent in a tough situation.   I have known Martin forever and respect him in his leadership, not  only as a Governor but also as mayor of Baltimore and other State and  local jurisdictions. I think they make him exceptionally well-suited to  lead the administration in its efforts. As a Governor, you get to be  involved with a lot of retirement issues, a lot of pension issues for  not just the State employees in Delaware but with county and local  folks, educators, all kinds of people. In the State of Delaware, you  have to be conversant with health insurance benefits for people with  wide ranges of ages and needs. When you are Governor, you are trained  on the job. He has had excellent experience to help him prepare him for  this responsibility.   The other thing I want to mention is it is an interesting lineup of  organizations that have endorsed him and are supporting his nomination.  Some we would expect, but others come as sort of a surprise. This is  part of a large group. The International Brotherhood of Teamsters is  among them. Social Security Works is among them. The National Committee  to Preserve Social Security and Medicare is among them. But the list  goes on and on and on.   So from one recovering Governor--that is me--to another--that is  Martin--I want to thank Governor O'Malley for really extraordinary  service to our country and for doing it in a way that doesn't rub  people the wrong way--it doesn't create animosity--but in a way that  really fosters harmony, the kind of harmony his singing group used to  excel at all those years ago.   He will do a great job. He will make us proud. I know from my  colleagues in Maryland and others who served with him as Governor and  other capacities, we have already seen him in action, and we would be  hard-pressed to do better than Martin O'Malley.  [[Page S6020]]    I yield the floor.   