 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to  10 minutes prior to the scheduled rollcall vote.    Mr. President, I, too, rise to make known my concerns with  the administration's decision to terminate the use of title 42  authority to protect our borders. I particularly make this point at a  time at which it is clear that what was to follow the use of title 42  is not in place.   I visited the southern border with the Senator from Texas, who was  just speaking, in January. I had several additional visits to that  border while title 42 was in place. It was useful and valuable for me  to see the nature of the problem and the challenges over the last  several years. But it is also true that I can see the consequences of  what is taking place on our borders in my own home State of Kansas.   When I was at the border, I talked with Federal law enforcement  officials. They have risen to the challenge of apprehending and vetting  and documenting hundreds of thousands of migrants. However, the  situation at the southern border has been made more difficult for the  DEA to interdict the cartels and drug smugglers and for the FBI to vet  national security threats.   Repealing title 42 without having a robust plan of action has left  our law enforcement agents with a disastrous situation at the border.  Our Border Patrol agents and officers are being asked to be caretakers,  law enforcement, medical professionals, and so much more.   The fact of the matter is that our country does not have operational  control of the border, and it will continue to fail to do so if we  continue down the current path.   The U.S. Border Patrol apprehended more than 1 million migrants who  crossed illegally between just October and March, and it detained more  than 2.2 million migrants during all of fiscal year 2022. Agents have  been averaging about 1,100 arrests a day this month at the El Paso  sector, and on Wednesday of last week, more than 2,000 migrants were  arrested in the one section alone. Often, we think of border challenges  as being someone coming to take our jobs. Perhaps there is a component  of that, but we ought to be focused on terrorism, national security,  drugs, law enforcement, and human trafficking.   Fentanyl seizures at the southern border increased 48 percent in  April of 2022 compared to April of 2021. The situation at our southern  border is a danger to our national security as border agents are pulled  away to deal with the record number of migrants and are left without  the manpower to try and stop drug trafficking and human trafficking.   President Biden must act to ensure a stricter enforcement of our  immigration laws, reinstate the construction of a wall or fencing in  areas that are largely unprotected, and the administration must send a  message loud and clear that our border is closed to unlawful entrants.   The United States is a nation of migrants, and we are a nation of  refugees, but we are also a nation of law and order. Migrants who are  camping on the streets of El Paso, in scorching heat; mothers wading  across rushing rivers, clinging to their infants; and girls caught by  traffickers and cartels out in the desert are consequences of a  disastrous border policy.   The President's and his Secretary's handling of this crisis at the  southern border is unacceptable. Congress must work together to deliver  lasting solutions that secure our border, keep our communities safe,  and ensure the humane treatment of people.   Securing our southern border isn't a Republican or a Democratic  issue. It isn't a Texas or an Arizona issue. It isn't just a U.S. or a  Mexico issue. Every State is a border State, including my own of  Kansas.   If we truly want to help migrants, then we need to create a fair and  humane asylum process, and we need to stop the illegal crossings at the  southern border that undermine our laws and jeopardize our national  security. Americans--Kansans--are tired of paying the cost of inaction  to make any serious policy changes at the southern border.   The administration has made it clear that it is unwilling to take the  meaningful action necessary. While it is easy to criticize the  administration, let me also say that it also means that it is up to  this Congress, this legislative body, to work together to find  solutions in this regard--solutions that ensure our national safety,  establish a humane asylum process, and end the crisis at the southern  border.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Brian  Hutchison, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the Congress.   