 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I  have but 5 minutes to ensure that this goes by voice, so I will do my  best.   Mr. Chairman, no one here doubts 100 percent of the time the  responsible party from just above the ground to over 60,000 feet  belongs to the FAA. Any decision about whether an aircraft can operate  or cannot operate belongs exclusively to the FAA. For that reason, the  FAA is an independent body that has a responsibility to take seriously  the implementation of NOTAMs. These NOTAMs either caution pilots or  prevent pilots from flying.   Recently, there have been a number of requests where the FAA has  acted not on behalf of its own judgment but on behalf of a request by  another agency. These agencies include CBP, the Department of Justice,  FBI, FTC, and many others.   These come in regularly, and I have no objection. There are plenty of  good reasons that an entity--we were just talking about a little while  ago the Park Service might even have a request. Because the FAA has an  obligation to make airspace available wherever possible and at the  lowest level of regulation and the greatest freedom and safety for the  pilots, and it does have the obligation--when, for safety and other  reasons, there needs to be temporary or permanent prohibitions on  flying--to implement them.   My amendment simply puts a requirement that when the FAA does so that  they do so based on the FAA making an independent and objective  judgment when it receives NOTAM requests from other agencies.   Mr. Chairman, I hope my 5 minutes has been well spent, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman's comments, and he is  absolutely right. There are a great many NOTAMs. I remind everyone that  the requirement in this amendment that it requires the FAA to make an  independent and objective judgment does not mean that it must do  independent research as to the validity of the request as far as  background.   It can, in fact, take the word of an agency's statement of its  reason, but it has to make an independent judgment as to the NOTAM.   Now, I am both a pilot of more than 40 years, and I am also a former  Army officer, and I can tell you, Mr. Chairman, at the company, the  battalion, and the brigade level every unit in the military has a staff  duty officer who for the entire evening until morning and over weekends  makes judgment on behalf of the commanding officer at that level.   Why do they have that?   It is because a level of review should always be available. It  doesn't have to be extensive, but it does have to be sufficient that if  it came through the FAA it would independently be looked at by the duty  officer before it was put up as a NOTAM. The same is asked.   Nowhere in my amendment does it prohibit delegation all the way down  to the lowest level. As a matter of fact, nowhere in this does it  prohibit the use of AI and other tools to help them do it.   So I think this is not burdensome, and it is easily compliable. It  does say that the FAA makes the decision, not an agency that plugs into  a system who may not have the mandate, responsibility, or even the  expertise to do so.   Periodic NOTAMs that have had to be pulled back when they have been  submitted by other agencies are the reason for this amendment. We have  actual examples where the FAA would not have done it had they made an  independent decision.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, briefly, in response to my colleague from  Tennessee, the majority of FAA NOTAMs do not originate from outside  agencies. This is a fraction of a fraction of all NOTAMs, and it is  only those that will be affected by this amendment.   In closing, Mr. Chairman, this is not what some who oppose it would  say. This is, in fact, a very minor one, but it comes with specific  requirements that exist for a reason. Agencies have chosen and actually  embarrass the FAA by asking for a closing of airspace only to find out  in the light of day, in a matter of days that, in fact, it was a huge  mistake--sometimes politically driven. It doesn't matter why. The FAA  has the right and the responsibility, and all we ask for is when it  comes from an outside agency that it, in fact, have a once-over before  being codified.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   