 Madam Chair, everything around us that makes our  lives possible is either mined, or it is grown. Everything.   Above the Speaker's chair is a plea from Daniel Webster to those who  serve in this House. ``Let us develope the resources of our land, call  forth its powers . . . and see whether we also, in our day and  generation may not perform something worthy to be remembered.''   Yet, for 50 years, the environmental left has slowly strangled our  Nation's ability to do just that. In the process, it is impoverishing  the American people.   One of its most powerful weapons is the National Environmental Policy  Act imposed in 1969 with the promise that it would protect the  environment.   It has done exactly the opposite. It has made it endlessly time  consuming and ultimately cost prohibitive to manage our forests, to  provide abundant water for our people, and to prosper from our vast  energy and mineral resources.   My district comprises the forests of the Sierra Nevada and the  agricultural heartland of California's Central Valley.   The left promised us that NEPA would protect our forests and water  resources. Come to my district, and you will see what a cruel and  demonstrable lie that has become.   Excess timber is removed from our forests in only two ways. If we  don't carry it out, nature will burn it out.   Throughout the 20th century, the U.S. Forest Service marked off  surplus timber and auctioned it to logging companies that paid us to  remove it.   The result was healthy, resilient, and fire-resistant Federal  forests, a steady revenue source for forest improvements, and thriving  mountain economies.   Then came the National Environmental Policy Act. Simple forest  thinning projects now require an average of 4\1/2\ years of  environmental studies, costing millions of dollars, more than the value  of the timber.   Instead of making money for the government, removing excess timber  now costs us money. As a result, our forests have become morbidly  overgrown, carrying four times the timber that the land can support.   In that stressed condition, the trees succumb to disease, pestilence,  drought, and ultimately catastrophic wildfires we haven't seen in over  a century.   California is one of the most water-rich regions of the country. Yet,  the farms of the Central Valley have had their water systematically  choked off because NEPA and other environmental laws make major new  reservoirs all but impossible to build. Record rainfall this year is  being lost to the ocean simply because we have no place to store it.   When the little town of Foresthill tried to add a $2 million spillway  gate for additional water storage, they discovered that because of  NEPA, they also had to budget an additional $1 million for  environmental reviews and $2 million for environmental mitigation.   After more than a decade, the project has yet to be built. The last  reservoir over a million acre-feet constructed in California was  completed in 1979. Meanwhile, the State's population has nearly  doubled.   Madam Chair, when something is plentiful, it is cheap. When it is  scarce, it is expensive. NEPA is making everything we depend upon in  our lives increasingly scarce, and therefore, increasingly expensive.    The left obsesses over a 1-degree rise in temperature over the next  century, but they couldn't care less that they are making it impossible  for people to heat their homes in subfreezing winters.   They promise us they care about the environment, but they couldn't  care less that entire human communities' and species' habitats and  millions of acres of forest are being laid to waste by preventable mega  fires.   They obsess over the snail darter but couldn't care less that they  have destroyed thousands of agricultural jobs, idled a half million  acres of California farmland, and sent grocery prices skyrocketing.   They promised us that NEPA would protect our forests. Instead, it is  destroying them.   H.R. 1 begins to dial back the damage that NEPA has done, both to the  environment and to the quality of life of all Americans, simply by  reducing the time and cost required for these massive bureaucratic  studies.   The question before us is whether our children will grow up in a  world of scarcity, poverty, and misery or one of abundance, prosperity,  and optimism.   That is the simple question before us. We choose prosperity; a future  of abundant and affordable energy, water, food, lumber, minerals, and  all the material comforts and benefits that flow from the resources our  country has been blessed with.   That is something worthy to be remembered, and that future can begin  with this vote today.   