 Madam President, as our allies and democracies around  the world face compounding life-and-death geopolitical challenges, the  world is watching what we do or fail to do here in the U.S. Senate, and  the stakes could not be any higher.   Ukraine is rapidly running out of arms to defend itself against  Russia's illegal invasion and the many war crimes it has been  perpetrating against the Ukrainian people. Israel is in the midst of an  existential war against Hamas--a barbaric terrorist organization funded  and propped up by Iran's brutal regime with one singular mission: to  wipe out Israel and every Jew on the face of the Earth.   Moreover, our allies in the Indo-Pacific, like Taiwan, remain on high  alert as China aggressively flexes its military and economic might  there and around the globe while, at the same time, taking careful  notes on how democracies around the world respond when one nation  violates the sovereignty of another by attempting to take its territory  by force.   Now is the time for the U.S. Senate to come together in defense of  America's allies in their hour of need. We have a strategic security,  economic, and moral imperative to meet the moment, and that is exactly  what Democrats in the Senate are ready to do.   Right now, Democrats are prepared to take up and pass the National  Security and Border Act of 2024, a comprehensive package that provides  aid to Israel, Ukraine, the Indo-Pacific, and Taiwan as well as  addresses ongoing challenges at our southern border, including the flow  of migration and fentanyl into the United States.   Democrats are willing to put politics aside and defend our allies and  our values with real dollars, real military aid, and real solutions. We  are ready to secure our southern border against the most dire threats  we face, especially the relentless flow of deadly fentanyl fueling our  Nation's opioid epidemic.   Now, to be crystal clear, some aspects of this supplemental package,  which closely mirrors the supplemental request President Biden sent to  Congress, raise serious concerns for me and for others.   For example, I am worried about funding to add another 1,300 Border  Patrol agents to work at the border. The U.S. Border Patrol is already  the largest Federal law enforcement Agency, and its alarming track  record of the abuse and mistreatment of migrants gives me pause about  expanding its force further.   I also have serious hesitations about funding to expand our detention  capacity by over 45,000 beds. Detaining migrants en masse, including  entire families, is never the most humane or effective solution to  managing our border.   Supporting a supplemental package that includes these items would not  be an easy vote for me and several of my colleagues. It would be quite  difficult because these funds come with concerning policy consequences.  However, in the name of getting a reasonable, thoughtful package across  the finish line for our allies in need, without gutting our asylum and  humanitarian parole laws, I certainly am willing to consider it.   But where are Republicans? Americans might ask. Where are our  colleagues across the aisle who, for so many years, have posited  themselves as the champions of defending democracy and freedom around  the world? Where is the party of Reagan--the party of self-proclaimed  defense hawks who supposedly never bat an eye when it comes to  supporting our allies?   In an incomprehensible turn of events, Republicans have decided they  are going to hold hostage vital aid to our closest allies in a life- and-death struggle over completely unrelated, hyperpartisan demands on  immigration and border policy, and they are insisting on these changes  without any actual, deliberative process or willingness to compromise.   No, you didn't hear that incorrectly.   Senate Republicans have declared they are ready to tank this national  security package--one that would help our allies defend themselves so  that we don't have to send America's sons and daughters into harm's way  and take the battle themselves when the next set of NATO countries is  invaded by countries like Russia. I would rather have the Ukrainians  fight for their freedom and provide them the resources to do so instead  of sending America's sons and daughters abroad.   Now, why are they doing this? Because they are using the immigration  issue, in my view, to hide behind the embarrassing fact that a  significant number of Republicans in both Chambers doesn't want to vote  for aid to Ukraine and because Democrats refuse  [[Page S5790]]  to accede to far-right and far-reaching immigration policy demands that  have absolutely nothing to do with the existential crises threatening  our allies.    It is the height of irresponsibility and partisan politics for  Republicans to claim that the price for assisting our international  allies is to gut our asylum and humanitarian parole laws, which, I  would add, as someone who has been on this issue for almost a quarter  of a century, will do nothing to mitigate the flow of migration and  deadly drugs into our country.   Think about the dangerous signal that sends: The United States cannot  temporarily put aside its domestic political disputes to confront the  collective challenges facing democracies and freedom around the world.  Such a signal would be crippling to those who look to the United States  for our leadership when confronted with the evils of tyranny and  terrorism. Such a signal would amount to a shameful retreat from  America's singular place on the world stage and would leave us with  fewer allies willing to stand with us. Who is going to stand with you  if you are going to cut and run?   What makes this all so much worse is that Republicans are willing to  gamble our national security interests--indeed, our ability to conduct  foreign policy--over half-baked, failed ideas that do nothing to solve  the problems they claim to solve.   Let's just take a look at a few of the demands the Republicans are  making on immigration and asylum policies.   I heard one of our colleagues speak before that we only just want to  have the asylum crisis be dealt with quicker. Well, that is not the  case. Republicans say, for example, that they want to heighten the  initial ``credible fear'' standard asylum seekers must pass and have  been passing for decades in order to make it to the next stage of the  asylum process.   Well, news flash: No matter how much the ``credible fear'' standard  is heightened, it will do nothing to address the root problems causing  asylum seekers to flee their home countries in the first place. If I am  in one of these countries and my choice is to stay or die or see my  daughter raped by a gang or be forcibly put into a gang, I am going to  flee. That is why we have 20 million people in the Southern Hemisphere  who are refugees and asylees displaced presently in other countries in  the Western Hemisphere.   Unless we deal with that root cause challenge and help those  countries assimilate those people, those are 20 million feet that are  going to come knocking. Worse yet, constricting access to asylum would  only encourage more illegal attempts to make it into the United States  through other avenues that will, ultimately, enrich human smuggling  networks.   Our asylum system encourages order. In fiscal year 2023, 99.5 percent  of asylum seekers appeared--appeared--99.5 percent of asylum seekers  appeared for their hearings before an immigration judge. So only about  five-tenths of a percent were in absentia. The vast majority of those  asylum claims was, ultimately, denied. Then, at that point, they no  longer have a right to be present.   Pushing migrants outside of the asylum system is not in the interest  of anyone who wants an orderly immigration system or who professes to  care about reducing the numbers of migrants that are encountered  throughout the border.   Republicans say, for example, they want to dramatically limit the  President's statutory authority to grant individuals humanitarian  parole into the United States in response to major crises such as wars  and invasions.   Well, here is another news flash: Dramatically shrinking humanitarian  parole risks dramatically increasing irregular flows of migration to  our borders.   Think about what would have happened in the wake of America's  withdrawal from Afghanistan or in the wake of Russia's invasion of  Ukraine if the United States did not have a robust humanitarian parole  system screening tens of thousands of Afghans and Ukrainians for refuge  through an orderly process. It would have been utter chaos with unknown  numbers of unscreened, unvetted individuals from these countries  potentially seeking entry at our borders.   Humanitarian parole allows the United States to be in the driver's  view to determine which individuals can obtain protection in the United  States and which cannot.   It also serves our national security interests by sending a clear  message: If you stand with us, if you fight for freedom and there comes  a life-and-death moment, we will provide you with refuge.   So this shouldn't be about sticking it to President Biden and the  Democrats. The reality is that there will one day be another Democratic  or Republican administration that will need to rely on our humanitarian  parole laws to respond to moments of crisis like in Afghanistan and  Ukraine. By fundamentally eroding these laws, Republicans would only  hamper the ability of any future administration to respond to such  crises. Gutting humanitarian parole only invites the very chaos at our  borders that Republicans claim they want to mitigate.   What these and other demands reflect is the now-dominant and  dangerous strain of Republican thinking that believes that our asylum,  humanitarian parole, and refugee systems are largely fraudulent,  allowing undeserving individuals to enter into our country.   Years of anti-immigrant fearmongering by former President Trump  appear to have clouded the Republicans' ability to talk about our  immigration system based on the facts--the type of conversations we had  when we passed comprehensive immigration reform in this Chamber with a  gang of Senators--Republicans and Democrats--of which I was a part,  with an overwhelming vote. That was a level-headed discussion. As a  result, their policy ideas now are driven more by Stephen Miller's  demagoguery than by any deliberative assessment of reality.   Here are some facts worth reminding my Republican friends about:  Immigrants wield nearly $1.3 trillion--trillion--in spending power in  the United States, and they contribute tens of billions of dollars in  taxes every year. A recent study found that a 25-percent reduction in  the number of asylum seekers in the United States would cause an  economic loss of over $20 billion over 5 years.   Immigrants disproportionately make up our essential workforce by  taking care of our sick, putting food on our tables, and taking care of  our workplaces. They were the ones, when we were all home, sheltering,  who were out taking the risks of their lives in order that the rest of  us could be sheltered.   Immigrants are 80 percent more likely to become entrepreneurs than  native-born Americans. Indeed, nearly 45 percent of Fortune 500  companies--45 percent of Fortune 500 companies--which employ tens of  millions of Americans, were founded by immigrants or their children.   These migrants, asylum seekers, and refugees have not just enriched  our economy, they have changed and shaped our Nation and the world more  broadly.   Ever hear of Albert Einstein, a refugee who changed our understanding  of science forever; Sergey Brin, the cofounder of Google, a refugee who  changed technology forever; Gloria Estefan, a refugee who fled the  Cuban revolution with her family and helped shaped our musical  landscape; or how about former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine  Albright--does that name ring a bell?--a refugee from Czechoslovakia  who helped shaped the modern world as the first woman to ever serve as  U.S. Secretary of State. The list goes on and on and on.   The hard, undeniable reality is this: Our Nation's prosperity, power,  and greatness are inextricably intertwined with our identity as a  nation of striving, hard-working immigrants. So it is no wonder that  our asylum, refugee, and humanitarian parole systems have received  overwhelming bipartisan support over the decades. They are an essential  source of our strength.   And let's be perfectly clear about something else. Welcoming asylum  seekers, parolees, and refugees into the country is far from just an  act of compassion. These systems directly support our national security  and strategic economic interest at home and abroad.   Imagine a world where the United States and other countries did not  have systems to provide refuge to dissidents,  [[Page S5791]]  journalists, lawyers, and others taking on tyrants and defending  liberties in their countries. Would they have the same level of courage  to enact change in their countries if they did not think they could  protect themselves and their families if they faced life-and-death  persecution?   So to my Republican friends, I say this: It is time to free  yourselves from the Trumpian demagoguery that informs your current  worldview on immigration. Join us in good faith to deliver inclusive,  humane, and orderly immigration reform that will secure our borders,  provide relief to the undocumented community, and strengthen our  strategic posture in the world.   However, attempting to force this conversation here and now, when our  allies have their backs against the wall, when they are fighting on the  frontlines to protect U.S. interests, and when innocent people's lives  hang in the balance is the height of recklessness and irresponsibility.   We can continue serving as the world's last, best defender of freedom  and democracy without sacrificing one of our greatest strengths: our  identity as a nation of immigrants.   We are the United States of America. Let's start acting like it.   I yield the floor.   