 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chair, we just heard from the  gentleman from South Carolina that the purpose of this bill was to make  sure that the use of our Strategic Petroleum Reserve was confined to  instances in which there was a national emergency.   The purpose of this amendment is very simple. It is to make sure that  if we are going to restrict releases from our strategic reserve, it  have an exception for national security. That is it. Very simple.   If you are going to tie the President's hands to respond to an energy  crisis, at least include language that allows for a swift response in  the event of a threat to our national security. At least do that.   I understand the concern about the use of our reserve. I do not  understand the lack of concern for a future situation that could call  for its use when our national security is at stake.   This is a simple amendment. It only adds language with respect to  national security. This should be a bipartisan concern, and I welcome  bipartisan support.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, the gentleman from South  Carolina concluded his remarks by saying this amendment ``would affect  that'' and provided no specification for ``that.''   Look, this was just about national security. We didn't get two words  in response to the substance of this amendment. We got a bunch of  platitudes that were completely unrelated.   I was under the assumption, given everything we had heard about  national emergencies and national security, that making sure that the  Strategic Petroleum Reserve could be used for national security used to  be bipartisan.   If not, there would be a good reason as to why that exception should  not exist. We didn't get a one. We got a speech about hurricanes. We  got a speech about other uses for oil. I hear you. I am on board. This  is national security.   The fact that you had no response whatsoever tells me your bill isn't  serious. This bill is about messaging. You are looking to tie any  future President's hands in a way that is fundamentally reckless. If  this bill were serious, you would take national security more  seriously.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   