 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the challenges facing America and our  allies today are not an a la carte menu of projects we can address at  our leisure.  [[Page S5409]]  No. The most dangerous threats we face are all linked together--all  linked together.   Take it from the author of the last administration's National  Security Strategy. Russia, Iran, and China ``see the U.S. as weak and  in decline'' and are willing ``to put aside their differences to  collude against American interests.'' They are extraordinarily willing.   Finland is investigating a case of suspected sabotage by a Chinese  ship against an undersea communications cable and gas line connecting  the newest member of NATO to Estonia--one of the alliance's most  stalwart backers of Ukraine.   Putin's Russia is reportedly helping Iran develop a space launch  vehicle--a critical step toward building intercontinental ballistic  missiles. In return, Iran isn't just sending Russia kamikaze drones to  kill Ukrainians; it is helping build an entire drone factory--a drone  factory--on Russian soil.   A Russia state energy company is reportedly providing China with  highly enriched uranium. China is swarming social media platforms with  pro-Hamas propaganda and protecting both Iran and Russia in the U.N.  Security Council.   America doesn't have the luxury of facing these threats individually.  Our ability to contend with complex, simultaneous threats is exactly  what our adversaries are testing: a Russian war in Europe, Chinese  aggression in Asia, Iran-backed terror in the Middle East, and a  southern border that is dangerously lacking in credible enforcement.  This is the reality we face right now. The Biden administration's  supplemental request falls short of adequately addressing all of these  linked threats.    Let me explain again what this moment actually requires.   In Europe, the administration needs to provide a clear strategy for a  Ukrainian victory. That means prioritizing the lethal military  capabilities Ukraine needs right now--no more half measures, no more  hesitation.   As former Secretary of State Pompeo put it last week, Americans  should be ``accelerating the flow of weapons and ammunition to Kyiv''  because abandoning Ukraine would bolster our adversaries.   We should be empowering Agency inspectors general to continue the  unprecedented oversight and accountability work we have built into U.S.  assistance since the beginning of Putin's escalation last year. We  should continue to invest in expanding America's defense industrial  base both to replace capabilities Ukraine is using with newer for our  own use and to ramp up production of the ones Israel, Taiwan, and our  Indo-Pacific allies and partners need.   In Israel's case, it is especially important that we take stringent  measures to ensure no humanitarian assistance bound for the people of  Gaza can be intercepted by Hamas terrorists.   I have said before, for any of this supplemental security funding to  pass the Senate, we will also need to implement serious policy changes  at the southern border. Senate Republicans will not rubberstamp the  Biden administration's bailout for a problem it created. We are focused  on policies to slow the flow--slow the flow--of illegal migration and  secure the border.   America's strategic goals are crystal clear: degrade Russian military  strength and prevent major war in Europe; reestablish credible  deterrence against Iran and its terrorist networks; grow our defense  industrial base to equip our military and our allies in the Indo- Pacific to raise the costs of Chinese aggression; and restore real  border security right here at home. That is exactly what the Senate  should be focused on.   