 Madam Chair, as I travel across Montana and meet with  constituents, I hear the same thing.  [[Page H1496]]  They want our Federal Government to remove the barriers that lead to  incredibly high energy costs that they face to operate their farms,  their businesses, and their homes.   A lot of politicians here in Washington don't understand these  struggles. They don't understand that their policies, which caused  diesel prices to go up, dramatically increase input costs for farmers.  They haven't had to endure a Montana winter where temps can hover  between 10 and 20 degrees below zero for extended periods of time. The  Energy Information Administration estimated that it cost Montanans 30  percent more to heat their homes last year, thanks to the Biden  administration's policies. That is not pocket change.   Lowering energy costs and restoring our Nation's energy dominance  will require an all-of-the-above approach and a dismantling of the  Biden administration's green energy policies. That is why H.R. 1 is  such a comprehensive reform bill, with input from representatives from  every part of our Nation.   Since Biden entered office, his administration has held zero lease  sales for energy development on public lands. That is why I  reintroduced the Restore Onshore Energy Act to be included in this  package. It would force the administration to immediately resume  quarterly lease sales dictated in the Mineral Leasing Act and further  require the Department of the Interior to immediately hold replacement  sales when the sales are missed.   In addition to resuming lease sales, H.R. 1 will repeal harmful  royalty and fee increases, streamline the Federal permitting process  under NEPA, and require more transparency from the Federal Government,  among many other provisions. This is about cutting through bureaucracy  and fighting the radical environmentalists to allow our energy sector  to get back to work for the American people.   We know that energy independence isn't just a critical component of  our national security and supply chain, but it also affects  agriculture, the largest industry in Montana. The President's policies  caused a 150 percent increase in transportation diesel prices since he  took office. This directly contributes to market access, complications  for farmers and ranchers, and increases inputs, like fertilizers and  pesticides and labor and many other things. All of this results in  higher food costs at the grocery store and a decrease in revenue  margins for agricultural producers.   In the words of President Dwight D. Eisenhower, farming looks mighty  easy when you use a pencil for a plow and you live a thousand miles  away from a cornfield.   It is time for Congress to stand up to unelected bureaucrats and the  radical environmentalists controlling our executive branch and setting  policies without regard to the impact that they will have on the people  in Montana and real America.   Madam Chair, I support H.R. 1 and hope my colleagues will do the  same.   