 Mr. President, in the next 2 weeks, Congress must work  together to avoid another pointless, damaging, unnecessary government  shutdown. We also must work together to defend America's national  security around the world by standing with Israel, standing with  Ukraine, and increasing our defenses in the Indo-Pacific. And we must  provide critical humanitarian assistance, including to civilians in  Gaza, who have nothing to do with Hamas, who need food and water and  shelter.   None of this will be easy to do. None of this is guaranteed to  happen. The outcome of the next 2 weeks will hang on the same thing I  have emphasized all year long--bipartisan cooperation.   If Republicans are willing to work with Democrats in good faith on  issues where there is real overlap--and there are many--then we can  move forward on the things we must accomplish. But if Republicans  inject partisanship into otherwise bipartisan priorities, that is only  going to make it harder to avoid a shutdown, pass Israel aid, pass  Ukraine aid, pass humanitarian aid for Gaza, and all our other  priorities.   Yesterday, a group of Senate Republicans released a proposal for  border security that they want in exchange for Ukraine funding, and  they know full well what they came up with is a total nonstarter.  Instead of putting together commonsense border policies that can pass  in divided government, Senate Republicans basically copied and pasted  large chunks of the House's radical H.R. 2 bill, and that is their  asking price for helping Ukraine.   Making Ukraine funding conditional on the hard-right border policies  that can't ever pass Congress is a huge mistake by our Republican  colleagues. By tying Ukraine to the border, Republicans are sadly  making it harder--much harder--for us to help Ukraine in their fight  against Putin. It sends a terrible signal to both our friends and  adversaries. It will be a moment that history will remember, if Ukraine  aid is tied to this.   Large segments of both parties in the Senate support Ukraine. Large  segments of both parties in the Senate  [[Page S5372]]  support Ukraine. So why on Earth do some Republicans want to torpedo it  by tying this H.R. 2 anchor to Ukraine funding? This move is only going  to endanger Ukraine assistance in the long run.   If Senate Republicans' open bid for border is an amalgamation of hard  right policies, then, sadly, the two parties are far apart, and we have  a lot of work to do to bridge the divide.   Now, I want to be clear, I would like to bridge the divide. Our  caucus would like to see some kind of commonsense border policies done,  and the President would like to get something done, as his supplemental  proposal shows. If we can come together in a bipartisan fashion to stop  the flow of fentanyl and give our frontline officers the resources and  tools they need to do their jobs and stop fentanyl, all while staying  true to our values, that is what we should be doing.   So, today, we are going to keep working with our Republican  colleagues to see if there is a chance for compromise, but Republicans  need to actually work with us on realistic border policies, even if it  is not everything they want. You can't get just a few Republicans who  are pretty much on the hard-right side of their party to say: Here is  what we want. Take it or leave it.   That won't work. Senate Republicans should not repeat the mistake of  the House GOP when they tried to push H.R. 2. Their H.R. 2 bill is  going nowhere, and this Senate GOP proposal is very close to H.R. 2.   I have always been clear that I am ready to have open, good-faith,  bipartisan negotiations. I was one of the authors of the Senate's  comprehensive immigration bill from 2013. It was led by John McCain and  me. I know what it is like to have a hard conversation about these  issues. I know through firsthand experience this topic is not easy,  but, nevertheless, I am willing to have conversations about the border  again if Republicans are willing to meet us halfway.   We have so many shared bipartisan priorities to protect our Nation,  our national security. I hope partisanship doesn't tarnish our shared  purpose. I hope we can work in the coming days to bridge the gap.   Again, when Republicans willingly inject partisanship into issues  that could have some bipartisan overlap, they make it extremely hard to  get anything done. I urge my Republican colleagues to stop using the  same approach again and again of taking bipartisan issues and injecting  them with corrosive partisan measures that help sink them.    Mr. President, in a few moments, the Senate will confirm  Julia Kobick as district judge for the District of Massachusetts.   I have great news: The Senate is about to confirm the 100th woman and  the 150th judge overall to the Federal bench since we took the  majority.   One judge at a time, this Democratic majority is making the Federal  bench look more like America, and that is why the confirmation of the  100th woman to the court is so important. It is not only double the  amount confirmed by President Trump in all his 4 years, it is also  considerably more women than any full first term of any President. In  fact, two-thirds--two-thirds--of all the judges we have confirmed under  President Biden are women, and we have confirmed more women of color to  the bench than any other President's entire time in office.   These hundred women are historic taken together, but they also  include many who are historic in their own right. They include, of  course, the first Black woman confirmed to the Supreme Court, Ketanji  Brown Jackson. They include the first Muslim-American woman on the  Federal bench. They include the first Navajo Federal judge, and much  more. We are getting the bench to look like America. It has been long  overdue, but it is happening and happening in large steps under this  Senate Democratic majority.   Now, I want to let America know we are proud to have reached this  historic milestone, but we are not slowing down. Confirming more women  on the bench is long, long overdue. The Senate, which has made strides  more than any year to make that a reality, will continue to keep  working to confirm more judicial nominations in the weeks and months to  come.   I yield the floor.   