 Mr. President, 13 percent of the American people  believe the state of our Union is strong--13 percent. Just 16 percent  say they are better off financially today than they were 2 years ago.  But on Tuesday night, it took President Biden the most words in the  history of the State of the Union to declare that everything is  actually going swimmingly and he doesn't plan to change a thing.   To working families, who have been crushed by historic inflation  because of his policies, President Biden offered to cut a few dollars  off the fees of concert tickets and hotel stays they can't afford  anyway. To Americans who are worried that he just let a Chinese spy  balloon surveil our country from coast to coast, the President  described his slow and unsteady reaction as a big success. To a country  that is already teetering on the brink of recession because of him,  President Biden proposed even more gigantic new tax hikes. To the  American people who are frightened and curious about surging violent  crime, President Biden took aim at the Second Amendment rights of law- abiding citizens and implied that taxpayers need to pay for even more  welfare spending before we can expect people not to commit murder.   The President paid lip service to the obscene quantities of foreign  fentanyl that flow across our open borders and kill our people, but his  main border proposal was to dangle the prospect of amnesty for people  who come here illegally.   He repeated his broken promise not to sign tax hikes that hit the  middle class when he has already hiked taxes on American jobs and  American energy.   The country got to hear a lecture about treating political opponents  with respect from the President who lied about State voting laws and  compared half the country to Bull Connor and Jefferson Davis and a  lecture about our democratic institutions from the President who  endorsed permanently breaking the Senate so that his party could grab  more power.   President Biden expressed not one ounce of contrition or  accountability  [[Page S274]]  for the failures that have hurt families, cost his party the House, and  left only 16 percent of Americans better off financially now than they  were on Inauguration Day.   And the President's thin and paltry discussion of his failing foreign  policy was downright alarming. Europe is in the grip of the continent's  worst violent conflict since World War II. China is gaining as the  largest strategic threat to American security since the Soviet Union.  The Taliban has reinstated their oppressive regime and safe terrorist  haven that America and our allies chased out more than two decades ago.   North Korea continues to modernize its nuclear and missile programs,  making steady progress toward the leader's goal of being able to  deliver Armageddon to our doorstep.   The Iranian regime continues to advance its own WMD programs while  sponsoring terror campaigns all across the Middle East. Make no  mistake, this radical regime is willing and eager to kill Americans if  it is not deterred. And while the Iranian people protest nationwide  against a brutal theocracy, President Biden couldn't even muster one  mention of their struggle.   This is the state of the world on President Biden's watch. This is  the state of America's interests under his leadership. But President  Biden did not even mention the grave and growing challenges we face  from abroad until the tail end of his lengthy remarks.   The President downplayed the threat posed by the People's Republic of  China and claimed without any evidence that the United States was in  its strongest position to compete with China in decades. I am not sure  in what universe those remarks apply. Here in the real world, China's  intelligence services just got a closeup look of the entire U.S.  mainland. Reports indicate Chinese hypersonic weapons and land-based  ICBM launchers exceed our own. And President Biden's last budget  proposal tried to cut our national defense funding after inflation. The  Commander in Chief seems more preoccupied with hidden ``resort fees''  than hidden Chinese malware in our phones, computers, and high-tech  infrastructure.   Then there is Ukraine. President Biden said Putin's invasion of  Ukraine has been a test of America's and our allies' resolve. That is  certainly true, but, like the Chinese balloon, the Ukraine crisis was  also a test of the Biden administration's response time, and they fell  quite short.   Republicans tried to push the administration to better equip Ukraine  to defend itself before the tanks rolled and to act more quickly and  decisively in the early weeks to try to prevent a protracted stalemate.  The indecision, hand-wringing, and sluggishness have carried a heavy  price indeed. The President can't even get the bully pulpit right.   There is an overwhelmingly persuasive case that aiding Ukraine  strongly and directly serves our core American national interests, but  President Biden seems incapable of articulating any of it. It is top  Republicans who are filling the leadership vacuum, connecting the dots,  and making the case. Yet again, Presidential leadership is missing in  action, and it is Republicans filling the void. So let's hope President  Biden's upcoming defense budget request will treat our national  security challenges more seriously than his speech did on Tuesday  night.   With fewer than one in five Americans calling the state of our Union  strong, President Biden needed to pivot, but he failed to. He spent the  wordiest State of the Union in American history making excuses,  doubling down, and spinning alternate realities. But if Washington  Democrats will not pivot, the American people will pivot away from  them. It is already starting.   Seated behind the President Tuesday night was the new Republican  Speaker of the House, Kevin McCarthy, and following him on the airwaves  was the youngest Governor in America, Sarah Huckabee Sanders of  Arkansas--part of a whole wave of Republican Governors who are laser- focused on fighting crime, improving education, and lifting more  working families into prosperity.   The American people know which principles and solutions will bring  our country back, and they are seeing which party actually provides  them.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   