 Madam President, I am here and am pleased to join my  colleague from the State of New Mexico. I thank him for his leadership  on the Ag Appropriations Committee and join him in urging support for  our legislation.   It did pass the full Appropriations Committee. I see that our  Appropriations chair is here, and I want to thank her for her work as  well. But it did pass our full Appropriations Committee unanimously.  You know, we like to see that bipartisanship, but I think it says a lot  that it came through the full Approps Committee with a unanimous ``do  pass'' vote.   I just want to talk a little bit about the bill and how important it  is that we are returning to regular order. I think that is incredibly  important. Our objective here is not just to pass the bill but to do it  through regular order, meaning an open amendment process. I think that  is something that our Members have very much wanted, and that is  something we are working very hard to achieve.    Like the Senator from New Mexico, I want to thank his staff, Dianne  Nellor, Rachel Erlebacher, and Hannah Chauvin, for their work. We  appreciate working with them. And, of course, my crew, Morgan Ulmer and  Patrick Carroll, who worked very diligently, worked well together to  craft the bill. I want to express my appreciation as well to Senator  Heinrich.   As he detailed, this bill represents careful consideration of many  important programs that are included in the Ag appropriations bill. It  reflects a balance of making the right investments in critically  important programs while lowering levels in some areas that had seen  supplemental increases in the past because, obviously, we were given a  302(b) number that we had to achieve, and that actually reduces  spending in some areas. Tough decisions were made dollar for dollar.  This bill spends less than 1 percent more than last year, even though,  obviously, the cost of inflation has been significantly higher.   Still, we were able to provide the necessary investments in  agricultural research programs, for example, to support the continued  success of America's farmers, ranchers, and agribusiness. That ag  research has made incredible differences in terms of not only disease  resistance but also productivity gains for our farmers and ranchers.   We were also able to support efforts to protect our producers from  things like Avian influenza, chronic wasting disease, and other  diseases that affect our crops and animals as well.   We also provided funding for the Farm Service Agency and Risk  Management Agency to ensure that our farmers and ranchers continue to  have access to important programs, to disaster assistance, and to crop  insurance.   Obviously, with the FSA and the RMA, it is vitally important that  they have adequate staffing to work directly with our farmers and  ranchers. Agriculture has become like all businesses, more complicated  and more challenging, and we need to make sure that assistance is in  place for our producers.   We fully fund the Food Safety and Inspection Service to support our  Nation's frontline inspectors and maintain progress made in recent  years to increase transparency and competition in the meat industry.  There is a lot more that we need to do there as well, but we are making  progress and need to continue to work on that important issue.   We were able to provide targeted increases to the FDA--the Food and  Drug Administration--in order to promote programs that support food  safety and address critical drug and device shortages.   Last Congress, there were significant increases for conservation and  rural infrastructure programs like broadband coverage. While the USDA  is working to get that funding out the door, we were able to make  reductions in some of these accounts while still making substantial  progress on those things. But, again, it required that in order to make  sure that we could achieve the budget number that we were given--like I  said, just 1 percent more than last year.   We also rescinded previously appropriated discretionary dollars that  have gone unspent in the Department on a multiyear basis and worked  very hard to make sure we could find any areas of waste and tried to  reduce spending in those areas.  [[Page S4435]]    Essentially, what we are doing is what Americans are forced to do  every single day, and that is to do more with less, to prioritize, and  make sure that they find savings where possible and fund priors.   Essentially, we know there is more to do. We think that this bill, as  I stated, coming through the committee unanimously, is a solid piece of  work. We are ready for an open amendment process, and I certainly  welcome ideas from the entire body.   Again, I want to emphasize the importance of getting back to regular  order. This gives us an opportunity to do that. So let's seize the  day--as they say, carpe diem. Let's get to work on it, and make sure  that we also do the absolute best that we can for our farmers and  ranchers.   One point, in closing, that I want to make, and that is this: We have  about 60 million people involved in agriculture across this great  country. We have a system of family-based small businesses in  agriculture. Our farmers and ranchers are largely family-based small  businesses, and we can't take that for granted. They produce the  highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the world.   Americans spend less of their budget on food than almost any other  developed country, brought to them by farmers and ranchers. So it is  critically important that we support them because every American  benefits every single day from what our farmers and ranchers do, and we  can't take that for granted.   Look at the consolidation we see in so many other industries. Let's  make sure that we continue to have that family-based small business  network out there, providing our food, fiber, and fuel every single  day. That is what this legislation is all about.   I yield the floor.   