 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise as the co-lead of the  Equal Opportunity for All Investors Act with my Republican colleague,   Mike Flood, from the great State of Nebraska.   Our bipartisan bill cuts through government red tape to improve  choices for investors regardless of their net worth. This will result  in greater access to capital for minorities, veterans, and women, and  will also spur economic growth in places like North Carolina's Research  Triangle Park.   Under the current system, only millionaires can be accredited  investors. We want to open up lucrative private securities investments  to individuals who have the financial knowledge to understand the risks  they are taking on but aren't necessarily millionaires. Our bill does  just that by expanding the accredited investor definition which is what  allows people to invest in private securities to include individuals  that are certified through a robust exam established by the SEC and  administered by FINRA.   If you are able to pass a test demonstrating you are financially  sophisticated enough to take on the risk of investing in private  securities, you should be considered an accredited investor without  having to be a millionaire. North Carolina's Research Triangle Park is  an essential economic driver from my district. It is home to many small  biotech companies working on critical life-changing technologies. Many  of these companies rely on accredited investors for capital, so our  larger pool of investors will improve their access to funding, spurring  growth, and bringing good jobs to working families in North Carolina's  13th Congressional District and around the country.   Additionally, according to Brookings, the average net worth of a  typical White family is nearly ten times greater than that of a Black  family. By allowing individuals to become accredited investors,  regardless of their net worth, this bill will enable more diverse  investors to participate in that asset class. Underrepresented  entrepreneurs often struggle to access capital, and they greatly  benefit from a larger pool of more diverse investors that look like  them.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and co-lead Mike Flood and our  Financial Services Committee Ranking Member Maxine Waters for her  support and her leadership of this bill, along with Chair Patrick  McHenry.   Mr. Speaker, the only real solutions in this Congress are going to be  bipartisan solutions. This legislation is the result of Democrats and  Republicans working together to improve the lives of the people we  represent. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the Equal  Opportunity for All Investors Act.   