 Mr. President, late on the night of November 2, 2012,  Theodore Wafer was woken up by a loud sound. Somebody was knocking on  his door--pounding on his door. He looked for his phone to call the  police but couldn't find it. So, instead, he picked up his shotgun and  went to the door. He saw on the other side a figure. He thought the  person, maybe, was trying to break into his house, and so he fired a  shotgun blast through the screen door to his porch.   A couple of hours before that, Renisha McBride had gotten into a car  accident not far away from Theodore Wafer's house. She was intoxicated.  She was disoriented after the crash. She wandered around the  neighborhood, late at night, looking for help. She couldn't find any,  and she found herself knocking on the door of Mr. Wafer's home, looking  for assistance. The shotgun blast hit her in the face, and she died.   Jordan Davis was in Jacksonville, FL, a teenager out with his  friends. They pulled into a gas station. As a lot of teenagers do, they  were playing loud music. Michael Dunn was at the gas station as well.  He didn't like the fact that the teenagers were playing their music too  loud. He asked them to turn it down. There was an argument that took  place. Michael Dunn said: I am not going to let anybody talk to me like  that. And he pulled a handgun out of the glove compartment of his car,  and he started shooting at Jordan Davis and his friends. Jordan Davis  died as his friends sped away, trying to get away from the killing  scene. Michael Dunn continued to shoot at the fleeing car.   His girlfriend came out of the convenience store. She didn't know  what had happened. Michael Dunn didn't tell her. They went to the hotel  they were staying in, and they ordered a pizza. That happened 1 year  before the death of Renisha McBride.   This week, this country is convulsed by a series of horrific  shootings where mistakes and minor slights are being met by gunfire.  You know these stories by now. Ralph Yarl, 16 years old, went to go  pick up his siblings, went to the wrong house, and Andrew Lester fired  at him. Ralph Yarl is now clinging for life right now.   Kaylin Gillis, 20 years old, and her friend pulled into the wrong  driveway--just pulled into the wrong driveway--and Kevin Monahan fired  his gun at them, killing Kaylin Gillis.   And, just this morning, we are hearing news of another stunningly  similar incident in Austin, TX, where a cheerleader, by accident, got  into the wrong car after cheerleading practice and apparently that  slight was so serious that the man in the car fired a gun at this  cheerleader and her friend. One of those young women is critically  injured.   My friends, there is a toxic mixture in this country today of hate,  of anger, and a population that is increasingly armed to the teeth with  deadly weapons, many of them with no training, many of them with  criminal records. This mixture is leading to our neighborhoods becoming  a killing field. Minor slights and indiscretions, small arguments, even  simple wrong turns are becoming potentially deadly.   We are becoming a heavily armed nation, so fearful and angry and  hair-trigger anxious that gun murders are now just the way in which we  work out our frustrations.   This is a dystopia. I am here to tell you that it is a dystopia that  we have chosen for ourselves.   And before I challenge my colleagues to do better, I just want to  tell you a quick short story of how we got here, because this  combination of anger and fear and guns is actually not new. It is worse  now. Our rage is bigger. The number of guns on the street today is  dizzying compared to just a few decades ago. But I have to be honest  with you. The underlying problem of this combination is actually not  new.   In our early years, after our founding, America actually wasn't a  fundamentally more violent place than our European neighbors. But a few  things happened, about 50 years into the American story, that set  America on a very different course--a course that, beginning in about  1840, made America an outlier of global violence, and we have never  come back down to Earth.   I think it is just interesting to sort of talk for a minute about  those three things because they are relevant to today's discussion.   First is the creation of America as a true melting pot. Waves of  immigrants came to America beginning in the early to mid-1800s, looking  for jobs and living space and partners. The competition amongst those  groups, combined with demagogues and provocateurs who would pry on this  friction, became explosive. People began to think that they needed to  be suspicious of people who were different from them--a different race  or ethnicity or religion. And, over time, if you look at American  history, it is when these big waves of new immigration come to this  country that we tend to have spikes in violence because those  demagogues or those provocateurs tell us that we should be fearful of  each other, and, all of a sudden, violence increases.    The second thing that happens in that period of time is the invention  of the cotton gin. Why is that important? America was a slave nation at  our founding. In 1800, we only had about 850,000 slaves. The cotton gin  explodes the need for slaves. In 40 years, we go from 850,000 slaves to  2.4 million slaves, and the amount of violence that is necessary to  keep that number of people in bondage is extraordinary. And the  country--you can imagine this--just becomes anesthetized to violence.  So, all of a sudden, violence rates go up amongst all Americans--not  just White-on-Black violence, but White-on-White violence goes up,  because violence is part of how we keep our economy running.   Then, third, in the same period of time, the early to mid-1800s, we  see the invention of the modern mass-produced handgun. The cotton gin  is a Connecticut invention, and so is the modern mass-produced handgun.   Now, other nations figured out how dangerous this was--the ability to  slip into your coat pocket the means of lethal violence. Other nations  decided to regulate the access that their citizens had to this  instrument, but not in the United States.  [[Page S1223]]    So, quickly, shortly after the explosion of access to the handgun,  violence rates began to increase. And given this history I talked about  prior--our history of racial and ethnic violence--the decision not to  regulate handgun access in any meaningful form was kind of like  throwing gasoline on this raging fire.   I am saying all of this because we have known for 200 years that this  combination of violence between ethnic groups, violence as a means of  subjugation, all supercharged by unlimited access to guns, is a  uniquely American problem.   Throughout our history--and this is the most important part--we have  assiduously and purposefully, as a nation, tried to turn the dials of  laws and norms and customs to have less hatred; to have less animosity  toward each other; to have less oppression and less access to guns, at  least for people who shouldn't have them.   It is not a coincidence that the rates of violence in this Nation  spike when we have waves of new immigrants, but then it settles out; it  flattens. It often decreases as time goes on, and we learn how to live  with each other. We change our norms and our customs. It is also not a  coincidence that the biggest drops in lethal violence in this country  tend to happen right after we make major adjustments to our Nation's  firearms laws.   What I am saying is that America is definitely set up to be a place  more violent than other nations. We shouldn't expect that we are going  to, with any set of changes, become as violent as European or Asian  countries.   But it doesn't have to be like this. Cheerleaders don't need to be  shot when they walk into the wrong car. Teenagers don't need to be  murdered because their music is too loud. Kids shouldn't fear for their  life when they go to school or when they pick up their siblings from a  house in the neighborhood. We can do better. We can adjust the dials in  order to decide not to live in this dystopia.   Everybody here knows what I feel about American gun laws. I am not  going to litigate that question again here today. I think we can do  better. I think we can just make it a little bit harder for  irresponsible people, people with criminal records, people with serious  mental illness to get their hands on deadly weapons.   I want universal background checks. I want bans on the weapons that  were designed for the military. But we also need to have a more  apolitical discussion about the level of fear and hatred and mistrust  in our society today that puts so many people on the edge, ready to  fire a gun at somebody over the smallest threat or insult. There is  just a collective anxiety in this country that we need to deal with  and, frankly, doesn't require us to have debates that fall on easy  political or partisan lines.   Everybody in this body has an obligation to take steps so that  today's demagogues and provocateurs--the same ones that convinced  people in the 1840s that they should be fearful of new immigrants--have  less air time and less influence. We shouldn't elevate political  leaders who lead with messages of hate and division. That is part of  what is driving America to fear everybody, to fear their neighbors.   But we should also pass laws that incentivize our national dialogue  to just be kinder and less hateful. Social media companies are making  money off of hate and polarization, and we don't need to accept this.  Holding them accountable for the ways that they have pit us against  each other, that is not an impossible task and, frankly, not one we  necessarily need to fight about along partisan lines.   I will leave you with this. We also just need to ask some deeper  questions about why people in America are just so unhappy and so alone  that they would resort to violence this regularly and this casually.    A detective in Bridgeport, CT, told me the other day he barely ever  responds to fistfights any longer. Everything, every beef ends up in  gunfire.   We have lost so many pathways in this country to positive meaning and  positive identity and fulfilling connection to each other. People have  less opportunity today to build healthy, economically secure, and  personally fulfilling lives. We need to talk about why this is and what  government can do to spiritually jump-start this Nation. It is not all  about the gun laws. I think the gun laws should change, but there is  also an anxiety of fearfulness in this Nation that we can have a  collective conversation about.   I get it. It is a big, huge, weighty conversation, but something  stinks out there right now. We shouldn't accept this shoot-first  culture--at kids, at cheerleaders, at students, at people shopping at  grocery stores--as our new reality. It is a choice.   America has always been a more violent place. That is true. But the  degree of that violence has always been up to us. We have always had  dials that we can turn. We should realize this, and we should do  something about it.   I yield the floor.   