 Mr. Speaker, let me first clarify. I live in the State  of New York where Mayor Eric Adams and the city of New York decided to  declare itself a sanctuary city. It opened its arms to individuals from  across the globe.   The city of New York decided to transport individuals--treating them  not as human souls but simply as property--to be displaced to upstate  counties. There is no screening. There is no criminal background check.  In many cases, there is no monitoring or any coordination between the  city of New York and those other communities, communities that made no  such decision, no such choice.   Earlier, my colleague across the aisle suggested that the Governors  who engage in similar activities should simply coordinate and  communicate with those other cities. Well, how about the city of New  York communicating and coordinating with the rest of the communities?   My colleague suggested that Governors should merely turn their  attention to the President and simply ask for assistance. Ironically,  Mayor Eric Adams made exactly that request and was met with deafening  silence.   My colleague across the aisle suggested that this is a manufactured  crisis. It is a humanitarian crisis at our border that too many of my  colleagues in power, by the way, for several years chose not to pay  attention to. The President ignored the situation, and now communities  across the country are faced with a humanitarian crisis.    I am sponsoring the bill not because I don't care about the souls. I  spent 12 years locating and identifying real shelters for individuals,  unaccompanied minors.   I sponsored the bill because families and communities in New York  State and in New York City know their schools are not empty. These are  centers of education, academics, and athletics. During the summer  months, these are the places, by the way, that single moms send their  children to get the services and support they need. Lunches are  provided.   For kids like my own, therapies for those with disabilities are  provided. For 2\1/2\ years, we turned our back on those very children.  These families are frightened, upset, and agitated by a government that  doesn't pay attention to the concerns they have and instead displaces  their children when the city of New York and the President and the  White House have the capacity to address this problem where it exists.   Mr. Speaker, I was intending to speak on a number of provisions  within the FAA reauthorization, and I would like to try to get to just  two.   Within this FAA reauthorization bill, the Access and Dignity for All  People Who Travel Act, which I lead, ensures those with disabilities  who need special seating accommodations receive them. Too often, those  with disabilities are ignored. This bill rectifies that.   Another bill within the FAA reauthorization is the Future of Aviation  Act.    Mr. Speaker, this allows public airports that received  funding to use the additional funding for the use of advanced air  mobility, including eVTOLs and electrical aircraft charging, and  additional building out of their infrastructure.   Lastly, the bill includes AAM that will help reconnect rural  communities, reinvigorating tourism, improving ease of movement, and  connecting rural communities to regional airports.    Mr. Speaker, I was here earlier today, and my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle--and I heard it again  repeated just moments ago--were talking a lot about what this bill  isn't. I am very familiar with what this bill is not.   It isn't a fix to IDEA, although children like my own living with  disabilities would love for us to effectively engage in that.   This isn't a bill about ensuring vocational training, yet we want  vocational training.   This isn't a bill about other aspects of education.   It is about one basic thing: Our schools are not to be used for  shelters.   We wouldn't be here today, nor would I be compelled to present this  legislation, were it not for a failure of this Federal Government--by  the way, I acknowledge it is for generations. This administration is  not taking seriously the crisis at our border, a true humanitarian  crisis.   Earlier today, I heard my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  argue that Governors across this country shouldn't be in the business  of moving undocumented immigrants from one State to another State.   While I might share, and I do, from a very compassionate  perspective--I spent 12 years as a local elected leader responsible for  finding housing and shelter for unaccompanied minors. It was my job to  take those individuals seeking asylum and find them locations, all in  accordance with Federal law, shelters established under Federal law for  the purposes of caring for people.   We would not be here today, nor would this bill be even necessary,  were it not for the reality that the city of New York made a choice.  The city of New York made a decision to be a welcoming, sanctuary city  and, by definition, welcomed individuals from around the world,  irrespective of their status.   Then, when they were confronted with this very real crisis that the  White House and the Federal Government have ignored, the city of New  York chose to declare that schools within New York City could be used  as shelters.   In one elementary school in Brooklyn, the gymnasium was being  prepared to house migrants during the school year while children were  in class. This led to after-school activities, including sports, being  canceled. Additionally, in New York, Governor Kathy Hochul announced  plans to house as many as 1,500 migrants at three different State  universities in Albany, Buffalo, and Stony Brook.   We wouldn't be in this position if the city of New York worked  effectively to address the crisis within the city.   Additionally, I heard earlier today that Governors from other States  should have simply asked the President for financial help. Well, the  same is true in the case of Eric Adams. He, in fact, did ask the  President and the Federal Government for emergency action and  additional financial assistance to contain the crisis within the city  of New York and not export it to other parts of the State, and he was  met with deafening silence.   This is a crisis of significance, and I respect, truly respect, this  desire to be a compassionate people, but it is not compassionate. It is  not compassionate to displace schoolchildren or to close down schools  and convert them into shelters. Earlier today, I was told that that  never would happen while students were there.   Well, schools during the summer months and entering into fall all  across this country are used as centers of community. In some of the  most vulnerable neighborhoods in America, gymnasiums are used for  after-school and summer activities, athletics. The cafeteria is used  for nutrition and school lunches and breakfasts, all there to meet the  needs of needy families.   For children like my own, schools across this country in the summer  months are used to provide therapies and services to those with  intellectual, physical, and developmental disabilities.   I understand what this bill is not, and based on my 30 years of  experience in public office, it is not meant to be cruel to anyone.  There are families in neighborhoods and parents and single moms and  dads in urban centers all across this country who just want the school  used for their children. They want their government to take  responsibility for their actions, whether it is a city that welcomes  people from around the world or the Federal Government responsible for  containing and addressing this humanitarian crisis where it begins, at  our borders.   Like all the other families across this country, I simply ask that  Congress state this very clearly. This isn't about defunding anyone.  This is about making clear that schools are for a single purpose,  centers of community, education, and opportunity for our neighbors.  They are not shelters. That  [[Page H3676]]  is what this bill affirms, a very basic sentiment.   It is one that I confront, no matter how many words others try to put  in our mouths, from a very compassionate perspective. Our kids have  already lost too much, and schools should be used for the purpose of  educating and empowering kids in our neighborhoods.   