 Madam President, I am going to say something that I  don't think ought to be controversial--that Hamas should receive no  U.S. taxpayer dollars. But apparently some people think that is  controversial.   On October 7, Hamas, a terrorist organization dedicated to the  destruction of Israel and to killing Jews, broke the cease-fire and  attacked Israel.   Now, this was not a military attack; these were terrorists who came  across the border to kill civilians. They killed 1,200 Israelis and 33  Americans.   Last week, along with my Senate colleagues, I watched an uncensored  video  [[Page S5789]]  taken from Hamas body cameras, cell phones, on surveillance television,  intercepts of radio and telephone conversations. It was horrific. This  atrocity was perpetrated by barbaric savages. We witnessed them shoot  unarmed civilians. We saw the evidence of young girls raped. We saw the  dead bodies of children, some burned beyond recognition. We watched as  a Hamas terrorist decapitated an Israeli soldier. It was truly  horrifying.   Hamas started the war. They are responsible for every person who died  on that day and every person who has died in Gaza since. They are a  terrorist organization dedicated to destroying Israel. In fact, we  heard some of the phone conversations from Hamas terrorists who called  back their parents, bragging about how many Jews they had killed. It is  absolutely horrific.   We must stand with Israel until Hamas is destroyed utterly. Humanity  will have been done a favor by the State of Israel when Hamas is  destroyed. We also must examine the Biden policies that are supporting  Hamas. I know--yes, I said that. It is crazy, but it is true. The Biden  administration has already given $730 million and wants to add another  $260 million to it.   You see, there is this organization called the United Nations Relief  and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East, and it has  long been documented that they have been infiltrated by Hamas.   This organization, also known as UNRWA, has hired Hamas agents. Their  teachers have been preaching about killing Jews. Their textbooks  glorify martyrdom. They demonize Israelis and sow anti-Semitism. UNRWA  schools have stored weapons facilities for Hamas. There is a U.N.  report that shows UNRWA schools have launched attacks against Israel.  On October 7, UNRWA employees applauded the attack, including 14 UNRWA  teachers. Now we have a report that an UNRWA teacher held one of the  hostages in that teacher's attic, barely feeding the hostage.   This is an organization that has been described as essentially a  branch of Hamas. The Trump administration knew this, and so they cut  off funds, with President Trump saying the organization UNRWA was  irredeemable. Inexplicably, the Biden administration resumed funding  and wants to continue resumed funding.   We must not let our tax dollars go to support Hamas, and that is why  I have introduced the Stop Support for Hamas Act.   This act would make sure no economic development dollars go to Gaza  or to the West Bank until Israel verifies that Hamas has been  dismantled. It would ensure that the Palestinian Authority is not  hiring Hamas or their affiliates. It would strengthen the Taylor Force  Act to make sure the Palestinian Authority does away with this horrific  pay-to-slay policy, and it would ensure that any other NGO that is  working would not hire Hamas or Hamas affiliates.   What we saw on October 7 was inhumane; it was barbaric; it was  horrifying; it was an atrocity--an atrocity committed by Hamas. We must  stand with Israel until Hamas is utterly destroyed.   We must ensure that no more funding from American taxpayers goes to  Hamas through UNRWA as 118 of the terrorists who attacked Israel on  October 7 were educated in UNRWA schools. These schools are part of the  problem, and the Trump administration knew it. I ask all of my  colleagues to support my bill that will end this terrible policy.   