 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for yielding.   To respond to my friend Mr. Newhouse's question, first, I thank him  for his unwavering support for American agriculture. The industry is  lucky to have such a champion. He has been very vocal in addressing  some of the questions. I also thank him for working with us on those  questions. I know he has those concerns, which he brought up, but I am  glad that we have been able to work through many of those.   As majority leader, I can commit that we will continue to work with  Mr. Newhouse on legislation to address the workforce needs of our  agriculture industry.   Mr. Speaker, we have a crisis at our Nation's border. That is why we  are bringing the Secure the Border Act to the floor today. It is why  the President and Secretary Mayorkas should be doing everything in  their power to stop the surge that we are seeing today--maybe 10,000  people coming across illegally.   That is something that Secretary Mayorkas says is not an open border.  I would hate to see his description of an open border if 10,000 people  coming across in 1 day is not.   They are derelict in their duty because they have opened up the  border to the tune of over 5 million people who have come into our  country. That is more than my home State of Louisiana who have come  into our country illegally just in the last 2 years that Joe Biden has  been President.   We have asked where they are going. We asked how they are taking care  of them, who is housing them, whether the kids are going to school.  They don't know.   In fact, The New York Times just reported that the Biden  administration lost track of 85,000 young kids who have come into our  country illegally. How do you lose 85,000 young kids and then say you  don't have a problem and you won't work with Republicans to fix it?   The President actually issued a veto threat on this bill. What does  this bill do? It secures America's border again. It ends catch and  release. It says: Let's get back to rule of law.   We are actually a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. We can  do both, but this President has abandoned the rule of law to the point  where more than 5 million people have come across illegally.   What has it also done? It has brought drugs into our country. The  cartels are running our southern border.   Today, we are going to lose 300 young people to fentanyl deaths  because President Biden opened our southern border. Yesterday, 300  young people died. Tomorrow, another 300 young people in America will  die because the President opened the southern border, and he doesn't  care about it. He issued a veto threat on the bill that would fix it.   House Republicans are not going to sit on the sidelines. We brought a  bill to the floor that everybody should vote for.   Again, get back to rule of law. Give our Border Patrol agents the  tools they need so that if somebody actually has an asylum claim, they  can come and seek asylum the legal way.   Do you want to come to America? We are the most generous Nation in  the world. Legal immigration works.   When you open up the border and bring 5 million people in 2 years, it  undermines the entire legal system, and it breaks down communities not  just at the border but all across America.   This is wreaking devastation all across America, not only the deaths  but all the other things that go with it, and the President won't fix  it.   Today, we can take a step to fix this problem. Mr. Speaker, I urge  all Members to vote for this bill, and I urge the President to get  engaged in working with us to solve this problem. Let's pass the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend for  yielding. I also want to thank you for your unwavering support of  American agriculture. The industry is lucky to have such a strong  advocate and champion in Congress.   I am proud to bring H.R. 2 to the Floor today--it is the strongest  border security bill this House has ever considered. I want to thank  Chairmen Jordan, Green, and McCaul for their tireless work to put  together this bill at such a pivotal time with Title 42 expiring today  and our border crisis only getting worse. And I'd like to thank our  lead sponsors, Mario Diaz-Balart and Tom McClintock--they were both  instrumental in getting this deal done.   Dan, I want to thank you for working with us--I know you have some  concerns, but I am glad we have been able to work through those  concerns.   As Majority Leader, I can commit to you that we will continue to work  with you on legislation to address the workforce needs of our  agriculture industry.   