 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the  Republican select subcommittee to investigate deep state conspiracy  theories.   If you had any doubt about what this committee is really about, about  its true focus, my colleague from Montana just confirmed this is all  about deep state nonsense.   Republicans claim, without merit, that this subcommittee will  investigate the so-called weaponization of the Federal Government. What  it is really intended to do is to undermine the legitimate  investigation of President Trump's incitement of a violent attack on  this building, on this Capitol, on this citadel of democracy, an  investigation that implicates some of the very Members of this body who  want to sit on that committee.   Make no mistake, this investigation, this investigate the  investigators committee, will do deep damage to our national security  and only breed distrust with our national security professionals, who  will be reluctant to share with Congress the information policymakers  need to protect our country.   The committee will also seek to discredit law enforcement like the  FBI, who are so important in the fight against domestic violent  extremism.   Republicans in Congress just don't care. The greatest terrorist  threat to our country comes from violent, rightwing militia groups and  their sympathizers, and Republicans in Congress just don't care.   The last time Republicans were in charge of the House, Kevin McCarthy  [[Page H138]]  pushed to form another bogus select committee, that one on Benghazi. He  did so, as he admitted, to tear down Hillary Clinton's numbers, a  patently political exercise.   Now, McCarthy is at it again, pushed into forming this bogus  subcommittee by the QAnon members of his own Conference.   He sacrificed a lot in his bid for Speaker. That was his choice. Now,  the American people are going to pay the price in the form of a body  blow to our national security.   Vote ``no'' on this ill-considered measure. This is no Church  Committee, not a bipartisan effort to reform government, but a partisan  effort to tear it down, damn the consequences. Vote ``no.''   