 We just heard my friend from Nebraska say that Biden  wants Bidenomics to be all about restoring the American dream. Well,  for most Americans, it is turning out to be a nightmare. Inflation  brought on by the Biden administration's misguided policies has  Americans trying to figure out how to afford everyday necessities. One  thing that they are not buying is the Biden administration's latest  catchphrase: Bidenomics.   Over the Fourth of July break, I held meetings in 24 of Iowa's 99  counties. There was a very common theme there. That common theme was  that families and businesses are struggling with the economic impact of  inflation.   It is not just Iowans who are feeling the pain from the economy under  the Biden administration. According to a recent Associated Press  survey, only 34 percent of Americans approve of President Biden's  handling of our economy. President Biden's message to these Americans  is: Don't believe your bank accounts.   Well, that message doesn't resonate. Iowa families are hit with  ballooning bills and higher prices at every corner. For 2 years, Iowans  have been stretched thin because of decades-high inflation stoked by  Democrats' reckless $2 trillion spending spree, a spending spree that  would not have happened if they had listened to their own Democratic  economists, particularly the outstanding Harvard economist and former  Secretary of Treasury in the Clinton administration and economic  adviser to other Democratic Presidents. Their own Larry Summers told  them, before this President took over, that the economy was already  turning around; don't spend any more money or you will have inflation.   So what do we see? On average, American consumers are facing prices  that are 16 percent higher today than when Biden took office. While  prices have climbed, wages have failed to keep up. American workers  have seen their paychecks shrink by more than 3 percent in real terms.   Now, we heard the word ``transitory''; that inflation was going to be  transitory so you didn't need to worry about it. And this was what the  Biden administration claimed when they took office, and of course  inflation has proved persistent.   Just remember, 1.4 percent inflation the day this President took  office. It rose to 9.1 percent a year ago, and it is still at 4.5  percent.   In its effort to tame inflation, the Fed has hiked interest rates to  the highest level in 16 years, putting mortgages and businesses and  their loans out of reach for more and more Americans. Half of the small  businesses report delaying plans to grow their business due to rising  interest costs.   A rebranding of his far-left agenda as Bidenomics is cold comfort for  Iowans and Americans everywhere who are coping with rising prices,  falling real wages, and ballooning interest rates.   As we saw with last year's partisan tax-and-spending package that the  Democrats named the Inflation Reduction Act, as you see, labels are  often deceiving. Contrary to the bill's name, this partisan tax-and- spending package had nothing to do with reducing inflation or providing  relief to Americans struggling with inflation. The nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office--and I emphasize the word ``nonpartisan''-- confirmed the Inflation Reduction Act will worsen inflation. And, of  course, recent estimates show it will add hundreds of billions more to  the Nation's credit card.   Rather than providing relief for Americans struggling to make ends  meet, this legislation raised Americans' taxes while showering  Democrat-favored industries with corporate handouts with the government  taking an increasing role in choosing winners and losers in our  economy. Unless you are a corporation or a wealthy individual looking  to buy an $80,000 electric SUV, the Democrat ``Inflation Enhancement  Act'' has little to offer. And I think changing the name from the  Inflation Reduction Act to the ``Inflation Enhancement Act'' is exactly  the intellectually honest thing to do.   Bidenomics isn't about growing the economy from the middle out or the  bottom up, as the President claims in almost every speech. It is the  same old top down, Big Government agenda Democrats have always pursued.  It means then, as you know, higher taxes, more reckless spending, and a  growing national debt as far as the eye can see into the future.   It is time for a change in policy, not merely a change in messaging.  President Biden needs to redirect his message to the facts, the real  facts of life, because Bidenomics is not selling.   I yield the floor.   