 Mr. Speaker, I thank our chair of the Energy and Commerce  Committee for yielding.   I rise in support of H.R. 1435, the Preserving Choice in Vehicle  Purchases Act, which is legislation I co-led.   California's Air Resources Board has made the decision to ban the  sale of new internal combustion engines by the year 2035. This action  was a major component in the State's radical climate agenda that is  being forced on their citizens.   Normally, the actions of one State would not require a Federal  response; however, in this case, California's actions extend far beyond  their State's borders and will have consequences for all Americans.  This is because 17 other States follow California's standards,  representing 40 percent of the Nation's car market.   When Congress first set up this process, it never intended for  California to be able to dictate to the rest of the country what types  of vehicles they can purchase. Instead, Congress wanted to give  California additional tools to combat smog levels.    To make matters worse, California has not clearly considered the  impact these actions will have on the Nation's electric grid. As  officials from the DOE and FERC confirmed to me this week, we are going  to need more power, not less power, in this country to meet consumer  demand. If California's Governor is already calling on his residents to  conserve energy now to avoid blackouts and brownouts, how in the world  will the grid be able to handle the load with millions of additional  electric cars?   Additionally, the Biden administration is doing nothing to address  the problem of accessing all the rare earth minerals that we need to  manufacture an all-EV fleet. These materials are controlled by  Communist China who will stand to reap the windfall of these policies.   H.R. 1435 is a commonsense bill because it institutes a check on any  State that seeks to exploit the Clean Air Act. The American people are  the better arbiters of what vehicles will serve their families' needs,  not bureaucrats with political agendas.   Let me be clear: This legislation does not prevent California from  being able to retain a waiver from the U.S. EPA to combat their smog  issues, which was the original intent of the Clean Air Act.   I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation.   