 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, my colleagues and I are down on the  floor, talking about national security.   It is clear--and this is testimony from admirals and generals and  Department of Defense officials over the last few years--that we are  certainly in one of the most dangerous times globally anytime since  World War II. We have this new era of authoritarian aggression, led by  the dictators in Beijing and Moscow, who are very aggressive and  paranoid about their neighbors. They are certainly willing to attack  them. So we need to be strong as a nation.   As a matter of fact, National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan often  talks about situations of strength. Now, this  [[Page S4427]]  is actually a phrase that came from Dean Acheson, one of our fabled  Secretaries of State. When the Cold War began right after World War II,  he talked about confronting the Soviet Union--the strategy of  containment--but emphasized situations of American strength. So that is  a good framework. It is a good framework. Unfortunately, the Biden  administration, especially in a couple of key areas, is not focused on  situations of strength at all. Let me give you two, and I really want  to focus on one.   The first one, of course, is our military. Pretty obvious. It is a  dangerous world. The dictators in Beijing and Moscow understand hard  power, and hard power is U.S. military power. So what have we seen from  the Biden administration since the President came into office? Three  budgets for 3 years in a row that are inflation-adjusted cuts to the  U.S. military. That is a fact. Next year's budget will actually go  below 3 percent of GDP spent on our military. It is probably one of 4  or 5 times in the last 70 years that we have gone that low on  investments in our military at one of the most dangerous times we have  faced since World War II. This year's budget from the Biden  administration shrinks the Army, shrinks the Navy dramatically, and  shrinks the Marine Corps.   Do you think that impresses Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin? It  doesn't. So that is the military going in the wrong direction.   White House, take note. That is not a situation of strength. That is  a situation of weakness.   Here is the other one that is quite remarkable, actually. It is  America's natural resources and energy, and I am talking everything.   We are the envy of the world in terms of oil, gas, renewables,  critical minerals--all of the above. We are the envy of the world, and  what does this administration do from day one--day one?   With this incredible American strength, with this incredible  comparative advantage we have relative to China, there is reporting  that Xi Jinping looks at American energy dominance and knows how  vulnerable they are in terms of importing energy, particularly oil and  gas, and they are frightened by it. Frightened by it. Our biggest  adversary, the Chinese Communist Party, is scared to death of American  energy independence and dominance.   So what does the Biden administration do? On day one, they come into  office, and they say: We are going to shut down the production of  American oil and gas. We are going to go to Wall Street and the  investment firms in America and pressure them not to invest in American  energy, and we are going to kill and delay key infrastructure that  moves energy.   Well, of course, the predictable result is the $90 oil that we are  seeing right now and working families in America being hit the hardest.  That is a fact. What I just stated are facts. That has been the policy  of this administration's since day one.   Of course, it hurts working families, as I mentioned, but this is a  gift to our adversaries, one of the great strengths of the United  States of America that administrations--Democrat and Republican--for  decades have pursued.   Read the history of World War II. A big part of how we won is because  we were the dominant energy producer in the world. We have been seeking  energy independence for decades. We got it during the Trump  administration. The Biden administration comes in and unilaterally  surrenders that great competitive advantage.   How do I know? I see this every day in the great State of Alaska, my  home State.   Alaska has been ground zero on the radical, irrational policies of  the Biden administration to undermine American energy and natural  resource strength. Let me give you two examples.   We have an area in Alaska called the Ambler Mining District. It has  one of the richest deposits of critical minerals anywhere in the world.  There is no road to it. So in Federal law, in 1980, Senator Stevens got  a provision in what is called the ANILCA Act to mandate a road to the  Ambler Mining District.   In most States, if you want to build a road, nobody cares. In my  State, if you want to build a road, every lower 48 radical  environmental group sues to stop it. It is unbelievable, but it is  true. It is sad, but it is true.   So during the Obama administration and the Trump administration, the  State of Alaska applied for a road. They got an environmental impact  statement--it cost about $10 million--a 7-year EIS to build a road to  the Ambler Mining District so America could have critical minerals.  What happened? That is good news, supported by two different  administrations. The day the President of the United States, President  Biden, held a critical mineral summit telling the world that we need  critical minerals to compete with China and for our renewable energy  future, do you know what they did? Do you know what they did, Madam  President? I know you have seen it in your State so I know you are  frustrated on these issues as well. They reversed the Record of  Decision granting Alaska the ability to build this road to the Ambler  Mining District. What? Where are we going to get our critical minerals?  Where are we going to get our oil and gas? We need these things. Let's  get them from America, with the highest standards on the environment in  the world. My State has the highest standards on oil and gas  development in the world.   They said: No. Alaska, go back to ground zero. We will continue to  get our critical minerals from China. And as for oil and gas, we will  shut it down in America.   Where are we going to get it? Well, we have seen this administration.  Three months ago, they lifted sanctions on Venezuela so now we are  importing 100,000 barrels a day from Venezuela. It is a terrorist  country. It doesn't matter. They are still going to import from them.  They have the worst environmental standards in the world. They have a  greenhouse gas emissions profile 20 times higher than the State of  Alaska does in terms of energy production, but we are going to get oil  and gas from Venezuela and shut down Alaska. That is No. 1.   No. 2, the President was recently, last year, over in Saudi Arabia  literally on bended knee begging the Saudis for more oil and gas. But  America, Alaska--no, we are going to shut you down.   And recently--and I know every Member of this body is like what? We  are now going to do a deal with the Iranians, lifting sanctions on  their ability to put oil on world markets. The largest state sponsor of  terrorism, no environmental standards, but we are going to let the  Iranians produce oil and shut it down in America.   We just had another attack on my State--55 Executive orders and  Executive actions from the Biden administration singularly focused on  Alaska to shut my State down. We have so many resources for America,  for Alaskans, for the world. They are shutting them down. And what are  we going to do? We are going to get them from adversaries like  Venezuela, Iran, and other countries. It makes no sense, and it is  illegal as well.   Last week, the Biden administration announced that the lease sales  that this body--the Congress of the United States--mandated for the  Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, they just canceled them. The Secretary  of the Interior said: Hey, I know Congress said shall put out two lease  sales. They said: We didn't like the process by which they were given  out so we just canceled them.   This is ``banana republicville.'' This is Venezuela. That is what we  are doing in terms of energy security.   It is national security suicide when we favor our adversaries who  have no environmental standards at all and we shut down the production  of American energy in Alaska, in America, in the gulf.   In August, they took over a million acres of land from the State of  Wyoming to produce energy. It makes no sense. It makes no sense.   If you care about the environment, you need to produce it from the  place with the highest environmental standards, not the lowest. That is  my State. If you care about energy security, you should produce from  America, not Iran or Venezuela. If you care about American workers--the  best workers in the world who get paid a very high wage to work in the  oil and gas fields in my State--you should produce in America and  Alaska, not Saudi Arabia.   None of it makes sense. It is national security suicide, and the vast  majority  [[Page S4428]]  of the American people know it. They know it, and it has got to change.   I yield the floor.   