 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership, his  [[Page H2496]]  friendship, and for having this Special Order tonight.   We have talked about a lot of different species this evening, and I  rise to discuss the misuse of the Endangered Species Act as it pertains  to the lesser prairie chicken and its negative impact on farmers,  ranchers, agriculture, and oil producers throughout The Big First  District of Kansas.   On April 19, President Biden didn't listen to Congress when it came  to our bipartisan joint resolution of disapproval on his  administration's flawed and burdensome Waters of the U.S. or WOTUS  rule. He vetoed it.   Soon, I hope that President Biden will have another opportunity to  listen to producers when it comes to the lesser prairie chicken.   Last year, the Biden administration proposed the listing of the  northern and southern distinct populations of the lesser prairie  chicken as threatened and endangered, respectively, under the  Endangered Species Act. That ruling became active this March.   Under the Endangered Species Act, the normal activity of agriculture  and energy production can be construed as harm and harassment of the  listed species and thus prohibited.   This rule fails to provide adequate protections for producers, even  going so far as to require third-party approved grazing plans for  ranchers.   To make matters worse, when the lesser prairie chicken rule went into  effect in March, the Fish and Wildlife Service had not approved any  third parties. To date, there are only three across the entire habitat  area.   Grazing plans change, and ranchers are always adapting. It is  unacceptable to force ranchers to agree to a grazing plan under the  threat of a fine.   This is another example of Big Government overreach jeopardizing the  livelihoods of American producers. The truth is, the lesser prairie  chicken population thrives or dwindles based on rainfall, not the  activity of agriculture energy producers.   In response to this misguided listing, which would add to President  Biden's other policies that threaten our Nation's food security and  energy independence, I introduced a joint resolution of disapproval  under the Congressional Review Act to strike it down.   On April 28, the Committee on Natural Resources passed my resolution.  On May 3, the U.S. Senate passed their version of the same resolution.   The designation of the lesser prairie chicken as threatened in places  like Kansas is unacceptable, and this rule should have no force or  effect until Congress is consulted.    I have been working hard on this issue since being elected to  Congress, and I am encouraged to see that it passed the U.S. Senate.   Now it is time for my colleagues in the House to decide whether they  want to stand for Big Government over regulation that will put  producers out of business or stand for producers' rights to their  private property and self-determination.   If my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives are willing to  listen to producers, the resolution will pass and make its way to  President Biden's desk.   If that happens, I hope that President Biden will listen to the  people this time.   