 Mr. President, today is Tax Day, and I think it is  probably fair to say it is not most Americans' most favorite day. No  one enjoys writing a check to the IRS or contemplating just how much of  his or her yearly earnings goes to the Federal Government, especially  when the Federal Government doesn't always make the best use of  taxpayer dollars.   If you have a question for the IRS, things can get even more grim.  The IRS does not exactly have a reputation for excellent customer  service. During fiscal year 2021, the Agency answered just 11 percent  of the 282 million calls it received--11 percent. That means that 250  million taxpayer calls went unanswered--250 million. And 2022 was  barely better. During fiscal year 2022, 87 percent of taxpayer calls-- 87 percent--went unanswered. Any business with a customer service  record like that would soon be out of business.   That is not even the worst of it. On top of its customer service  problems, the IRS has a troubling record of mishandling taxpayer data.  Everyone remembers the infamous targeting of conservative groups for  extra scrutiny under the Obama IRS. Then there was the 2021 leak or  hack of confidential taxpayer information that ended up in the hands of  the left-leaning organization ProPublica and was used to advance a  partisan agenda. Last September, the IRS reported that it had  inadvertently posted confidential taxpayer data for around 120,000  individuals on its website. Then, after fixing its mistake, the IRS  inadvertently made much of that same information public again just 2  months later.   It is no surprise that interacting with the IRS doesn't exactly  inspire confidence. Given the IRS's record, you would think everyone  could agree the Agency is ripe for reform. Democrats, however,  apparently thought the Agency was simply ripe for more funding, a lot  more funding--funding targeted not toward reforming taxpayer services  but overwhelmingly toward increasing tax enforcement.   The so-called Inflation Reduction Act Democrats passed last August  contained a staggering $80 billion for the IRS. Just 4 percent of that  funding--4 percent out of $80 billion--was earmarked for improving  taxpayer services. More than half, roughly $46 billion, was earmarked  for increased audits and other tax collection efforts.   But that is not all. President Biden is now proposing to boost the  IRS's budget by 15 percent next year--over and above the massive  funding boost the IRS already received from the Inflation Reduction  Act. And it doesn't even end there. The President's budget would also  provide a separate and additional $29 billion to the IRS for  enforcement--again, in addition to the $46 billion for enforcement the  IRS received last August.   I don't need to tell anyone that President Biden's campaign to flood  the IRS with unprecedented funding is motivated not by a desire to  improve the Agency's performance but by a need to find money to help  offset some of the cost of Democrats' Green New Deal schemes and other  big-government spending.   There is reason to be concerned about where the President will be  getting all this money he expects to collect. The IRS has pledged not  to use its increased funding to raise audit rates on small businesses  and households making under $400,000 a year ``relative to historic  levels.'' But not only is it not clear what the Agency means by  ``historic levels,'' there is also nothing to prevent the Biden IRS  from going back on that commitment--if, for example, the President  finds he can't pay for his Green New Deal schemes just by increasing  audits of higher earning taxpayers.   Suddenly and dramatically increasing the size of any government  Agency is a cause for concern. Are there plans in place to make sure  the money is used wisely, efficiently? Can the Agency in question  handle such a swift expansion? These are serious questions no matter  what Agency we are talking about, but these questions are particularly  relevant when the Agency in question--in this case, the IRS--is already  doing a poor job of handling its basic responsibilities.   Any funding infusion like the $80 billion the IRS received in August  should  [[Page S1152]]  be paired with commensurate oversight measures, including a requirement  for a comprehensive strategy and effective execution from the IRS and  appropriate safeguards and accountability for taxpayers. But that,  interestingly enough, is something Democrats failed to include in their  legislation, and they have shown little interest in IRS oversight  since.   That cannot continue.   We need to put safeguards in place to ensure that the tens of  billions of dollars Democrats have funneled to the IRS are being used  responsibly and efficiently and that the IRS is not mismanaging its tax  collection powers.   The National Taxpayer Advocate has noted that the money from the so- called Inflation Reduction Act has been ``disproportionately allocated  for enforcement activities and should be reallocated to achieve a  better balance with taxpayer service needs and IT modernization.''   ``We need to put taxpayers first,'' the advocate said, and she is  right. But, unfortunately, Democrats' priority is not taxpayers; it is  tax collection.   Earlier this year, I introduced legislation along with Senator Chuck  Grassley, cosponsored by all Senate Finance Committee Republicans, to  improve oversight and hold the IRS accountable for its spending  decisions. Our legislation, the IRS Funding Accountability Act, would  require the IRS to provide Congress with an annual plan for how the  Agency intends to use its new funding--a plan that could be rejected by  Congress with a joint resolution of disapproval.   The IRS would also be required to provide Congress with quarterly  updates on implementation of the spending plans, and there would be  real consequences for failing to submit plans and reports on time,  including the rescission of funds until the IRS complies with reporting  requirements.   The IRS did recently release an underwhelming report on how it  intends to spend its funding windfall, but the report, which was  submitted more than 45 days late, was exceptionally vague and short on  important details. Our legislation would require the IRS to put forward  detailed plans on time and ensure that Congress has the ability to  prevent misuse of funds or violations of taxpayer receipts. And I would  hope that my Democrat colleagues would recognize the need for this kind  of commonsense legislation.   Any massive funding infusion to a Federal Agency needs to be  accompanied by meaningful oversight to protect taxpayer dollars and  doubly so when it comes to an Agency like the IRS with a track record  for poor customer service and mishandling Americans' priority  information. As we move forward, I will continue to do everything I can  to push for accountability at the IRS to make sure that taxpayers'  rights are respected and that Americans' tax dollars are being used  responsibly.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   