 Mr. Chair, the chairman has indicated he supports this en  bloc amendment, and I support that, as well. I do not support the bill.   I want to speak on the bill, and I rise today to speak against the  majority's inability or unwillingness to govern--take your pick.   Republicans have had 9 months to pass all their spending bills. They  passed one. Now they are struggling to pass the rest 96 hours before  the government shuts down.   It is the theater of the absurd. They did not merely sit on their  hands, they actively slowed down this process with manufactured debt- limit crises, an illegitimate impeachment inquiry, and the meaningless  messaging bills that will never become law.   Wasting our time with these pointless proposals is not just inept,  irresponsible, and idiotic, it is dangerous. It is costly. It is  unwarranted.   This bill is supposed to be about Homeland Security. We can have a  legitimate debate about that.   Instead, however, this bill, this entire process makes our Nation  less secure and for what? A laundry list of far-right poison pills that  prevent Congress from addressing the challenges at hand.   How much time is spent on these pointless, negative, and unacceptable  provisions of these bills, other than what these bills actually are  supposed to do?   Do we want to pad the ego of some extreme rightwing Members or pay  the border agents and servicemembers who protect America?   Do we indulge in petulant tantrums or uphold our oath of office?   Do we want to help the partisan fringe secure a segment on Newsmax or  keep our government functioning for the people?   A shutdown isn't a cudgel to score political points. It is a  consequence of failed governance that should be avoided at all costs.   Republicans, the majority of whom do not want this path to be  followed, should say no.    Mr. Chair, I believe the majority of the Republicans don't  want to go down this path, but I say to the majority of Republicans:  Shut them up. Let's work in a bipartisan manner. We will have an  overwhelming vote as we did with the debt limit. Over 300 of us voted  to do the rational, necessary thing. We could do that again. How sad  that we are not doing it.   Republicans ought to have learned by now after shutting down the  Federal Government for 81 days since 1995, costing the American people  billions of dollars and the confidence of the American people and our  allies abroad. I fear they are about to add to that shameful tally.    Mr. Chair, I urge Republicans to work with us to pass a  clean continuing resolution just as Mitch McConnell and 26 Republicans  did yesterday.   Now, they haven't gotten it to us yet. There is one Republican  holding it up.   Stop holding America hostage. Start holding your members accountable.   Govern as if Americans are depending upon us because they are.   