 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to  speak for 5 minutes and that, following my remarks, Senator Blumenthal  be allowed to speak for 5 minutes.    Mr. President, I rise to express my support for three  military leaders whom we will soon be voting on: ADM Lisa Franchetti,  Gen. David Allvin, and Lt. Gen. Christopher Mahoney. These are some of  the finest leaders our Nation has to offer, and America is stronger  because of their service and their sacrifice.   I am particularly proud to support the nomination of ADM Lisa  Franchetti to be the next Chief of Naval Operations. Admiral Franchetti  brings a wealth of experience and expertise to this position. She has  served in leadership roles at every level throughout the Navy, both  ashore and at sea, and with postings around the globe. She has served  as commander of U.S. Naval Forces Korea; commander of Carrier Strike  Group 9; commander of Carrier Strike Group 15; commander of U.S. Sixth  Fleet; commander of U.S. Naval Forces Europe and U.S. Naval Forces  Africa; and director for strategy, plans, and policy on the Joint  Staff, among many other operational roles. She has worked her way up  the ranks in the U.S. Navy. She has commanded at sea. She has accepted  and has excelled at every challenge that is presented to her. She is  superbly prepared to be the Chief of Naval Operations.   As the current Vice Chief and now as the Acting Chief of Naval  Operations, she brings an important perspective on the key challenges  for the Navy. Her understanding of the Joint Force and the Navy's ever- expanding role within it will be critical.    I want to acknowledge the historic nature of Admiral Franchetti's  nomination. If confirmed, she will be the first woman to serve as CNO  and the first woman on the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I am glad we have  reached this moment.   At every step of her career, Admiral Franchetti has been a  trailblazer and a team builder who focuses on the mission, leads by  example, and gets the job done. She is an inspiration to many and  someone who will always put the security of our Nation and all who  defend it first--first before herself, first before anything else.  Those are the qualities that make an outstanding officer and an  outstanding leader.   Indeed, the Navy faces a dangerous and evolving global security  environment. Threats from Russia, Iran, North Korea, and violent  extremist groups remain persistent, and the Navy has an important role  to play in addressing them. But the clear, pacing challenge for our  naval forces is China. In the Indo-Pacific and in seas and ports around  the world, the U.S. Navy will continue to be the first line of  deterrence and defense against China's expanding global ambitions.   I am confident that Admiral Franchetti has the skills and experience  to meet this challenge and provide the Nation's sailors, their  families, and Navy civilian employees with the leadership they deserve.  [[Page S5325]]    I urge my colleagues to vote for Admiral Franchetti's nomination.    Mr. President, I know of no debate on the nomination.    Mr. President, I know of no debate on the nomination.   