 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, everyone understands that if you add  recipients to a program that has limited resources, the benefits of  that program get diluted amongst those who are still receiving it. In  essence, the safety net becomes stretched and sometimes may even break,  which is why I rise in support of my amendment to eliminate a loophole  in the SNAP program that is called the geographic work requirement  waivers.   These waivers have been abused for years by State bureaucracies to  waive work requirements in areas with record-low unemployment and  particularly waive them for able-bodied individuals, the very people  who should be working.   Current law allows for States to waive work requirements for those  individuals in certain limited circumstances, but States have used this  loophole to waive work requirements completely. In fact, 18 States have  completely waived these work requirements. My amendment prevents this  from happening.   Having work requirements for food stamps or for SNAP is not a new or  radical idea. It has been around since the 1990s. It was a bipartisan  agreement that occurred, and it is a commonsense approach to ensure  that those who can work should be working, thereby promoting self- sufficiency while reducing the burden on taxpayers.   Congress intended for these to be limited, but obviously, just like  anything else the Federal Government touches, its intent has been  distorted to ensure as many people as possible are dependent on the  government.   The USDA, in the late days of the Clinton administration, issued  these loopholes, but now they have exploded to the point where 70  percent of able-bodied adults do not have to be required to do any work  requirements.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Harris).    Madam Chair, this program has blown up and expanded-- nearly a 60 percent increase since 2020 alone. This addition of  individuals who are able-bodied is jeopardizing the program that we  should make sure is available for individuals who truly need it, those  individuals who are disabled, parents with children, and anyone who is  a student. Those are the individuals who we all see and want to provide  a safety net to.   Let's not let these programs, which are so valuable to them, be  diluted by individuals who should be working.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   