 Mr. President, I rise today to support Senator Marshall's  resolution of disapproval of this outrageous rule.   I have to say, as I sat here on the Senate floor, I listened to my  friend from Hawaii give his floor remarks. As I listened to what he  said, I wrote down some of what he said. He said ``Kids need to eat.''  He said ``Don't take the food away from children.'' And he said ``Don't  drag children into the culture wars.''   I have to admit, Mr. President, I felt like I was in ``Alice in  Wonderland'' and that I had gone through the looking glass because I  agree emphatically with all three of those statements; and, for a  moment there, I thought the Senator from Hawaii had given a speech in  support of this resolution of disapproval.   What is this issue about? Understand what it is about. It is Joe  Biden and the Democrats who are taking food away from children. The  U.S. Department of Agriculture has told schools: We will cut off your  school lunch funding. We will take the food off of your plates and out  of your mouths unless the schools comply with the Biden  administration's radical transgender policies.   It is Joe Biden and the Democrats and every Democrat who votes in  favor of this policy who are saying: We are going to take food away  from kids. Why? Because to today's Democratic Party, feeding children-- and, mind you, we are talking about low-income kids, many of whom the  only food they get that day, they get at school--and the Democrats are  going to say: We are taking away your food. Why? Because today's  Democrat Party is committed to the proposition that a boy who  identifies as a girl should be allowed to use the girls' restrooms;  should be allowed to shower with teenage girls, even if the girls don't  want it; that 10-, 12-, 14-, 15-year-old girls should be forced to  shower naked next to someone who is biologically male. This is not  hypothetical. Members of the Judiciary Committee listened to the  testimony of Riley Gaines, a national champion swimmer who was forced,  under these same idiotic policies, to shower in a shower next to  someone biologically male with full male equipment. She wasn't asked  for her consent. I ask the women in this Chamber: How many of you would  be excited to be forced to shower with someone biologically of the  opposite sex?    Today's Democratic Party has embraced the radical and extremes. When  it comes to sports, their view also is that boys should be able to  compete against girls in sports and men should be able to compete  against women in sports. And this is happening all over the country.  [[Page S5209]]    I believe in women's sports. I believe in girls' sports. I have two  young daughters. Sports are amazing for girls to learn discipline, hard  work, and teamwork. Title IX has opened doors for young women to go to  college. And yet the Democrats' extreme transgender ideology is  destroying girls' sports and women's sports.   This is not a matter of gender or gender identity; this is a matter  of fairness. Anyone who is not consumed by ideology understands there  is a difference between boys and girls. There are biological  differences between boys and girls. There is a reason why, recently, in  Canadian power lifting, a biological male won the women's power  lifting, beating the second-place competitor by, if I remember  correctly, 463 pounds. It is not fair to force little girls to compete  against biological boys.   The Democrats don't care about fairness. They care about extreme  ideology. And every Democrat who votes against this CRA is voting to  take the food from hungry kids because that is how radical they are in  enforcing this policy.   I urge every Senator to vote aye.   