 Mr. President, I rise today to honor an extraordinary Texan  and  [[Page S2210]]  an incredibly dear friend. Karon Kaye Tinsley Goolsby passed away on  Monday, June 19, 2023.   Kaye is someone who has been an incredible friend to me for two  decades now. She lived in Katy, TX, and was married to the love of her  life, Gary. Their son Greg was born in 1981. She loved her family. She  loved her grandkids.   Kaye was a grassroots organizer unlike any other. Kaye was incredibly  active in the Texas Federation of Republican Women and in the National  Federation of Republican Women.   I still remember when I first met Kaye. It was 2004. It was at the  Republican National Convention. I was a 33-year-old young lawyer. I was  serving as the solicitor general in Texas, and I had hopes to run for  office, but I didn't know a whole lot of people in politics. At that  convention, I met Kaye.   She lit up any room she was in. She had a personality that was  incandescent. As Kaye would later observe, for some reason, this kid-- that would be me--just followed her everywhere she went. And at the end  of the day, it wasn't complicated. Kaye knew everybody.   When I followed Kaye from one grassroots activist to another to  another, Kaye would turn around and introduce me to one after the  other, after the other, after the other and say: Have you met Ted? Have  you met Ted? Have you met Ted? She had the energy of an atom bomb. It  was unstoppable.   Kaye became one of my very closest friends and most trusted advisers.  When I first launched a campaign for attorney general of Texas, I  remember sitting in Kaye's car for about 3 hours trying to convince her  to come support our campaign, that I needed her. She, quite rightly,  said: Are you out of your mind? You don't have the support. You don't  have the money. You don't have the name ID. How on Earth can you  possibly win?   My answer was: Kaye, with your support, we can do anything.   After about 3 hours, her husband Gary, who is also a dear friend,  told her: Kaye, just say yes. He is going to keep asking you until you  do.   She finally laughed and said yes.   That race for attorney general never ended up materializing. The  vacancy we thought existed ended up not happening.   But 2 years later, I launched a campaign for U.S. Senate, and Kaye  was my grassroots chairman. I will tell you, in that race, I was  supposed to have no prayer. My opponent in that race was the incumbent  Lieutenant Governor, who was personally worth $200 million, who had put  $35 million of his own money in the race, and I had never been elected  to anything. The last thing I was elected to was the student council.  But we had a weapon unlike anything else: We had Kaye.   You have to understand, Kaye would be on three cell phones at once,  calling people relentlessly. She would greet them all the same way. She  would go: Hey, sugar. And ``sugar''--she could drag that second  syllable out for three sentences. And she would be talking to people  all over the State.   Early on in the Senate campaign, we rolled out a list of Republican  women leaders in TFRW across the State who would endorse my campaign.  We rolled out a list. It was like a cannon shot. It shocked everyone.  That was 100 percent Kaye. That was Kaye on the phone with one after  the other, after the other, saying: Trust me. This kid, he is going to  do what he said.   After that, a few weeks later, we rolled out a second endorsement  list with over 80 leaders of the Republican Women's Club all over the  State.   In response to that release, my opponent in that race fired his  campaign manager. That is how big a deal it was. He had assumed that  all the Republican Women's Clubs across the State would be with him.  But he did not understand that when you had Kaye working the phones,  and working the phones, and working the phones--and I would travel  around with Kaye from event to event to event, and she couldn't be  stopped. She would take me to this person, to that person, to the next  person. It was relentless.   In 2016, when I ran for President, Kaye was my national grassroots  chairman. Kaye and I spent hundreds of hours on the bus together in  Iowa and out on the ground in New Hampshire and South Carolina and all  over the country. And, I will tell you, Kaye would talk to Republican  women in every State.   Mr. President, you are from the great State of Hawaii. I guarantee  you, Kaye was on the phone with Republican women in the State of  Hawaii.   She had an energy that was fiery. And, boy, she could get mad. Kaye  has chewed me out probably more than my wife Heidi has. She would get  mad at this or that or whatever you did, and she would tell you exactly  what she thought.   I remember, once, Kaye was really mad at me. I don't even remember  for what. But I had to drive all the way out to her house in Katy, TX,  and sit in her living room while she spent about an hour and a half  explaining to me how I had screwed something up that she was mad at me  for.   She also made me eat some of her homemade brownies. Kaye had a lot of  wonderful gifts, but cooking was not one of them. And the brownies were  pretty terrible, but I told Kaye they were delicious and I appreciated  it and I took my medicine.   Kaye and I, as we were talking to Republican women's groups--I used  to say all the time that ``Republican women are the heart and soul''-- and when I say that, Kaye, from the back of the room, would call out,  ``and the brains,'' and everyone would laugh, and I would say, ``and  the brains of the Republican Party.''   It started off as an ad-lib joke, but it became something we said all  over the State and eventually all over the country.   Kaye had kidney disease and liver disease. She spent the last several  months waiting on the list for a transplant. Kaye was a tiny lady. She  needed a small liver. Several times it looked like they were going to  find a liver, a kidney.   Just a few weeks ago, I got a text from Gary: It looks like we have  got one. Surgery is tomorrow.   That next morning, I woke up praying for Kaye, until I got a text a  couple of hours later that said the surgery fell through; the  transplant wasn't a match.   I have never known someone like Kaye Goolsby. Kaye loved this  country--loved it. She loved Texas. And she was so fierce and so full  of life.   When Kaye passed, I texted her husband, and I later put out on  Twitter--I said the angels were weeping and so am I. But I will tell  you this: I have no doubt that, right now up in Heaven, Kaye Goolsby is  organizing and reorganizing everything. She is going to the angels  saying: This isn't right. You need to change this. You need to move  this over here. We can do better.   After a long struggle with liver and kidney disease, Kaye has gone to  be with the Lord. Those of us she left behind, we are hurting. We will  miss her. I will still wonder, when my phone rings, if on the other end  is going to be that lilting southern accent saying: ``Hey, sugar.'' But  we are going to have to wait a little while to hear it again.   This is one of my favorite pictures. You can see the joy. She could  laugh. She brought that joy to everyone else. Her grandkids called her  Kaye-Kaye. My daughters called her Kaye-Kaye too.   To Kaye Goolsby, my dear, dear friend, the heart and soul and the  brains, we love you, Kaye.   I yield the floor.   