 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to  speak for up to 30 minutes so that my colleagues and I can participate  in a live unanimous consent prior to the scheduled rollcall vote.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of free speech and  in support of AM radio. AM radio is something that is widely enjoyed by  Americans across this country. Over 80 million Americans listen to AM  radio every month. They rely on it. Yet, earlier this year, we saw  eight major automakers announce that they are stripping AM radio from  new cars and new trucks, taking away the option of AM radio for  consumers.   That decision, I believe, was a serious mistake--a mistake that would  hurt Texans and that would hurt Americans in all 50 States. As a  result, I join with my colleague, the Senator from Massachusetts, Ed  Markey, in introducing legislation--the AM Radio for Every Car Act.   I would note that Senator Markey is one of if not the most liberal  Senator in this Chamber, and I am one of if not the most conservative  Senator in this Chamber. I do not recall another bill on which Senator  Markey and I have joined forces, and it speaks to the power of this  issue that you see such deep agreement across ideological lines.   When Senator Markey and I introduced that legislation, within days,  one of the eight major carmakers--Ford Motor Company--reversed course  and announced they would now include AM radio on new cars and trucks. I  think they viewed this coalition as a sign of the apocalypse. I would  note that this bill has overwhelming bipartisan support. It has 44  cosponsors, 22 Democrats and 22 Republicans.   When we took it up in the Commerce Committee, it passed out of the  Commerce Committee with overwhelming bipartisan support, and why is  that? Because on the merits, this bill is the right thing to do for the  American people.   No. 1, in times of disaster, AM radio is the single most reliable  medium for communicating about a natural disaster. I remember when  Hurricane Harvey hit my home city of Houston and the entire Texas gulf  coast, the enormous challenges, people relied on AM radio.   When other forms of communication go down, AM radio is consistently  the most resilient to help people get out of harm's way, whether it is  getting out of the way of a hurricane or getting out of the way of a  tornado or getting out of the way of a forest fire or any other  disaster, AM radio is there to help people know where to go and how to  keep their families alive.   But, secondly, AM radio is particularly important for rural America.  Texas has enormous quantities of our State that is rural. And in rural  America, there are many parts of Texas, many parts of other States,  where farmers and ranchers--the only thing they can get is AM radio.  And when they are out on their farms and ranches, they rely on AM radio  for weather reports, for crop reports, for news, for sports, for  entertainment. Taking away the option for rural America of AM radio is  bad--bad--for farmers and ranchers in America.   But, No. 3, diversity. AM radio promotes a diversity of views. Why?  Because the barriers of entry to getting into AM radio are relatively  low. To start an FM station is quite expensive. An AM station is much  cheaper to start and to operate, and, as a consequence, we see a  beautiful array of diversity of views reflected on AM radio nationally.  There are 296 AM stations that are owned by Hispanics.   Nationally, there are 138 AM stations that are owned by African  Americans. Nationally, there are 104 AM stations that are owned by  Asian Americans. Nationally, there are 14 AM stations that are owned by  American Indians or Alaskan Natives. Nationally, there are four AM  radio stations owned by Native Hawaiians and Pacific Islanders. And  nationally, there are 385 AM radio stations that are owned by women.   If we wanted diversity of views, AM radio is critically important,  and I would note, the support for this bill is broad and far-ranging.  Seven former FEMA Directors have called for the Senate and the House to  pass this bill as soon as possible, saying that ``the AM Radio for  Every Vehicle Act is critical to ensuring Federal, State, and local  officials can keep the public safe.''   That sentiment was echoed by multiple emergency response  organizations, such as the International Association of Fire Chiefs,  Big City Emergency Managers, and the National Association of Counties.   All 50 State broadcaster associations have called on Congress to pass  this bill. In addition to media groups, including the National  Association of Black-Owned Broadcasters, the National Urban League, and  OCA-Asian Pacific American Advocates.   The bill has received the support of many agricultural and livestock  groups. And the AARP has likewise shared their support for this bill,  noting that ``adults age 50 and above represent the largest share of AM  radio listeners, but they also represent those most at risk from  disaster events.''   This is a bipartisan bill that makes sense, that preserves consumer  choice.  [[Page S5737]]  This bill should pass easily, and yet it is not going to pass this  afternoon.   My friend the Senator from Kentucky, it is my understanding, intends  to object. And I would note that one aspect of AM radio is particularly  important to Texans and to the citizens of Kentucky and to people all  across this country, which is that AM radio is a haven for free speech.  AM radio is a haven for people to speak, even if their views are  disfavored by the political ruling class.   Talk radio is an oasis for conservative speech. Rush Limbaugh would  not exist without AM radio. The views of my friend the Senator from  Kentucky would be heard by many fewer people without AM radio, whether  Mark Levin or Sean Hannity or Glenn Beck. Allowing free speech is  important. I believe these automakers stood up to remove AM radio as  part of a broader pattern we see of censoring views that are disfavored  by Big Business. I think this is consistent with what Big Tech has  done--silencing views they disagree with.   And so this bill is all about preserving consumer choice, letting  consumers decide. If you don't want to listen to AM radio, turn it off.  But you know what, if the automakers all come together and say: You  can't turn it on because we are not going to put it in your car; we are  not going to put it in your truck; you don't have the right to choose  what you will listen to, I think that is profoundly harmful for our  country, profoundly harmful for free speech. And so I hope this body  can actually act in support of Americans in harm's way in a disaster,  in support of farmers and ranchers who rely on AM radio, in support of  a diversity of views speaking online, and in support of free speech for  whatever your views, whether they are rightwing, leftwing, or no wings  at all. AM radio lets people speak and make the case in John Stuart  Mill's marketplace of ideas.   Accordingly--actually, before I do this, I would like to yield to my  colleague from Massachusetts--oh, OK.   Accordingly, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that  the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 208,  S. 1669; further, that the committee-reported substitute amendment be  agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time  and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I want to briefly respond to the arguments  raised by the Senator from Kentucky and then yield the floor to Senator  Lujan from New Mexico.   Mr. President, the Senator from Kentucky suggested that free speech  has nothing to do with the actions of private companies censoring  citizens, and I am going to suggest that is a very cribbed version of  free speech.   The Senator from Kentucky argued: All we should care about is  government restrictions of speech.   But, apparently, that means there is no role to do anything to  protect free speech rights from Big Tech companies that censor and  silence and deplatform voices they disagree with, that abuse their  monopoly power to silence voices.   I will tell you, I have been proud to earn support from libertarians  across Texas and across the country, and it is a strange libertarian  view that supports Big Tech censorship of free  [[Page S5739]]  speech. Being a libertarian does not mean being an anarchist, and I  would suggest there is a role for government rules and regulations that  are liberty enhancing and choice enhancing, and that is what this  choice is.   The Senator from Kentucky said: Well, consumers could just choose to  turn on the AM radio.   Well, no, they can't, if you have eight automakers working in concert  to take that choice away from them. This is all about giving them that  choice.   Secondly, I would say, the Senator from Kentucky suggested consumers  would pay more.   Mr. President, the status quo is AM radio is in the cars and trucks  right now, and it is not just electric vehicles the carmakers are  pulling it from. It is every vehicle including internal combustion  vehicles. This is about stripping consumer choice and killing AM radio.   I hope the majority leader will schedule this bill for a vote  because, if he did, it would pass with an overwhelming vote on the  floor of the Senate. And I hope the Senator from Kentucky will  reconsider because this bill would have passed today, were it not for  two words from the Senator of Kentucky: ``I object.'' That is the only  reason this bill has not passed today.   I yield to Senator Lujan.   