 Madam Chair, I can make posters, too. I  think I got the right backdrop there. Let's talk a little bit about  credibility. Let's talk a little bit about the challenges that this  country is experiencing, like the little girl on the playground and  what our families across America are experiencing right now. Let's talk  about why.   This body is about credibility. It is about your word. Let's talk a  little bit about why America is experiencing the challenges that they  are. We are seeing higher electricity prices that are making American  families unable to be able to afford medicine and groceries, refuel  their car, or pay electricity bills. Why is that happening?   It is happening because my friends across the aisle have refused to  produce American energy. It is a supply and demand issue. This happened  when they gained power. The day the President of the United States was  inaugurated, Madam Chair, gasoline prices in my home State were as low  as a $1.74 a gallon. Let me ask you, where in the world are you going  to find that today?   You have cut off production of oil and gas. Don't take my word for  it. You know, one term I have never heard anybody say is bring back  that Jimmy Carter energy policy. Yet, when Jimmy Carter was President,  he leased 100 times more acres of the lands and waters for energy  production. Why do we have a crisis in energy right now?   It was self-inflicted. Why has this administration and these  Democrats sold off hundreds of millions of barrels of oil from our  Strategic Petroleum Reserve, the emergency reserve that was designed  for crises, not awful policy?   It is because they refused to produce energy. You have created a  supply problem, and you are using our emergency reserves to address it.   You sit here and also raise royalty rates. You proposed increased  pipeline fees. You proposed taxes or enacted taxes on American energy,  all driving up the costs, then you sit here and wonder why we have high  prices? These were all self-inflicted wounds. You did this to America-- your policies.   Madam Chair, it is remarkable seeing what is going on right now,  listening to my friends across the aisle talking about the environment.  Yet, their own legislation requires the use of critical minerals that  they at the same time have banned or prevented from being mined or  processed or refined in the United States.   In some cases, China has 80 percent of these critical minerals locked  up. If you force markets in the direction and if you force the use of  those strategic materials, and the only place that has it is China, who  are you benefiting?   China loves their energy policies. They benefit from it. All roads  lead to China. Over 80 percent of the solar panels are made in China.  Whenever this administration found that China was illegally subsidizing  and illegally dumping solar panels in the United States, they banned  them and put tariffs on them.   China then starts sending them through other countries. And you know  what this administration does? They say: Yeah, that is fine. They  acknowledge that there were Chinese solar panels being sent through  other countries, and they allowed it. The Biden administration allowed  it, and my friends across the aisle have done nothing to stop it.   The truth is, is that emissions have gone up under their policies,  not down. Madam Chair, let me say that again. Under the previous  administration, emissions went down. Greenhouse gas emissions went down  an average of 2\1/2\ percent a year.   In the first year of the Biden administration, my friends across the  aisle working with them closely, emissions went up 6 percent last year  and went up another 1.3 or 1.4 percent. I am going to say it again. My  friends across the aisle and their policies have resulted in higher  greenhouse gas emissions. They have increased our dependence upon  foreign energy sources.   We had the Secretary of the Interior standing right in our committee,  and he wasn't even aware that we had become increasingly dependent upon  Russian energy.   They talk about corporate welfare. I agree, which is why the over  $600 billion that my friends across the aisle have put toward  effectively bribing companies into investing in renewable energy  sources that in many cases are not economic, simply doesn't make sense.   This bill follows logic. It follows good policy. It ensures that we  are getting energy resources from the United States. It ensures the  affordability by bringing American energy online. It results in lower  global emissions.   Madam Chair, I urge support of this legislation.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Sam Graves, for his  leadership on this issue.   Mr. Chairman, let me describe the situation that we are facing right  now. The Clean Water Act, as has been noted, was enacted decades and  decades ago. There haven't been changes that altered the way that  States are able to grant water certification under section 401 of the  Clean Water Act. There have been no changes that have altered the way  that this act takes place.   Yet, in recent history, States have begun using the Clean Water Act  in its 401 water certification section in a way that simply weaponizes  it. The States' decisions in many cases to object to projects being  built in their States have nothing to do with water certification.   I can cite example after example, including by some of my friends on  the other side of the aisle, who may be in the Chamber, where their  States have objected to pipelines on grounds that, again, have nothing  to do with clean water. This is a weaponization that has occurred in  just recent history.   All the amendment does that the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr.  Rouzer) led in this case is it simply ensures that the interpretation  of the Clean Water Act is consistent with congressional intent when  this was implemented decades ago.   Mr. Chairman, let me give you a practical effect of how this has  impacted communities and how it has impacted American citizens.   Years ago, they had a cold winter. It was a very cold winter several  years ago. What happened was that these communities up in the Northeast  had actually used these authorities and others to block pipelines from  being built, so it prevented natural gas from getting to these  communities in the Northeast.   Then, they began burning home heating oil in higher volumes. I remind  you, Mr. Chairman, home heating oil has a higher emissions profile than  natural gas. So, you just made one decision. By blocking pipelines, you  became more dependent upon home heating oil, so it resulted in greater  emissions or, said another way, greater impacts to the environment.   They ended up having low supplies of home heating oil, so they took  it to the next level. These States called their good friend Vladimir  Putin--I am not making this up--and had him bring in liquified natural  gas from Russia to meet the demands from the Northeast.   Mr. Chairman, maybe my friends across the aisle want to defend the  decision to have Russian gas coming in to supply American energy needs  whenever we had American energy right there that simply could have been  piped in.  [[Page H1513]]    Mr. Chairman, I remind you that, according to the National Research  Council, pipelines are the safest way to transport energy. By putting  something in a pipeline, it has a lower chance of a spill and has lower  emissions associated with transportation. This is how you should do it.  If you care about the environment, then you want to put energy in a  pipeline.   Let me say it again. The chairman of the Water Resources and  Environment Subcommittee, Mr. Rouzer from North Carolina, has an  amendment to this bill that really returns the interpretation back to  congressional intent and back to the way that this provision was  exercised for decades so we don't have these ridiculous scenarios like  I just described where we are preventing U.S.-generated energy and  U.S.-produced energy from meeting Americans' own demands, which, of  course, is cheaper, cleaner, and prevents these crazy scenarios where  we are calling up Vladimir Putin and asking him to meet America's  energy demand.   Mr. Chairman, even Putin found this amusing and was trolling the  United States on Twitter and social media.   Do we really want to subject ourselves to this?   Let me say it again: If you care about the environment, then what you  actually want to do is put the energy in a pipeline.   We shouldn't get ourselves in a situation like where former White  House spokesperson Jen Psaki acknowledged that the production areas  that were to be served by the Keystone pipeline were still producing  the energy. They were still producing the energy. They were just  transporting it through other means, which means truck, barge, and  train, all of which, once again, Mr. Chairman, have a higher emissions  profile and pose a greater threat to the environment, which I will also  note was directly contrary to the justification that the White House  gave on why they were shutting down the Keystone pipeline.    Mr. Chairman, I think that it is really  important that we are all talking about facts here and that we are  recognizing congressional intent and how this very provision has been  exercised and used by States for decades and decades.   This recent weaponization to advance or advocate for these energy  policies that are resulting--actually, Mr. Chairman, I remind this  House that we have watched emissions go up under President Biden, not  go down. I keep seeing this sign pop up on the other side that says  ``polluters over people,'' and I am not sure what they are talking  about other than perhaps describing some of the very energy policies of  this administration that have resulted in greater emissions, a greater  threat to our environment, and, of course, unaffordability issues. We  have watched as people have been pushed into energy poverty as we have  shut down domestic energy sources.    I encourage, Mr. Chairman, that what we do, instead of getting into  this emotional debate and bringing up topics and issues that are not  relevant or applicable to the law, is that we stay focused on facts and  figures.   Emissions have gone up under this administration versus going down  under the previous administration. We have watched as they have  advanced or advocated for policies like shutting down the Keystone  pipeline and stopping the connection between Marcellus and other  American energy sources to communities that are energy starved.   This is resulting in greater emissions in the United States. It is  resulting in greater threats to our environment. Most importantly, Mr.  Chairman, one of the things that Mr. Rouzer's provision does is it  really helps to address the affordability issue.   We have watched as energy prices have skyrocketed under this  administration because of their deliberate attempt, which they have  said very candidly--they intend to shut down domestic energy  production. They have been very clear on that, and they have been  incredibly successful.   In fact, you would have to go back to the Truman administration in  the 1940s to get back to the same level of acreage leasing for energy  production that has been done under this administration.   Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge adoption of this legislation. I  strongly support the amendment that Mr. Rouzer advocated for and  Chairman Sam Graves is pushing right now.   Mr. Chairman, we need to stick to facts here and make sure that we  are making policy decisions based on reality.   