 Mr. President, today we commemorate the 100th anniversary of  the attraction now known as Bryce Canyon National Park. This occasion  allows us to reflect on the importance of Bryce Canyon and pay tribute  to the pioneers who have helped make it such a great place and have  shaped its history over the years and those pioneers who are still  shaping its contribution to the world today.   Bryce Canyon holds a special place in the hearts of Utahans and of  visitors from across the United States and really throughout the world.  Its towering rock formations, which are known as hoodoos, are a  testament to the unparalleled beauty found in nature. The vibrant  colors that paint the canyon's walls at sunrise and sunset create a  truly mesmerizing spectacle. And if you haven't been there, you need to  visit Bryce Canyon.   In 1874, Scottish immigrant Ebenezer Bryce settled with his wife Mary  on the land just below these stunning reddish-hued cliffs. The settlers  in the area began calling it Bryce's Canyon after Ebenezer Bryce, who  humorously remarked that it was ``a helluva place to lose a cow.''   The charm and allure of the canyon were evident even in those early  days, long before millions of visitors from around the world had come  to see it.   Fast-forward to 1915, when J.W. Humphrey, a U.S. Forest Service  supervisor, first set foot on the rim above the location we refer to  today as the Bryce amphitheater. Overwhelmed by the indescribable  beauty, Mr. Humphrey shared his enchantment with the world, sending  photographs and films to newspapers, magazines, and TV stations far and  wide. He built roads, constructed trails, and established a campground,  charging campers a $1 fee.   And this fee had a guarantee attached to it. He made the $1 fee fully  refundable if any visitor didn't find the view completely worth it.   Well, Mr. Humphrey proudly boasted that he never once had to return a  single dollar, not from a single visitor who received that guarantee.   Year after year, the allure of Bryce Canyon has continued to grow. In  fact, it has grown exponentially. What started with around 20,000  annual visits in its early years had escalated to over 500,000 by 1975,  over 1 million by 2002, and over 2 million in 2016. Last year alone,  the park welcomed an astonishing 2.4 million visitors.   What is it then about Bryce Canyon that draws people in like this? I  think it is the ``Bryce moment,'' that magical instant when the park's  magnificent panorama suddenly comes into focus. It is especially  magical if you see it either at sunrise or sunset. Either way, you are  going to be amazed by what you see. It is that breathtaking experience  that is sort of akin to looking up at the Empire State Building or at  the Taj Mahal, where you can't quite believe what you are seeing.   A few years ago, I was thinking about my many visits to Bryce Canyon  over the years, and I have visited Bryce Canyon as a child and as an  adult. I visited Bryce Canyon first with family members, and I have  also visited with friends, with work colleagues, and in all kinds of  different situations.   I still remember the first time I brought my three children to Bryce  Canyon, when they were young, and how proud I was to show them this  beautiful feature within our State, and how much I enjoyed it.   I remember another time, when I was right out of law school, clerking  for a Federal district judge, the honorable Dee Benson of the U.S.  District Court for the District of Utah. We had been working hard, and  one day Judge Benson decided he was going to schedule a brief weekend  visit for us, just voluntarily, just for fun, to go down and visit  Bryce Canyon. The law clerks and the other court personnel who worked  in his chambers went down and visited Bryce Canyon. It was so much fun.   During one of my more recent visits to Bryce Canyon, a few years  ago--not my last one but one of the more recent visits--I went down  there and met with one of our county associations of governments, where  State, local, and Federal elected officials came together to talk about  lands issues. And I happened to have brought my daughter Eliza with me  on that trip. It had been a few years since I had brought Eliza to  Bryce Canyon, but we got there. We looked over the hoodoos and looked  through those canyons right at sunset. It was yet another magical  moment.   So these things become a tradition and certainly become a tradition  with me and my family and my friends. It is a cherished tradition that  brings people together. In rural communities and in this particular  rural community, it brings tourist visitors to an otherwise sparsely  visited region of our State, and it exemplifies the spirit of adventure  and of camaraderie.   On that particular trip, when I brought my daughter Eliza to meet  with these State, local, and Federal Government officials, we went on  an ATV ride around some of the areas surrounding the park, and it took  us just outside of the park to the north.   The night before, we had had the opportunity to meet with these  incredible individuals who call the region home, and at Ruby's Inn, we  had gotten together for dinner and shared stories and laughter at the  deep appreciation for this unique landscape and for the people who  lived there. The sense of community and shared experiences was  palpable.   We ventured into Bryce Canyon National Park for an evening hike, and,  as the sun began to set, casting a warm glow upon those structures  known as hoodoos, we were enveloped in a world of natural wonder. The  majesty of Bryce Canyon revealed itself in all its glory. It was a  transformative experience, just one of many that reminded me yet again  of the enduring power of nature to uplift and to inspire.   So, as we celebrate the 100th anniversary of Bryce Canyon, let us  honor the pioneers who recognized the unique beauty of the land and its  potential to inspire and to attract people from all across the United  States and throughout the world. Let us embrace the spirit of adventure  and exploration that defines Bryce Canyon and all of our national  parks, but especially that one. And may we continue to cherish the  memories and experiences these natural wonders provide, ensuring that  future generations can forge connections with the breathtaking  landscapes of Bryce Canyon.   Thank you, Mr. President, and may Bryce Canyon forever hold a special  place in our hearts.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   