 Mr. Speaker, Joe Biden's border crisis has become a  nationwide crime scene. Cartels not only control the illegal drug  market, they control our border. They are poisoning our country and  exploiting every migrant who crosses our southern border. This  sad crisis must end.    In my district, we had the tragic story of Lizzy Murphy who died from  fentanyl poisoning at the age of 21. As in many cases, Lizzy was  poisoned by just one pill, a Xanax laced with deadly fentanyl.   Though overdoses are also on the rise, many of these fatalities occur  from just one lethal dose of fentanyl.   Just this week, we recognized National Fentanyl Awareness Day. The  CDC has reported that two-thirds of drug-related deaths involve  fentanyl. Drug fatalities are now the leading cause of death for 18- to  45-year-olds.   Today, the House will vote to pass H.R. 2. Next, Joe Biden and Senate  Democrats must change course from their deadly policies. They must pass  this bill, sign it into law, and implement it.   We need to secure our border, stop the cartels, and keep our  communities safe. That is why I am supporting H.R. 2.   However, this legislation should have gone a little further to stop  the evil work of cartels. As an amendment, I offered the Lizzy Murphy  Act to stop the cartels, a bill that I have previously introduced. This  bill designates certain cartels as special transnational criminal  organizations and implements sanctions on them and anyone who provides  material support to cartels.   We must recognize that cartels are enemies of our country and treat  them that way. To disrupt their trafficking operations, we must detain  or turn away all who enter our country illegally.   By forcing the Biden administration to resume construction of the  wall, increase Border Patrol agents, protect unaccompanied children who  are at risk of trafficking, and end their foolish catch-and-release  practices, the Secure the Border Act of 2023 will begin to fix this  crisis.   Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to support it.   