 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am here today to talk about the kids  and parents of Jana Elementary School and to talk about the measure of  justice they deserve for the ordeal they are facing now, for the ordeal  they have been put through for months, and, frankly, for the ordeal  they have suffered through years and years and years of lies from the  Federal Government, of misdirection from the Federal Government, and,  frankly, of outright falsehoods this community has had to endure.   Jana Elementary School is a small school in the Hazelwood School  District in Florissant, MO. That is the St. Louis area. In October of  this last year, Jana Elementary was closed. Why? Because they woke up  to find out their school was contaminated with radioactive material.   Imagine being a parent and waking up to this headline: ``Missouri  elementary school to close after report finds radioactive  contamination.''   Where was the radioactive contamination? you may ask. Well, it was on  the playground. It was in the kitchen of the school. It was in the air  ducts. And where did it come from? How did radioactive material get  into an elementary school in the St. Louis area? Well, the answer is,  it came from the Federal Government.   Let me tell you a little story about the Hazelwood School District  and about Florissant and about St. Louis, and it dates back to the  1940s when the Federal Government used a site in St. Louis as one of  the processing centers for the Manhattan Project. Well, when that  project wrapped up in the late 1940s, the Federal Government collected  the radioactive waste and transferred it. Out of the area? No. Just to  the site of the St. Louis Airport, and there it sat for decades. By  ``sat,'' I mean it leached into the air. It leached into the soil. It  leached into the groundwater.   So what happened? Over the course of 25 years and more, this  radioactive material got into the water of a creek called Coldwater  Creek. It has been tested many times. Radioactive material has been  found there numerous times. And where does that creek go? Well, all  along the St. Louis area through numerous communities but also right by  Jana Elementary School, right along the school grounds, right along the  playground--a creek that is known to the U.S. Government to be  contaminated with radioactive material that the U.S. Government allowed  to be put into the water.   This last fall, the school board quite reasonably took the step of  saying: Hold on. We know it is in the water. We know this creek goes  right by the playground of this school, within 1,000 feet of the  building itself. Maybe we ought to test the building just to see if our  kids are safe.   So they did. Now, the U.S. Government wouldn't do it, I would just  like to point out. No, it wasn't the Government that tested the  building. The school board paid for it itself. The parents had to  demand it. They went and got a third party to go and test the building,  and what did they find? That this radioactive contamination wasn't just  in the water. It wasn't just by the playground. It wasn't just within  1,000 feet of the school. No. It was inside the building. It was in the  dust that is in the building that these schoolchildren, elementary  kids, are going to and playing in, the air they are breathing in every  single day.   So the school board didn't have any choice. I mean, they found  radioactive contamination in their kids' building, so they shut down  the school, and, you know, they told the parents: Guess what. There is  radioactive contamination in the building. What are we going to do? We  are going to shut down the school.   I would just like to point out that these are working people. These  people are not sitting around all day. They are out there working  jobs--some of them, multiple jobs. Some of them are raising their kids  on their own. So what do they hear in October? We are going to close  the school. We are going to send your kids online for virtual learning.   I remember one mother saying: There is no such thing as virtual  learning. That just means they are not learning. That means they are  home with me.   What are the parents supposed to do? They are working. They are  trying to provide for their family. Now you have the kids at home not  learning. You have the parents unable to work. What was the solution  after that? To bus the kids to different schools all over the area. Now  they can't go to the school in their own neighborhood.   And what has happened to the Jana Elementary building? Well, it just  sits there because what is the Federal Government, which caused this  contamination, doing about all of this? Nothing. No, nothing. The  parents have gotten the runaround for months now from the Federal  Government.   When the reports came out that the building was contaminated, the  parents and the school board asked the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers,  which is supposed to be in charge of cleaning up the site--they said:  Would you test the building inside and see if you can verify these  results?   But the Army Corps said: No, we can't. We don't have any  authorization. We can't do any further testing.   So then the parents and the school board asked the Department of  Energy. They said: Would you test this site? Would you see if you can  verify the results? Would you do something about it?   And the Department of Energy said, you guessed it: Oh, no, that is  the Army Corps' problem.   Now, I kid you not. The parents and the school board have written to  the Army Corps, and they have written to the Department of Energy, and  both of them have just pointed the finger at the other. It is not just  the parents. I have done the same. I sat at a hearing just a few weeks  ago with the Department of Energy's Deputy Secretary.   I said to him: Sir, do you know about Jana Elementary in St. Louis,  MO?   He said he did.   I said: You know it is closed, don't you?   He said he did.   I said: Will you authorize the testing and cleanup for this school?   And his comment to me was: That is really a matter for the Army  Corps.   I said: The Army Corps says it is your problem.   And he said: Well, I don't really understand their position on this.   I don't understand this administration's position on any of it. So I  am on this floor here today, on behalf of the parents and the kids of  the school district, saying it is time to fix it.   Now, I have written to the President about this. I wrote to President  Biden after the Energy Secretary gave me the runaround. I said: Listen,  it is time for this administration to step up. The Army Corps and the  Department of Energy both work for the President. Fix this. Direct them  to get their act together. Finish the testing, and clean up this school  site.   That was 2 months ago. I haven't heard a thing. The parents haven't  heard a thing. The school board hasn't heard a thing. What they are  told is: Just wait a little longer, just a little longer. We will get  it together. Just wait a little more.   Do you know that the residents of St. Louis have been told to wait a  little longer for four and five decades now? Do you know what has  happened in that time? They have seen their friends get cancer in their  thirties and forties. They have seen an explosion of autoimmune  diseases. Why do you think that is? Do you think maybe it has something  to do with radioactive contamination in the water and in the soil and  in the air, put there by the negligence of the U.S. Government? Do you  think maybe that is why it is?   Do you think that these people should have to wait any longer? I  don't. I have introduced legislation that is  [[Page S893]]  very simple. We are not trying to rewrite the United States Code here.  It is very simple. It gets justice for these kids. It would order the  Federal Government to clean up the school--clean it up. If it can't be  cleaned up, build a new one. It is just that simple--not complicated,  not onerous, not overburdened with regulation. It gives relief. If the  President won't act, we should act. Congress should act.   Now, let's just tell the truth here. These parents--these working  people in this region of St. Louis--they are not high-rolling donors.  They don't give major money to the political parties. That doesn't mean  they can be forgotten. You and I both know, if this had been Silicon  Valley Bank--for heaven's sake--the President would have flown  overnight personally to be there to do something about it. While the  Silicon Valley billionaires get bailouts that will cost this country  billions and billions and billions of dollars, the children and parents  of Jana Elementary can't even get their school tested. They can't get a  dime in remediation. That is wrong. That is unjust, and we can do  something about it.   We can send the message that no matter who you are, no matter where  you work, no matter how poor you may be, the U.S. Senate will get  something done for you. We ought to send that message today. We ought  to send the message that we will not stand by while these kids are  consigned to a second- and third-rate experience of education, while  these parents are told to just wait a little longer, while their school  is infested with radioactive contamination. We should send a message  that we are going to do something about it.   I will tell you this, and it is what I told the President, until he  does something about it and until this body acts to get justice for  these kids, I am going to hold every nomination to the Department of  Energy--every single one of them--until we can get some justice done at  Jana Elementary. I will come to this floor as long as it takes until we  get relief for these kids and for these parents at Jana Elementary. I  will not allow their situation to be forgotten, and I will not be told  on their behalf to just wait another 50 years. They deserve justice  today.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  Environment and Public Works be discharged from further consideration  of S. 418 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration;  further, that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, I appreciate Senator Carper's conversation  with me earlier today when he committed to me that he wanted to work to  get this issue resolved and get this situation for these parents and  kids remedied so that they get the justice that they deserve.   I just want to point out that Senator Carper may be the first person  in the Federal Government whom I have talked to in months on this issue  and who has actually said: Do you know what? I think we can do  something about it.   So I hope that we can, Senator.   I would just say to the Army Corps, to the Department of Energy, to  others in the Federal Government, and to the administration that would  say, ``Delay, delay, delay. The school is safe. The grounds are OK.  Take our word for it,'' the people of St. Louis have taken your word  for it for 50 years. This is where we are now. These kids deserve  relief. No child should be told: It is all right. There is a  contaminated stream near your elementary school. It is OK. Go ahead. Go  out and play there.   No way.   And I will say again, just because these kids and parents aren't rich  and wealthy and well connected does not mean that they can be ignored.  So I will continue to come to this floor and to insist on votes on  nominees until we can get something done.   I appreciate the good will of Senator Carper, and I look forward to  working with him on this issue.   I yield the floor.   