 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, first of all, merry Christmas.   My bipartisan amendment prevents the USDA from issuing any rule that  bans any of the milk covered in this bill, including chocolate milk.  This would ensure that all types and flavors of milk are available to  schoolchildren and not subject to bureaucratic rulemaking.   Some may ask why are we focusing on this issue. Unfortunately, it is  because the USDA has set its sights on getting rid of chocolate milk in  schools. It is now up to us to act.   This summer, it was reported that the Department of Agriculture is  considering a ban on chocolate milk in elementary and middle schools.  USDA issued a proposed rule that would set a new nutrition standard for  school meals. These new standards could limit the availability of  flavored milk, like chocolate and strawberry, in high schools while  children in elementary and middle schools would have no access at all.   For those of you with young children or grandchildren, go and ask  them what they think about USDA's new rule. I think I can speak for  most folks when saying that when I was young, chocolate milk was  usually the highlight of having lunch at school, but this new rule  would mean that roughly 30 million students who participate in the  USDA's school meal programs would no longer be able to have chocolate  milk, or any flavored milk for that matter.   According to the Journal of the American Dietetic Association,  removing flavored milk from schools resulted in a 62 to 63 percent  reduction in milk consumption by kids in kindergarten through fifth  grade, including a 50 percent reduction in sixth through eighth grades.   Milk is full of rich nutrients that support bone growth and  development, and millions of children enjoy drinking it. We should not  allow rules that would limit our children's access to delicious and  nutritious products like milk and its varieties covered in this great  bill.   Mr. Chair, I say to the USDA, come and take it.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bipartisan amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, oh, those experts, those experts have done  us so well in the United States of America. Why are we $33 trillion in  debt? Why do we have childhood obesity that is off the charts at this       point?   Oh, those experts serve us so well, those experts that told us that  butter is not good for us. Remember that a number of decades ago?  Growing up on a dairy farm in western Wisconsin, I couldn't believe the  experts were telling us that butter is not good for us. Well, all of a  sudden, they are changing their tune on that.   They told us that we shouldn't possibly drink whole milk. They are  beginning to turn on that also and saying maybe that is good for our  children.   Yeah, the experts, they have done us so well.   The reason I bring this before the House of Representatives is I did  listen to experts, those people who run the school lunch programs.   I will never forget a day about a decade ago when I stopped at a  local gas station in northern Wisconsin, and a school lunch director  came up to me--I didn't even know her--she said, at that time, Senator  Tiffany, would you tell the Federal Government to get out of our school  lunch program? We are throwing away so much food.   Remember Michelle Obama's school lunch dictates that she put in  place? The school lunch director said, Don't do that to us. I had  multiple school lunch directors across northern Wisconsin, in my  district, asking the Federal Government to stay out of their school  lunch programs: We know what we are doing, we are trained in what we  are doing, and we see what happens in our schools.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   