 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, thank you to my seatmate, Congressman  Simpson, for his overall work on this larger appropriations package. It  is not a simple thing to do right now.   My amendment will restrict funds to implement section 216 of  Executive Order No. 14008, which aims to supposedly conserve 30 percent  of our Nation's lands and waters by 2030.   Over the last 2 years, my colleagues and I on the Committee on  Natural Resources have introduced legislation to reverse President  Biden's land grab and environmental extremism through this 30 by 30  initiative. My constituents in Idaho are tired of interference and  overreach by the Federal Government as it tries to place more use  mandates on land.   Sixty-three percent of Idaho's landmass is federally controlled. If  it is truly the goal of this administration to increase federally  controlled land by another 30 percent, in that case, States in the  West, Idaho included, already disproportionately share in the economic  distress associated with this federally controlled land.   If the lands in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Maine, and other eastern  States were locked up by federally run bureaucracies like those in the  West, I am sure more of my colleagues from those States would share the  same desire that I have to restrict further expansion on the Federal  Government's land footprint.   In addition, there is a direct correlation between the percentage of  Federal landmass with increased budget costs, and, as we continue to  face record-breaking deficits, debt, and debt financing, we certainly  don't need to expand our cost centers.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and stop  this land-grab effort through this 30 by 30 initiative by the Federal  Government.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim my time.    Mr. Chair, I point out that the amount of federally  controlled lands is nowhere equal across our country. In Idaho, it is  32.8 million acres, and, to my good friend from Maine, it is 301,000.   You can't possibly contemplate the ramifications that has when it  comes to local governance and land management for your entire State.   When it comes to federally controlled land, enough is enough. Our  Federal resources are overwhelmed, and they are not in a good position  to manage this landmass, and so oftentimes they don't, and more Federal  use mandates reduce our overall wise land management.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   