 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, flight patterns have become a silent threat to  the health and well-being of Americans. One might ask: What does that  have to do with this amendment?   Well, citizens of New York's metropolitan area and the continental  United States are ceaselessly burdened by aircraft noise and pollution.   Residents in NY-3 have been begging elected officials like me to  support mitigation efforts to give citizens plagued by ceaseless,  noisy, and polluted skies a reprieve.   Taking aim at Deputy Secretary of Transportation Polly Trottenberg is  not a punishment but rather a wake-up call holding her accountable for  her inaction.   By reducing her salary to $1, we send a strong message that the well- being of Americans should be the top priority, not the convenience of a  select few.   Mr. Chair, the fight against harmful flight patterns doesn't end with  Polly Trottenberg. We must also demand transparency, accountability,  and a comprehensive review of flight patterns across the country.   It is time to put the health of our communities first and ensure that  every decision made in the aviation industry reflects our values.   Let's work together in this body of Republicans and Democrats alike  to make a real difference in our communities.   For years, NY-3's constituents and communities just like it have  asked for help, and now I will put it in the Record and let it be known  that a ``no'' vote is a vote against accountability for the people who  allow millions of Americans to suffer under the arbitrary rules of the  Department of Transportation, FAA, and air traffic control, to name a  few agencies.   I urge adoption of my amendment to set a new tone and to have  accountability for the people suffering from a lack of leadership on  this segmented issue of our decaying transportation infrastructure  under this administration.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, my colleague from across the aisle, he speaks  with honesty, and I believe so, but I will say this: To call a public  servant a bureaucrat, I think that is disingenuous, and the American  people are sick and tired of us considering people who fail at their  jobs continuously to continue to keep their jobs.   I think it is cutting back bad government, I think it is holding  government accountable, and I think it is holding people who are inept  accountable.   Ms. Trottenberg's time as FAA administrator was abysmal with very  little accountability, with very little done. I stand strong that we  should adopt my amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   