 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I got back late last night from Oregon-- another round of community meetings. You can't do your job well sitting  behind your desk back here; you have to get out into the community. I  have had more than 1,000--really more than 1,060--open-to-all  townhalls, in every corner of Oregon, and I am going to talk for a few  minutes about the issue I hear about constantly, and that is the  shortage of affordable housing for working families.   I am going to talk about what it means for my constituents, but I  will tell you, I hear about it all across the country and from Senators  on both sides of the aisle. I have just introduced legislation with the  distinguished Senator from Alaska, Senator Sullivan, about housing that  is affordable for working families. Ask the New Hampshire Senators  about employers and workers facing housing challenges there. Ask those  from Kansas what is going on in Kansas City, where they can't house  teachers. Oregonians from Brookings to Baker City are facing rising  rents and housing costs and are making tough financial choices. They  ought to have enough money because they are working hard to pay for  affordable shelter.   Here is a statistic that will give you a sense of what the challenge  is all about. In my State, 26 school districts have been forced to buy,  rent, or build housing for their teachers. So get this, Mr. President-- and we are westerners, and we understand this. We know we have a lot of  challenges competing in tough markets. We have a leg up geographically  with Asia, for example, on the west coast, but we are losing it if we  don't have affordable housing for working families, for firefighters  and teachers.   Folks, the minority community has said: We are trying to start small  businesses on a credit card, and we can't afford shelter.   In Oregon, these school districts--more than 20 of them--are now  basically in the housing business. How in the world--I see my friend  from Alaska is here. We have been talking about these issues. It is  wonderful to work with him on it. How in the world did our schools  suddenly get in the housing business? I guess in some places they are  going to in effect rent houses they bought to teachers, and the  teachers will practically be back, I say to my friend from Alaska, in  their college days. They will be waiting to use the washing machine in  line with other teachers.   So I just don't think it is right that all our school districts have  to get into the housing business--by the way, there was a front-page  story in the Wall Street Journal here not long ago about the same sort  of thing in Kansas City.   I have introduced comprehensive legislation as chairman of the  Finance Committee to tackle this issue. It is called the DASH Act--the  Decent, Affordable, Safe Housing for All Act. Today, we are just going  to focus on one piece, which is affordable housing for working  families.   Senator Sullivan and I have teamed up here in the Senate. I am very  pleased that our bill is bipartisan and bicameral.   I am very pleased that our bill is bipartisan and bicameral.  Representatives   Jimmy Panetta and  Mike Carey are offering the same  kind of tax credit that Senator Sullivan and I are offering for working  families, and our proposal is built on the proven and successful--what  is called LIHTC--low-income housing tax credit.   My view is that the combination of LIHTC, plus the help that Senator  Sullivan and I and our counterparts in the House want to advance--those  two efforts--could spur a juggernaut of new and desperately needed  housing construction. Our bill could be a big shot in the arm to the  countless middle-income Americans hoping to get their shot at the  American dream of owning a home.   I want, as we get into this issue of working families, to make sure  that everybody understands that we are also recommitting our support to  the existing programs that help the homeless and help folks of modest  incomes, like LIHTC. These are people who, every week, walk an economic  tightrope. They are balancing the food bill against the fuel bill and  the fuel bill against housing costs. We desperately need more LIHTC  funding, and as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, I am going to  continue to push that.   But I don't think the two needs here for working families and low- income folks are mutually exclusive. We can do both. We ought to do  both. Our country is not at its best when we pit working families  against people of modest means. We ought to be extending opportunity  for all Americans.   I will just say--and I am going to yield to my friend from Alaska-- that small businesses across my State--and I heard it yesterday again  at our business summit in Portland--can't grow because employees can't  afford housing. Even when they have good-paying jobs, families are  forced to search for months for reasonably priced properties, only to  be up against several other families in similar circumstances and  contending for the same property.   So we are going to continue to try to build on the progress of LIHTC.  My hope is--and I had a good talk just this morning with the chairman  in the other body, Chairman Jason Smith of the Ways and Means  Committee, my counterpart. We had a good conversation about the effort  to get help for kids with what is called the child tax credit, and an  equal amount of help for the research and development tax issue for  innovation so we can outcompete China. We made good progress just in  the last week, Chairman Smith and I,  [[Page S5906]]  in looking at the numbers and the various ways in which we can ensure  that an equal amount of assistance--an equal amount of assistance--goes  for the child tax credit and the research and development tax credit.   One of the reasons I was so pleased to be able to come to the floor  this morning and talk with my colleague from Alaska is I think we also  ought to be talking about, on top of--and I use those words--an  agreement that is proportional in assistance for the child tax credit  and for the research and development tax credit. I think, on top of  that, we ought to give a boost to housing, particularly the low-income  housing tax credit, which has gotten significant support from my  colleague from Washington, Senator Cantwell, and a number of  Republicans as well, and we should include such a housing effort--on  top of a child tax credit and a research and development-innovation  package, help on housing--and make them all bipartisan.   I see my friend from is Alaska here. I thank him for his cooperation.   I will just say, in closing, no community is immune from the  skyrocketing cost of housing. Democrats aren't usually supposed to use  this word, but I will tell you I am a supply-sider on housing. We need  to increase supply, and on that, Senator Sullivan and I are working  together.   I yield the floor to him.    I will yield very quickly to Senator Peters after I wrap  this up.   Mr. President, first, I want to thank Senator Sullivan again for  giving us a chance to bring housing, in a bipartisan way, to the Senate  floor and just to tell colleagues there is an opportunity to do  something really big here in the U.S. Senate.   I just got off the phone again with the chairman of the Ways and  Means Committee in the other body, my counterpart. We are making good  progress in the effort to make sure that there is a child tax credit  and a significant boost to research and innovation in this country.  They have to be proportional. We have made that clear. That is the  essence of a good and fair agreement.   Now, Senator Sullivan and I and our colleagues who are advocating for  LIHTC are getting an opportunity to also discuss building upon that and  taking some steps to ensure that there is housing for working families  and for low-income folks.   I thank my colleague from Michigan for the chance to close this  discussion up.   