 Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, I have to rise in  opposition to H. Res. 559.   I am proud to represent San Antonio, Texas, known as Military City,  USA, which is home to one of the largest concentrations of military  bases in the United States.   Every year tens of thousands of young men and women pass through my  city on their way to military theaters around the world. Their lives  are sacred, and Congress needs to be careful about how our decisions  can put them in harm's way.   While this is a nonbinding resolution, it would speak for the House  of Representatives without meaningfully engaging with the broad range  of tools at our disposal to prevent Iranian proliferation.   I strongly oppose Iran's pursuit of a nuclear weapon. That is why I  supported President Obama's efforts to constrain Iran's nuclear program  through the JCPOA and why I opposed Donald Trump's decision to release  Iran from the restrictions on its nuclear program by violating and then  withdrawing from the JCPOA.   Nonetheless, this resolution, in saying the United States must use  ``all means necessary'' to prevent Iran from pursuing a nuclear weapon  goes too far.   Do we support sending U.S. forces, ground troops, into Iran to stop  their nuclear program?   What about using a nuclear weapon ourselves?   That is what the language of this resolution would support or allow.  This isn't just leaving all our options on the table. This resolution  endorses every option.   In recent years, Congress has had important, bipartisan conversations  about reclaiming our constitutional authority over the use of military  force. If the Congress is going to endorse the use of force, even in a  nonbinding resolution, then we need a more deliberate debate before  going forward.   This resolution also commits the United States to endorse the actions  of any of our partners and allies to prevent Iran from obtaining a  nuclear weapon.   Would we support Saudi Arabia or the UAE if they were to unilaterally  strike Iran putting hundreds of U.S. forces stationed in the Persian  Gulf at risk?   This resolution commits to unconditionally supporting their ``freedom  of action.''   While I strongly oppose Iran's nuclear program, Mr. Speaker, the  language we are voting on today goes too far, and I urge my colleagues  to vote ``no.''    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 340. I  unequivocally condemn Hamas' attack on Israel, which resulted in the  deaths of over 1,400 innocent people and the kidnapping of hundreds of  hostages, including American citizens.   The United States has rightly designated Hamas as a terrorist  organization since 1997, and I have fully supported sanctions on Hamas  when they have come before the House in the past. However, there is a  distinction between Hamas and the innocent Palestinians it holds  captive in Gaza, and we must legislate with that understanding. Our  efforts to hold Hamas accountable must not come at the expense of those  innocent civilians.   As originally written, this bill included a broad humanitarian  exemption that would have protected the provision of food, medicine,  and other lifesaving supplies into Gaza. The State Department and the  Treasury both supported that exemption, which aligned with the Biden  administration's goals to weaken Hamas without causing undue civilian  suffering and deaths.   Unfortunately, the primary sponsor of H.R. 340 offered an amendment  during committee markup that removed that exemption, replacing it with  a case-by-case waiver that will impede the delivery of humanitarian aid  into Gaza.   At times here, we need to speculate about the motivations behind  specific legislation and legislative decisions. In this case, however,  it is part of the committee record. The bill's sponsor said that he  believes ``any assistance should be slowed down'' and argued that no  one can distinguish between innocent Palestinians and Hamas.   The situation in Gaza is incredibly dire and becoming more so by the  day, which is why President Biden has worked to secure the delivery of  humanitarian assistance to Gaza and requested funding to support those  efforts. The decision to intentionally remove this provision was a  choice to hurt people in Gaza who are not responsible for this  conflict.    Mr. Speaker, if the humanitarian exemption that  was originally in this bill was restored, I would fully support H.R.  340, but I cannot in good faith support a bill that amounts to  intentional collective punishment against the people of Gaza, nearly  half of whom are children. For this reason, I urge the House to vote  ``no.''   