 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this Republican joint  resolution of disapproval to repeal the Environmental Protection  Agency's heavy-duty vehicle nitrogen oxide rule.   This resolution is yet another extremist, Republican attack on  commonsense steps EPA is taking to protect Americans' health and the  environment.   Last December, EPA finalized the rule that sets new standards for  heavy-duty engines and vehicles to reduce dangerous nitrogen oxide  emissions, also known as NOX.   Before the EPA action, it had been more than 20 years since the  Agency had last updated heavy-duty emission standards for  NOX pollution.   These new standards are needed now because the science is clear: This  pollution poses serious threats to public health. The tragic outcomes  include premature death, respiratory illnesses like childhood asthma,  cardiovascular problems, and other detrimental health impacts.   The trucking industry is a leading source of this dangerous air  pollution, and it is especially dangerous for the 72 million Americans  who live near truck freight routes across the United States.   The EPA rule will cut NOX pollution from these vehicles by  nearly half in 2045. That is going to make a huge difference because  one in three Americans live in counties with unhealthy air, and 100,000  Americans die every year from premature deaths associated with air  pollution.   This harmful air pollution has negative repercussions for all  Americans but is especially dangerous for our most vulnerable  communities: children, the elderly, low-income communities, and  communities of color.   The EPA rule is a critical tool to protect these Americans, improve  public health outcomes, and secure the right to clean air for everyone.  This rule is expected to prevent up to 2,900 premature deaths, 6,700  hospital admissions and ER visits, 18,000 cases of childhood asthma,  and 1.1 million lost schooldays for children.   EPA also estimates that it will result in $200 billion in health- related benefits. What I mean by that is because you are going to  prevent all these sicknesses and loss of schooldays and hours, that  actually saves $200 billion.   The Republican CRA before us that we are debating would abandon all  the public health, economic, and environmental justice benefits that  come with the EPA rule.   It is also worth noting, Mr. Speaker, that during the rulemaking  process, EPA engaged extensively with communities and Tribal, State,  and local governments. It also engaged with industry, environmental  organizations, and labor groups to promulgate a final rule that is  technologically feasible and realistically achievable.   Let me just say again: This rule is completely achievable. That is  why industry is generally supportive. I know my colleague on the other  side is going to mention different trucking groups that are not, but  generally, they were supportive. In fact, the period for judicial  review closed in March, and there were no lawsuits filed against it.   Some people may say, why does that matter? For the most part, there  is always some group that challenges any rule that EPA puts forward.   But Republicans are moving ahead with this last-ditch attempt to  prevent the EPA from protecting Americans' health. They have been  putting polluters over people since the beginning of this Congress, and  this is just another unfortunate example.   This Republican bill would have dire consequences for EPA's ability  to fulfill its mission to protect public health and welfare from  dangerous pollution. If enacted, this resolution would repeal the rule  and prevent any substantially similar future action by EPA.   That outcome is simply not acceptable. Thankfully, President Biden  has already vowed to veto this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, EPA's rule is common sense, achievable, and long  overdue. S.J. Res. 11 is a baseless attack on EPA's Clean Air Act  authority and obligation to protect Americans and the environment from  dangerous air pollution.   This Republican bill would set us back years in addressing dangerous  air pollution, protecting communities, and modernizing our heavy-duty  transportation sector.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge all of my colleagues to join me in  opposing this joint resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Castor), who is the ranking member of our Oversight and  Investigations Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Tonko), the ranking member of our Environment, Manufacturing,  and Critical Materials Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Cardenas), a member of the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Barragan), a member of the Energy and Commerce  Committee.  [[Page H2527]]     Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California  such time as she may consume.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I know that the Republican side of the aisle keeps  talking about costs. I saw the chart that they put up that talks about  costs, and the last speaker talked about $55 billion. I think that was  the cost to the truckers.   The bottom line is that the EPA has an obligation to deal with and  try to protect Americans' health and safety. I gave a figure before,  which is four times what the gentleman said, about how the cost in  terms of lives and the loss of job hours, the loss of education hours,  the cost of having to go to the doctor, EPA estimates that all that  comes up to $200 billion. We can argue about costs.   I mean, I don't doubt that there are tremendous costs involved in not  putting this rule into effect because of the impact on communities like  that of the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Barragan) talking about  the inhalers that are available in doctor's offices because of the  impact on children and their ability to breathe.   The one thing that I really want to stress is that it is almost as if  the other side doesn't feel that the EPA has an obligation to address  the health impacts because of the costs to the trucking community, and  I would just say that that is not true.   The reason that we have an EPA is so that they can study and see what  the impact is of air pollution and smog. It is clear. No one has  suggested that the EPA doesn't have the power to do this based on the  facts and based on the surveys they have done to show what the harmful  impact is to Americans of this air pollution that comes from trucks.   This rule would eliminate 50 percent of that by 2045. I don't think  it is unreasonable to suggest that that is not a good thing to do.  Furthermore, I don't hear any suggestion from the other side to say  that, well, rather than do that, we would do something else. It is  just: Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do this rule that, in the opinion  of the EPA and those of us on this side of the aisle, is important to  save lives and to make Americans healthier.   It bothers me tremendously to see that they are simply getting up on  the other side and saying, Don't do this, let's get rid of this rule  rather than even suggesting an alternative.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle say  that this EPA rule is promulgated by left-wingers, radicals; it is a  radical rule. Nothing could be further from the truth.   Just to give you an example, the Manufacturers of Emission Controls  Association, which is a nonprofit group that provides technical  information on emission control technologies for motor vehicles,  concluded that a 90 percent reduction in NOX emissions is  feasible by 2027. Not only are the heavy-duty NOX rule  standards achievable, but they can be implemented in a cost-effective  manner.   Since the rule does not mandate the use of any specific technology,  despite claims to the contrary, there are multiple compliance pathways  available to reduce NOX emissions.   There are existing technologies that help industry achieve the rule's  NOX requirements, and with the years of lead time built into  the rule, technology manufacturers will continue to innovate new and  more cost-effective solutions. The rule also supports tens of thousands  of supplier jobs dedicated to the commercialization of this technology  by 2027.   The problem is that with this CRA, House Republicans are throwing  away decades of progress in the heavy-duty transportation sector.   This is not radical. This is not leftwing. This is just practical in  a way of trying to protect people's health, while at the same time  being very conscious of the impact on the trucking industry and making  it possible to move forward with this without any real harm to the  industry.   I urge my colleagues to support this innovation of our domestic,  heavy-duty transportation technology industry and vote ``no'' on this  resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, when I listened to Ms. Barragan and she talked about the  Port of Los Angeles, I was concerned because I don't think we have  spent enough time during this debate talking about what I call  environmental justice communities. These are communities which, because  they are near the port or near places where the trucks predominate or  they are concentrated, have such an impact on the local community. That  is certainly true in parts of my State as well, in New Jersey.   We all know that air pollution from the heavy-duty transportation  sector has serious negative impacts on everyone's health. But these  communities near high-traffic roadways experience higher rates of these  serious health effects.   We have an estimated 72 million people that live near truck freight  routes across the United States, and residents of these communities are  more likely to be low-income communities and communities of color.   It should not come as a surprise that my Republican colleagues are  once again putting polluting industries over the health and safety of  our most vulnerable populations.   Research has demonstrated that diesel traffic, including traffic  located on freight routes, is the largest source of NOX  disparity by race in the United States.   Protecting our most overburdened communities is one of the many  reasons why the heavy-duty NOX rule is absolutely critical.   During his first days in office, President Biden made a commitment to  uplifting environmental justice and making it a core tenet of his  administration. To continue delivering on his promise, just last month,  he signed an executive order that will further embed environmental  justice into the work of our Federal agencies.   The heavy-duty NOX rule is just another example of how far  the EPA is delivering for environmental justice communities. Reducing  harmful air pollution from the heavy-duty transportation sector will  have immense benefits for those living near these high-traffic freight  routes.   I think it is a shame that the Republicans are essentially turning a  blind eye to the disproportionate health harms that are faced by these  communities from circumstances outside their control.   We are not going to ignore this, as Democrats, so I urge my  colleagues to vote ``no'' on this resolution in part because of the  terrible impact on some of these communities that are near these  freight routes and ports, including those in my home State of New  Jersey.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Tlaib).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I want to stress--and I said this before the Rules  Committee--that the concern that I have here is this process, in part.  In other words, Mr. Speaker, when you do a Congressional Review Act-- which is being used today by the Republican side--to essentially get  rid of this very important EPA rule to protect public health, if it is  passed, not only does the rule disappear, but there can be no action by  the agency in this space.   As I continue to point out, the Republican side has not come up with  an alternative. Everything that I hear is to say, ``We don't want this  rule in effect, and we think the rule is not a good one,'' but they  don't address the fact that this rule is seeking to address public  health in such a significant way.   Also, I heard my colleague from Georgia, whom I respect a great deal,  say: Oh, this was passed by a Democratic Senate.   The fact of the matter is that with the exception of one, every  Democratic Senator voted against this resolution, and I think there was  one absent. It is hardly the case that Democrats support this. There  was only one Democrat who supported it in the United States Senate.   The reason that I am so concerned is not only because this would get  rid of such an important rule but because there would be no alternative  at this point and no likely alternative in the future.   Let me say that the science could not be more clear. NOX  emissions are dangerous, and they have significant detrimental impacts  on public health. The respiratory impacts, which have been mentioned by  my colleagues on the Democratic side, associated with this air  pollution include wheezing, coughing, shortness of breath, asthma  attacks, and even lung cancer.   If those are not serious enough, other health impacts include  susceptibility to infections, heart attacks, strokes, metabolic  disorders, preterm births, low birth weights, and premature deaths.   In the United States, air pollution is associated with over 100,000  deaths every year. Despite the severity of these negative health  outcomes associated with NOX pollution, my Republican  colleagues remain committed to rolling back the very standards that  would protect Americans from these harmful impacts.   It is hard for me to imagine that the majority is so set on repealing  a rule that would literally save lives and improve the health of  millions of Americans across the country, but unfortunately, that is  what we face here.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this resolution, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   