 Mr. President, AI, artificial intelligence, is unlike  any innovation that has previously come to the attention of Congress.  In a few years, this technology will usher in dramatic changes to the  workplace, the classroom, our living rooms--to virtually every corner  of life--and it is already starting to happen. Maximizing AI's benefits  and mitigating its potential and very real risks will require  bipartisan cooperation, focus, and speed from the U.S. Congress.   Today, the U.S. Senate is taking an important step in intensifying  our focus on AI by holding the first all-Senators briefing solely  dedicated to AI. More briefings will soon follow, and they will help  lay a bipartisan foundation on which Congress can take appropriate  action. These briefings are vital because elected representatives in  2023 cannot afford to be in the dark about how AI works and how it is  going to reshape our world and is already reshaping our world for that  matter.   Today's briefing will focus on the state of AI as it stands today-- its capabilities, its applications, its limitations, its challenges. We  will hear from Professor Antonio Torralba of MIT, an expert in machine  learning and the head MIT faculty member on AI and decision making. He  is the head of AI at MIT. So it is pretty good stuff that people should  know.   Next month, our second and third briefings will focus on where AI is  headed in the very near future and AI's implications to our national  security.   I urge every single Senator to join these briefings. AI is a topic  none of us can afford to ignore. It should be treated with the same  urgency as national security, job creation, and civil liberties,  because AI will impact all of these issues and many others.   The possibilities of AI should excite every single one of us. If used  correctly, AI could unlock remarkable breakthroughs in health care,  scientific research, national security, and so many other fields.   Much like we did in CHIPS and Science, Congress should look for ways  to promote innovation in AI so that American companies can lead the  way. But the top AI developers have also made clear that Congress must  play a role in safeguarding against AI's many potential risks. They  have said it to us directly through congressional testimony.   We must therefore strike a balance to promote innovation and growth,  on one hand, while mitigating AI's risks on the other. That will take a  lot of bipartisan cooperation, and these briefings will help us move  closer to that goal.   Finally, I want to thank my colleagues for the good work they have  already done on the issue. I want to especially thank Senators Rounds,  Heinrich, and Young for helping to make all of these Senate briefings  possible.   