 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, one of the biggest infringements on the  American people's rights happened shortly after the Chinese Communist  Party unleashed a genetically modified coronavirus across the globe,  infecting and killing millions.   To combat the virus and save the most vulnerable, President Trump  initiated Operation Warp Speed, which put on display American  exceptionalism when it successfully created a COVID-19 vaccine in under  a year. However, what ensued thereafter was far more un-American than  anything. It actually resembled more authoritarianism.   States and Federal agencies made continued employment contingent on  vaccine status. Businesses that did not comply were fined. Churches  that did not comply were shut down. People who did not comply were  fired.   Some States were freer than others, but the Federal Government was  the most draconian of them all. Federal workers, including over 8,400  United States servicemembers, lost their jobs because they refused to  take a novel vaccine with minimal testing.   I am not standing here before you today questioning the legitimacy of  the vaccine or calling the creation of the vaccine a net negative.  Actually, I am doing the complete opposite. In fact, it was a net  positive for society to give vulnerable individuals with autoimmune  diseases an extra layer of protection against COVID-19. However, I am  standing before you today raging against the government overreach that  is vaccine mandates.   The American people were given freedoms not guaranteed to other  populations across the globe. We have the freedom to choose what  vaccines we get. Millions of other Americans and I think it is immoral  and un-American to force a person to get a vaccine in order to pay  their rent or mortgage or feed their families, Mr. Chair.   What my amendment will do is ensure that the funds in the Departments  of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related  Agencies Appropriations Act be barred from getting allocated to  establishing, implementing, or enforcing any vaccine mandate within  those agencies.   Mr. Chair, to be clear, I am not standing here spewing and spreading  anti-vax talking points. In fact, I am standing up for the working men  and women of this great country, giving power back to the people, and  taking it out of the clutches of government and government mandates.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, there might not be any vaccination mandates  today, but what is stopping my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle or the President of the United States from wanting to institute  those same draconian mandates tomorrow?   If we believe and take the word of my colleague that they don't exist  today, they didn't exist prior to 2020 but miraculously appeared and  destroyed lives and destroyed careers.   The reality is we need this to guarantee protection for the American  people so that they are not lambasted yet again with more draconian  rules coming out of the Federal Government.   Mr. Chair, I strongly ask my colleagues to support my amendment and  support the working class by never again forcing them to choose between  a vaccine they do not feel convicted to get and feeding their families.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   