 Mr. President, before I begin, I also want to  acknowledge others who are here in the Chamber to be part of this  tribute, part of this moment--the first of many over the coming days  and weeks, no doubt.   Senator Schumer acknowledged Speaker Pelosi, Speaker Emerita Pelosi,  and Katherine in the Gallery here. We do have a good amount of the  California congressional delegation here as well paying their  respects--the dean, Representative Lofgren, and so many friends from  the north to the south to the east and the west of the Golden State. Up  in the Gallery also is Team Feinstein, so many of the staff members who  make sure the office is always performing at peak capacity, just the  way Dianne insisted. I know that personally, and I will tell you why in  a minute.   But I think I speak on behalf of all of us when I say that it is with  profound sadness that we bid farewell to my dear friend, colleague, and  outright champion for the State of California, Senator Dianne  Feinstein.   As we have been hearing today, she was a towering figure. Let me be  clear. She was a towering figure not just in modern California history  but in the history of our State and our Nation. Yes, she broke barriers  throughout her career. You heard about that from Leader Schumer, how  many firsts. Her leadership, though, as the city of San Francisco's  first female mayor in the aftermath of the tragic assassination of  Mayor George Moscone and Supervisor Harvey Milk showcases her unique  ability to lead with grace and strength in the face of adversity. And  it wouldn't be her last time.   Following her election to the Senate more than three decades ago,  Dianne's commitment to bipartisan collaboration made her a deeply  respected figure on both sides of the aisle. So my heart is full to  hear the words of Senator Collins and Senator Murkowski and others.   She understood the importance of working together to find common  ground and to get things done for California, for the country, and most  importantly, for the American people. Her ability to bridge divides and  find that consensus, especially on the thorniest of issues, was a  testament to her dedication to the principles of our democracy and the  many attributes you are hearing about her today. That is the one I have  admired most and have worked my damnedest to try to emulate throughout  my career and especially here in the Senate.   Now, long before being able to serve together here in the Senate,  Dianne gave me one of my first jobs in politics in her Los Angeles  office at a time early in my career when I was looking to make a  difference for my community and for our State. It is in part thanks to  her groundbreaking career that a Latino son of immigrants could one day  not just work for her but work alongside her to keep up the fight for  the American dream.   As we mourn Senator Feinstein's passing, we must also celebrate her  incredible legacy, her contributions to our Nation--from gun safety and  environmental conservation to national security and healthcare reform  and so much more--just as a reminder not just of the power of her  example but the power of public service.   For Californians, so much of our public lands have been preserved  thanks to her singular drive and leadership--from the redwoods of the  Headwaters and the San Francisco Bay to Lake Tahoe, to the Southern  California desert.   We can go on and on, but it is clearly--clearly--a tremendous impact  she has had. She leaves behind a legacy of service, of leadership, and  a deep love of our country and our democratic ideals. Senators have  mentioned her grace, how she worked, how she carried herself--an  example for us to follow.   I would be remiss if I didn't say there was an exception to that, and  that is if you were one of her staff members who came into a meeting  with her unprepared. You did not want to not have the answer to her  question.   She was classy, absolutely. We won't get into the debate about the  dress code. As Senator Murray said, she was absolutely generous. Now, I  did not receive a seersucker suit. I was not here at the time. But for  the decades of the relationship that we had, every time I came to  Washington, I made it a point to reach out--at a minimum, a call; a lot  of times, a quick meeting in her office--and I always came away with  something. More often than not, it was a book. She has quite a library,  her collection. Once upon a time, it was a Senate tie. There was always  something.   I, too, Senator Collins, have a watercolor. It is hanging at home in  Los Angeles--my wife's favorite--so I don't have it here to display.  What I do have, though, is a photo, as she said, from ``back in the  day'' that she sent me just a year ago--periodically going through her  files, her archives--a picture from the San Francisco AIDS walk in 1987  but personalized--no autopen here; a personal note from Senator  Feinstein.   The last story I will share, which I do think is unique. Another  example of her generosity is the day I was sworn in to the Senate in  2021 under the most trying of circumstances: COVID prevaccine; 2 weeks  after January 6; 40,000 National Guard women and men on the perimeter  of a fenced-off Capitol Complex. She honored me by escorting me down  the center aisle to the rostrum and stood behind me as I was sworn in.  Big day for me. Tough day not having Angela and my boys by my side.   As soon as the votes were over, the session was over, she grabbed me  by the hand and said: Come with me. I am not sorry to say I had  interviews lined up. We marched right past reporters to her hideaway.  [[Page S4803]]    She immediately wanted to continue the dialogue of, How can I help  you? How can I help you? I mustered up a little bit of courage and  said: Dianne, I love you, but I want to call my wife. I have just been  sworn in to the Senate.   So I called my wife. Angela answers. We immediately started  FaceTiming each other. We were by the window so we could make sure the  signal doesn't drop. And my boys were there. Dianne says: Give me the  phone. I have just been sworn in to the U.S. Senate, and I am watching  Senator Feinstein FaceTime with my kids. ``So proud of your dad. When  are you coming to Washington? I will buy you lunch.''    That was Dianne Feinstein. May she rest in peace, and may her legacy  continue to inspire us all.   I yield the floor.   