 Madam Chair, I thank the chairwoman for her leadership on  this bill. The Lower Energy Costs Act is a product of countless hours  of discussion between leadership, stakeholders, and our constituents,  who are tired of higher costs for less reliable energy.   The United States has an incredible energy potential. We have vast  resources of oil, natural gas, and other critical minerals essential  for energy dominance.   Only a few years ago, we were a global leader in both oil and gas  production. This was achieved through American innovation, domestic  energy production, and investment from the private sector in developing  our critical energy infrastructure.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration vowed to wage war on American  energy. Starting on his very first day in office with the help of the  Democrats here in Congress, the Biden administration has pursued  radical rush-to-green energy policies that made energy less secure,  less reliable, and more expensive for our constituents.   This has led to increased costs of energy and goods, hitting the most  vulnerable the hardest. We should be about increasing the standard of  living for Americans versus diminishing the standard of living that  these anti-American energy policies actually do.   Energy is the foundation of everything in American life. When the  cost of energy goes up, everything else does, as well. H.R. 1 should  help America and will help America produce more, deliver more to our  communities, and give us the ability to export and help our allies  around the world.  [[Page H1547]]    The American people recognize this, and they are sick of choosing  between paying their energy bills and putting food on the table, which  is why they gave us the majority, to stop this radical energy agenda.   I am proud that my bill, Protecting American Energy Production Act,  was included in this package. This provision will protect energy  security and affordability by prohibiting the President from imposing a  ban on hydraulic fracturing.   The discovery of natural gas through the shale revolution has made  the United States a leader in energy production as well as emissions  reduction and has allowed the United States of America, not our  adversaries, to set the price of energy.   We are approaching the breaking point in our energy infrastructure.  The so-called rush-to-green agenda has prevented the buildout of  natural gas and other essential energy infrastructure, which is now  reaching capacity. Many States, like my own State of South Carolina,  are now at risk of approaching an energy deficit in the next few years  if we don't immediately change our current regulatory framework.   Fortunately, H.R. 1 addresses these concerns by requiring States to  raise legitimate water quality concerns for interstate pipelines and  LNG export facilities through FERC's NEPA process instead of  weaponizing section 401 of the Clean Water Act to block pipelines.   This change is critical to prevent the political agenda of States  abusing section 401 to veto projects of national significance while  preserving the ability of States to raise legitimate water quality  concerns. New England States could finally get gas from the Marcellus  shale instead of importing natural gas from Russia, Iran, Venezuela,  and a lot of our other adversaries around the globe.    We have the resources here not only to meet our domestic demand but  also to be a leading exporter globally.   Representative DeGette mentioned earlier about capacity and U.S.  production and how that would limit available gas for American domestic  energy production. The Progressive Policy Institute, which is far from  a conservative think tank, put out an article, ``The Climate Case for  Expanding U.S. Natural Gas Exports,'' which talks about using that  domestically. I would ask you to read it.   This package also sets a framework to export our domestic resources  so our allies will no longer have to rely on Vladimir Putin's energy  oligarchy. The Democrats keep calling this the polluters over people  act. That couldn't be further from the truth.   The reality is that their energy policies put Russia, China, OPEC+,  and radical Green New Deal interests over the interests of the American  people. The greatest beneficiaries of their policies are the CCP and  Vladimir Putin.   Green New Deal policies leave us totally dependent on China for  critical minerals that make all of our devices work. Even the green  energy devices, wind and solar, need those critical minerals.   We have them here. We harvest them cleaner, more environmentally  friendly than anywhere in the world. Let's produce them here. That is  what H.R. 1 allows us to do.   H.R. 1 puts the American people first by unleashing American energy  and securing our supply chains. It will increase American energy  production and restore American energy leadership in the world. I urge  my colleagues to support this bill.    Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Latta).    Madam Chair, let me just say it is great to see the  American people in the gallery for once listening to a debate on  energy. It is so important to them.   Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr.  Fulcher).    Madam Chair, I am glad the people at home are watching  this on TV or here in person because they are learning that H.R. 1 is  going to lower their energy costs.   Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Weber), who is a valuable member of the Energy and Commerce Committee  and whose State is a huge energy producer for our Nation.    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Dunn), a new member on the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Madam Chair, I am glad we have got so many members of the  Energy and Commerce Committee to come down and show the American people  how we are going to lower their energy costs.   I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Walberg), a  real leader on the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Madam Chair, the rush to disaster is this rush to green  energy policies without thinking about the replacement source of power  generation that can be provided by American-produced natural gas,  delivered to where it needs to be to produce the power and help lower  carbon emissions for America.   I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Rose).    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Mrs. Cammack), who is a valuable member of the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    Madam Chair, it is funny. I see polluters over people  act. We are talking about increasing natural gas production and  delivery in this country. According to EIA data, switching to natural  gas has accounted for as much as 61 percent of U.S. emissions  reductions from 2005 to 2020.   More natural gas--cleaner burning, American-produced natural gas-- delivered to where it needs to go will help  [[Page H1552]]  us lower carbon emissions and make America more energy secure.   Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Allen).    Madam Chair, it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Bucshon), whose State is at the crossroads  of America.    Madam Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Meuser), whose State includes the Marcellus shale,  which has an immeasurable amount of natural gas.    Madam Chair, exporting U.S.-produced, cleaner-burning  natural gas to places like Vietnam and China, which allows them to take  their coal-fired power plants offline, actually lowers carbon emissions  globally.   Democrats say they care about carbon emissions globally. Exporting  clean-burning natural gas will help do that.   Madam Chair, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Alabama  (Mr. Palmer).    Mr. Chair, I applaud leadership for allowing this bill to  go through regular order. It went through three committees, 21 bills,  hearings, markups, amendments offered, and here we are today.  [[Page H1554]]    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr.  Joyce), who is from a huge area of Marcellus shale, producing so much  natural gas for our Nation.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Obernolte), a new member of the Committee on Energy and  Commerce.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Balderson), who is a new member on the Energy and Commerce  Committee, and whose State has the Marcellus shale. They are a big  producer in oil, coal, hydro, nuclear, and a lot of other things.    Mr. Chair, I am glad to have the author of the bill on  the floor, Mr. Scalise.   Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from West Virginia  (Mrs. Miller), my guardian angel.    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from West Virginia.    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from West Virginia.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah  (Mr. Curtis), the vice chairman of the Energy, Climate, and Grid  Security Subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), who is a Florida Gator.    Mr. Chairman, we should fix the grid and harden it from  the EMP threats and other things, but while we are doing that, we need  the pipeline infrastructure to get the resources to where they need to  go, and that is in our communities so that baseload generation can  happen.   Mr. Chairman, there is a gentleman from Ohio who understands energy.  He is the chairman of the Environment, Manufacturing, and Critical  Materials Subcommittee on the Energy and Commerce Committee.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Johnson).   