 Mr. Speaker, I spent the last 2 years of my college  experience living in dorm rooms that were about 250 yards from the Soo  Locks at the beautiful Lake Superior State University.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3399, the Soo Locks  Security and Economic Reporting Act, sponsored by my good friend from  Michigan, Congressman  John James.   Each year, vessels passing through the Soo Locks haul an estimated 70  million tons of cargo to critical industries in the United States and  Canada. In total, the infrastructure supports more than 123,000 jobs  and has a $22.6 billion economic activity price tag.   In my first year in Congress, I joined Congressman Jack Bergman from  Michigan on a tour of the Soo Locks to see the critical infrastructure  firsthand.   Nearly all of the iron ore pellets essential for the American steel  industry travel through the Great Lakes. A report by the Department of  Homeland Security in 2015 found no alternative transportation mode  exists for getting iron ore from the Minnesota mines to steel mills on  the lower Great Lakes. The Iron Range of Minnesota produces almost 82  percent of the taconite pellets that make up the steel industry in our  Nation.   National security experts and economists have warned that sustained  closure of any of the locks would cripple our supply chain and plunge  our economy into a recession.   It is abundantly clear: The protection and modernization of the Soo  Locks is not only a supply chain issue, but a national security issue.  The Soo Locks infrastructure needs significant investment, and it needs  it now.   H.R. 3399 directs the Secretary of Transportation to study the  security risks of the Soo Locks in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, and the  economic ramifications in the event of their operational failure. This  will provide us with concrete evidence of the importance of the Soo  Locks and demonstrate our need for unwavering support.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   