 Mr. President, go outside. It is hard to breathe. The Sun  is darkened. The air smells of ash and cinder. Children cannot go to  school or even go outside. An unmasked deep breath outside is a risk.  On the east coast, it is an ungodly dystopian landscape, the stuff of  science fiction, movies set in Martian landscapes, except it is right  now, and it is right here.   This week, other than 9/11, New York City registered the worst air  quality in the world. Climate change means more heat in the atmosphere,  with record high temperatures in Ottawa, Montreal, Toronto, and even  Burlington, VT. These high temperatures get locked into place by  record-setting high-pressure zones--making ``heat domes'' of sunny, hot  weather that sits  [[Page S2018]]  on top of the landscape, drying it out like an oven. More heat, less  water--that is fuel for fire.   And we have seen it coming. Climate change has made this pattern more  frequent and more intense. And if you don't believe me, if you don't  think that this is a new phenomenon prompted by climate change, then  ask yourself, when was the last time that New York or Philadelphia  experienced something of this magnitude?   It would be disturbing enough to call this the new normal, but it is  not the new normal because every year, it is going to get worse until  we tackle this problem head-on.   This isn't just a forest fire. This is a climate fire because our  entire climate is on fire. These wildfires are not just an occurrence.  They are a condition, and the condition is only getting worse. Over the  past 20 years, the area of land consumed annually by wildfires has  doubled. In some parts of the West, that area is expected to grow  sixfold--six times the fires, six times the smoke--which means harmful  and dangerous air quality days for our youngest and our oldest, for  those with asthma and respiratory disease and other health conditions.   When trees die in a wildfire, they release the carbon that is stored  within them into the atmosphere. In that sense, you could look at each  burning tree as being a kind of a massive exhaust pipe, spewing carbon  up into the atmosphere and contributing to global warming. These fires  aren't just the product of climate change; these fires are producing  climate change. Additionally, once a tree fully burns, that particular  tree is gone for good and can no longer reclaim atmospheric carbon and  sequester it safely.   Those of us who have been fighting the climate crisis for decades  take no joy in being right. None of us can take a deep breath outside  on the east coast right now and not be at risk. But if we ignore this  moment, if we don't take advantage of the searing example right in  front of us, then we ignore a duty to act. Our public health is at  risk. Our very lungs are at risk. There might be a veil of smoke  outside, but let's not veil our sight to the need for climate  solutions.   There is no mystery here. When you superheat the planet and create  searing heat over densely wooded forests, fires are not a surprise.  They are the logical outcome of your actions. The future is here right  now. Today, we talk about fires. In September, we will talk about  hurricanes. In the winter, we will talk about a polar vortex. And in  the spring, we will talk about flood and drought before next summer,  when we will talk about fires all over again, until we finally talk  about the thing we should be talking about, which is how we reduce the  emissions, end of this cycle of self-destruction, and secure a safe and  stable planet once and for all for everyone.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   