 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my own bill, H.J. Res.  7, terminating the COVID national emergency declaration.   It is the same bill text that I sponsored in the 117th Congress and  the same bill text that passed the Senate twice last year, most  recently in November with the bipartisan support of all Republican  Senators and 12 Democratic Senators.   Emergency powers were created to give the executive branch  flexibility to respond to a range of crises facing the United States,  and the National Emergencies Act was passed in 1974 to rein in the  Presidential emergency powers that are activated when a formal  emergency is declared.   As I have said before, good process builds good policies builds good  politics. So, let's look at the timeline. On March 13, 2020, President  Trump rightfully declared a national emergency concerning COVID-19. Mr.  Biden has since abused Presidential authorities by repeatedly extending  pandemic powers beyond their timeline and scope.   Section 202 of the National Emergencies Act requires Congress to  review termination of all national emergencies, stating that 6 months  after declaration, and every 6 months after the emergency continues,  Congress must--must--meet to consider a resolution of termination.   Sadly, rather than debate and vote on terminating the emergency  declaration, the former Speaker changed the rules of the entire House  of Representatives and handicapped Congress' ability to perform its  most basic constitutional duty: check the powers of the executive  branch and the power of the purse.   As a result, Mr. Biden continues to extend the COVID national  emergency into perpetuity. Until now, there has been zero oversight  from the House, even though Federal law requires congressional review.   By now, and by any measure, the COVID-19 pandemic in the United  States has ended, but Biden has dubiously continued to extend his  pandemic power. Why? Under the continued COVID national emergency  extension, more than 120 special statutory powers only meant for times  of actual emergency continue to be available to Mr. Biden, including  the power to draft Americans without consent, barricade the United  States Capitol, place the Public Health Service under military control,  and, yes, even move money around.  [[Page H527]]    Biden's unwillingness to let go of the temporary pandemic powers is  tyranny, and the former Speaker is complicit.   Thankfully, with our new Republican majority and restored House  rules, Members of Congress and millions of Americans that they  represent are finally able to weigh in on their concerns with continued  pandemic powers.   The COVID pandemic emergency in the U.S. has ended, and most  Americans have returned to prepandemic normalcy. Biden himself stated:  ``The pandemic is over.''   So, why does Biden continue to extend the COVID national emergency?  The answer is simple: To force Americans to live under extreme measures  that deprive us of our freedoms.   It is sad to hear the other side talk about all this lack of tyranny  and not following the rules. We were forbidden to do our job.   The National Emergencies Act requires, demands, that Congress, every  6 months, look at this national emergency and decide whether to go up  or down. That is all it did.   In the 2 years since he has been President, we have done neither. It  is high time that we answer that call and do our job. At least the  Senate has done it twice.   I think we need to get back to getting back the power of the purse  and holding this administration accountable. Time is up. I ask that  everybody vote for these bills.    Mr. Speaker, censorship in America is a major problem.  Congress cannot continue to deputize Big Tech to censor competition and  lawful political speech.   Reforming section 230 of the Communications Decency Act is critical.  That is why I have sponsored Stop the Censorship Act: to empower users  with their editorial control, not government or Big Tech.   Making it worse, Big Government has colluded with Big Tech to censor  American citizens and to influence elections, which is a clear and  illegal violation of the Hatch Act and First Amendment. Now, we have  AT&T's DIRECTV deplatforming Newsmax. It is all unacceptable.   Corrupt corporations and bureaucrats must be held accountable. We  will utilize the Holman rule and all tools at our disposal in Congress.   Looking back even 10 years, it was difficult to predict the  totalitarian instincts that Big Tech and fake news media now promote.   Our country was literally founded on free speech and other civil  liberties. Today, the fragile Big Tech hipsters are afraid of ideas.  They are afraid of open discussion. They cannot fathom how to issue a  counterpoint to anyone or an idea they don't like.   Censorship is un-American. It is uncivil. It is a recipe for  discontent and authoritarianism. An enforced contract between the  subscriber and user protects free speech.   I thank the Congressman from Colorado for hosting this Special Order  on this important issue, and I look forward to our investigations and  to our reforms.  [[Page H563]]        