 Madam President, it is a very happy coincidence for  me that I get to follow my friend Senator Schatz on this topic to  oppose the solar tariff Congressional Review Act effort that has been  mounted on the floor because I could not agree more with him that this  particular episode playing out here on the floor of the Senate today is  part of a larger scheme.   We begin with the fact that across the United States, the solar  industry employs a quarter of a million workers. It is a big deal.  These are well-paying jobs in an industry that saves families money on  their electric bills and decreases our carbon footprint--decreases our  carbon footprint. So, of course, fossil fuel forces oppose it, and that  is what we are stuck with now.   This fossil fuel attack, through this CRA, if successful, would lead  to more than a billion dollars in retroactive duties on American solar  companies. It would cost us 30,000 jobs. It would cost us $4.2 billion  in domestic investment. It would lead to the cancellation of 4  gigawatts of solar projects. And it would create an increase of 42  million metric tons of CO2. So, of course, the fossil fuel  industry is against all of that. It is for the duties. It is against  the jobs. It is against the investment. It is against the solar  projects. And it couldn't care less about CO2.   The problem that we have here is that we are in a race against time  to solve the climate problem before it gets out of hand.   In this town and in this building, one of the most dangerous things  that we face is groupthink. The current groupthink is that climate  change is a manageable problem; it won't get out of control. I don't  believe that to be true. I think climate change is extremely  dangerous--dangerous to our economy, dangerous to our ecosystems, and  dangerous to our well-being.   We are having hearings in the Budget Committee that showcase some of  those dangers--the danger of a coastal property values crash that is  going to be worse than the 2008 mortgage meltdown; the danger of a  similar property values crash in the West, where wildfire risk will  have the same effect on properties; the danger of an insurance meltdown  because nature won't let insurance companies predict things any longer  safely, so they can't ensure them any longer because they can't  predict, and you have a retraction of the insurance market and all of  what that means.   Last of all, we have got a huge carbon bubble that we have been  repeatedly warned is going to pop. And when it does, U.S. fossil fuel  assets will be stranded, their value will go to near zero, and there  will be an enormous global economic dislocation.   These are ideas that have been put forward by huge insurance company  executives, by Freddie Mac, by people who study the risk in wildfire  areas, by the major sovereign banks of the world. Serious grownups are  warning of these risks.   Up against those serious grownups, we have the creepy front groups of  the fossil fuel industry denial machine continuing to put poison and  nonsense into our ecosystem, into our mental and political ecosystem.  That has to stop.   Groupthink is dangerous enough. More dangerous, there is a subgroup  in the House and in the Senate that has stopped thinking entirely and  is just taking marching orders from the fossil fuel industry. The  conflict of interest could not be more apparent. It is obvious and  plain on its face. Yet the money is there. The political dark money  pours in, so they line up and follow them right off the cliff like  lemmings. That is even more dangerous than groupthink.   Last, this is not the only game that is being played by our fossil  fuel industry folks. One of the other things that we are going to have  to continue to work on, and what the SEC is working on right now, is  what is called ESG requirements put out by corporations. ESG is  environment, social, and governance. What this is, is corporate America  deciding that it is really important to its stockholders to make sure  they are good citizens and that the likeliest measures of bad  citizenship will be bad environmental practice, bad social practice,  and bad governance. And so they intend to clean that up. There are  experts who have looked at ``e'' and ``s'' and ``g'' to figure out what  the best ways are for corporate America to avoid those risks.   Well, all these warnings about what is happening with fossil fuel and  with climate change that scientists have known about forever, they are  now so real and so immediate that they are within the zone where a  fiduciary--a corporation with an obligation to its shareholders, a bank  with an obligation to its customers--has to take the climate danger  into account.   If you are writing 30-year mortgages, you have got to look out 30  years; and within 30 years, climate looks like it is going to be a  nightmare. So this risk is now real. It is on the fiduciary horizon.  [[Page S1485]]    The fossil fuel industry can't stand it, so they are trying to break  the rules of the market. They are trying to undo ESG. They want the  government to intervene in what corporations are doing to protect their  shareholders and tell them the truth about market risk consistent with  their fiduciary obligations. They want to break every step in that  chain to protect their continued ability to pollute.   So watch this ESG nonsense. The anti-ESG, so-called woke corporatism,  is a fake. It is a Broadway theatrical production, minus being on  Broadway and being in a theater. But it has actors paid for by the  fossil fuel industry. It has script writers who are telling them what  to say. It has directors and producers who are driving the show behind  the scenes. It is an operation. It is a fake. It is a piece of  political theater, and we have to be willing to push back against that,  because you can't take these kind of chances with the climate risks  that we are now facing.   By the way, this objection to ESG, it is never about the ``g.'' It is  never about the ``s.'' It is always about the ``e,'' the environmental  piece. And within the environmental piece, it is always about carbon  emissions. That is a telltale as to who is behind the anti-ESG  political operation that is ongoing in America right now.   I hope we have a strong vote to knock this down.   I am delighted that President Biden is going to veto this. This would  be self-harm if we were to allow this to happen to our country.   I yield the floor.   