 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding.   This is an important week when it comes to the vehicles that we have  and the access to those vehicles.   To that end, I rise in support of an upcoming bill, H.R. 1435,  Preserving Choice in Vehicle Purchases Act.   If the leftist central planners get their way, the internal  combustion engine could be outlawed by 2035 or sooner.   The Biden administration and big city do-gooders want to ban the  internal combustion engine with climate change as the excuse, but the  facts speak otherwise. In 2021, 93 percent of light-duty vehicles sold  were powered by gasoline or flex-fuel variants.   From cleaner technologies, advanced fuels, and lower carbon  emissions, the internal combustion engine continues to be valued by  consumers from all walks of life.   Consumer choice is essential in rural areas where farmers, ranchers,  and small towns need access to reliable transportation and fuel.  Forcing electric vehicles on the masses through compulsion defeats the  very purpose of the consumer marketplace.   H.R. 1435 stops the attack on reliable and affordable transportation  options. Consumer choice in vehicles keeps education accessible,  employment a reality, and healthcare options in reach.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of H.R. 1435.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, only in California can something like that  be brought up, but, yes, that is my understanding. That is the  direction they are going.    That affects everyone else. We didn't even get into the  whole topic of just the overall economic and environmental impact, and  the resources necessary to build these electric cars. The resources  need to be sourced in unfriendly areas because we don't allow ourselves  to produce those components here. We are talking about lead, we are  talking about lithium, we are talking about the things that those  vehicles need. You probably know this, but if not, the places where  they get sourced are not exactly economically or environmentally  friendly.    This is a very bad situation, and it is up to us to try  to do something about it.    That is true. H.R. 1435 is not the only answer, but it  certainly is a step in the right direction. Just keep our internal  combustion engines alive and going.   By the way, the cleanliness of the vehicles that we have, the  internal combustion engines we have now have been getting continually  better and better and better and more efficient. So this whole ruse  about climate change being the purpose that this needs to happen is  just totally flawed.   