 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, tonight, I rise to advocate for the passage of  my amendment to the T-HUD bill, amendment No. 3, which would allocate  an additional $10 million toward the DOT's Consolidated Rail  Infrastructure and Safety Improvements account, otherwise known as  CRISI.   The CRISI program is designed to provide financial support for  project development and infrastructure upgrades, including station  improvements, improving rail system reliability, and grade crossing  projects, to ensure efficient and safe rail service.   CRISI also assists with the creation and improvement of grade  crossing projects, something of critical importance to my constituents  and others across the country.   Nowhere is rail safety more important than in New York's 17th  Congressional District, where hundreds of thousands of my constituents  live within 5 miles of a train track or train station.   Earlier this year, we saw the impacts of rail safety concerns when a  sweeping brush fire was ignited near the train tracks in Rockland  County. Thankfully, due to the efforts of our heroic first responders,  no one was injured or killed, but the fire came awfully close to doing  serious damage and causing potential loss of life, which is why it is  so critical to ensure that CRISI is funded appropriately.   Earlier this year, I sent a letter with dozens of my colleagues  calling for the full funding of this program, and this amendment helps  toward that goal.   Rail safety is not something that should be shortchanged in funding,  especially after the disasters we have seen nationwide, including in  East Palestine, Ohio.   Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this critical  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Cole), the chair of the Rules Committee.    Mr. Chair, I think it is important, obviously, to  increase support for safety improvements, given some of the incidents  that we have seen across the country.   Mr. Chair, in response to my colleague across the aisle, I don't  think we would be in this situation if the prior Congress didn't  increase spending by over $5 trillion in 2 years. In looking to find  savings for the American taxpayer while making sure that these programs  are funded to the degree that they need to be, I think it is important  that we increase funding in this account by $10 million, and I  encourage all of my colleagues to support that.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   