 Mr. President, I want to thank my good friend the Senator  from Oklahoma, who is also a member of the Intelligence Committee, a  subject of which I am going to speak to, and I appreciate the courtesy  of allowing me to go first.   Today, Mr. President, I rise to say a few words about someone who has  been an essential part of the Senate community for many, many years.   I am proud to note that earlier this week--as a matter of fact, on  Tuesday evening--with the support from the Senator from Oklahoma, the  Senate unanimously confirmed the nomination of Mike Casey to serve as  Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center. We  know, at a time when the United States is facing tremendous foreign  intelligence and security threats, it is important to have a Senate- confirmed leader as the head of the NCSC, which is charged with  protecting against insider threats, supply chain risks, and other  counterintelligence issues.  [[Page S4512]]    The truth is, the position has been vacant since the end of the last  administration. So, as chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I am  glad that we will finally now have a Senate-confirmed leader in place  to lead the efforts to protect against foreign threats, to protect U.S.  critical infrastructure, to advance the counterintelligence and  security mission, and--maybe most importantly--to be on constant call  of the Senate Intelligence staff to make sure that efforts to reform  security clearances is at the top of the agenda.   But while I recognize that this is a great step for our country and  our national security, it is a real loss to me personally, to members  on both sides of the aisle on the Intelligence Committee, and to our  staff, because we are losing Mike Casey, who has been the staff  director for the last 8 years. And while he doesn't look Medicare- eligible, the truth is, he has been working up here for 28 years,  starting in the House of Representatives and, eventually, joining the  staff of the House Armed Services Committee before Senator Feinstein  brought him over to the upper Chamber as staff director for the Senate  Intel Committee in 2016.   I have worked extraordinarily closely with Mike over my years as a  member of the committee but particularly when I bumped up to the  position of vice chair. I think a lot about our kind of bonding and, in  many ways, I think of the committee's bonding when, under the able  leadership of then-chairman Richard Burr, the committee took on the  responsibility of the investigation into the outside interference of  the 2016 national elections. Our staff and, at that point, the majority  committee's staff worked so seamlessly together.   While we got a lot of grief from folks all across the political  spectrum--and a lot of this was due to Mike Casey--one of the things  that I was most proud of was, as a variety of people came before the  committee to testify on what could have been, otherwise, a totally  partisan matter as it was in the House of Representatives, witness  after witness said they didn't know, as they were being questioned,  whether they were being questioned by majority or minority staff. A lot  of that was due to Mike Casey's leadership.   The truth, as well, is that Mike--I had to push him at times. You  know, he used to think that the job of the Intelligence Committee was  basically just to do oversight on the 17, 18, 19--depending on the  week--number of IC Agencies that we oversee. He didn't realize that,  actually, the IC's responsibility--and I know sometimes the Presiding  Officer and I have had clashes--was literally everything that touched  technology in our country.   Again, Mike, while sometimes reluctant, has stepped up to that task.  And I am proud of the fact that it was our committee that initially  worked on the CHIPS bill and that it was our committee that first  pointed out some of the challenges with 5G and Huawei as well as some  of the more recent work.   One of the ways we were able to do that--and we have got a lot of the  committee staff behind us--is because, literally, Mike Casey knew  everyone in the IC and the DOD. He knew where they were. He knew where  the bodies were buried, both literally and figuratively, and could make  sure that, as we tried to go off into other directions, that basic core  function of oversight was never, never undermined. Again, he did this  always--after a little nudging--in a bipartisan way.   I am extraordinarily proud of that and proud of the service that he  has provided in educating me on a lot of issues that I was not that  familiar with as I came on to the committee and in keeping our Intel  Committee staff together. That bipartisan nature has continued under  his leadership in our workings with Vice Chair Rubio and his team as  well.   So, while we say goodbye to Mike, we also wish him well as he embarks  on his critical new role. As Director of the National  Counterintelligence and Security Center, Mike will face many of the  same challenges we have wrestled with on the Intelligence Committee.   As we all know, the truth is that national security is no longer  simply about who has got the most tanks and guns and ships and planes.  It really is about who is going to lead in artificial intelligence,  quantum computing, 5G, cyber security, synthetic biology. All of these  are areas in which Mike, in his new job, will also have to point out  threats, both external and internal, to America's leadership.   He will--as I mentioned, he is committed--respond to our staff member  John Rosenwasser at any moment, day or night, 7 days a week, 24 hours a  day, to make sure that we finally finish security clearance reform and  make sure, in terms of insider threats, that we don't see repeats of  what has happened, unfortunately, too many times. So while Mike Casey  might be leaving our staff, it is safe to say he will not be leaving my  speed dial.   We will miss you, Mike.   Most importantly, I give him these final words of advice: Don't screw  it up.   I yield the floor to my good friend, the Senator from Oklahoma.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  privileges of the floor be granted to the following member of my staff,  Max Slaiman, today.   