 Madam President, reserving the right to object.   Last night, I spoke on the phone with Secretary of Defense Lloyd  Austin. I also spoke with him last Thursday. Both conversations were  very cordial. We had good conversations, respectful; but they were very  brief. There was absolutely no offer--there was no offer--of a  compromise. It is their way or the highway. Thus far, the Pentagon has  done nothing but attack me, and I keep repeating the same claims over  and over.   Since I spoke with Secretary Austin on Thursday, a few things have  changed. One is that the House of Representatives has now passed their  annual Defense bill. The bill contains an amendment that would  explicitly repeal the memos which implemented the Pentagon's new  abortion policy. It wasn't in the base text of the bill. It was added  on the floor by the majority of the House Members. The majority of the  House of Representatives has spoken out in opposition to this policy.  It was a bipartisan vote.   Senator Bennet, Secretary Austin, and President Biden need to realize  this. I am not alone. Our team is building and growing, and 60 percent  of the country is opposed to taxpayer funding for abortion. That  includes Democrats, Republicans, and Independents--60 percent.   The Pentagon's new abortion policy is even worse than that. It is a  taxpayer-funded abortion that nobody--and I mean nobody--in the House  or here voted for.   It gets worse. This morning, the Pentagon's staff who is in charge of  putting this together, gave a briefing to the members of the Senate  Armed Services Committee. To be honest with you, it was a complete  debacle. I thought they would be prepared. The briefing confirmed a few  things we know about this policy.   First of all, there are virtually no restrictions at all on the use  of this policy. None. The briefers confirmed that the policy could be  used to facilitate a late-term abortion for enlisted members and their  dependents. Pentagon officials confirmed that this policy would  facilitate abortion up to the moment of birth, depending on the State-- at the moment of birth. Late-term abortion is opposed--late-term  abortion is opposed--by about three-quarters of the American people.   To be clear, the DOD has the authority to perform abortions in cases  of rape, incest, and the life of the mother. That was passed on this  floor in 1984. Now, what we are talking about with this new policy that  no one in this building voted on is taxpayer funding for elective late- term abortion. This is radical. It is extreme. It is downright wrong.   Third, the briefers essentially confirmed that the policy was not-- was not--based on facts. It was based on an extreme political ideology.  I asked the briefers for evidence that abortion improves readiness.  They should have seen this coming before they walked in the building  this morning at 9 o'clock. They knew they were going to be asked this.  I have been asking this question for a year; and Pentagon officials  still have absolutely no evidence whatsoever that it impedes readiness.  When the administration was touting this policy, they said it could  lead up to 4,000 taxpayer-funded abortions a year.   Let me explain this.   When I got a briefing last year from the Pentagon, we asked them: How  many abortions is this going to consist of? Well, now we are doing two  dozen a year. When this policy is put into place, RAND--their polling  group out of the Pentagon--said it will affect probably around 4,000.  Now, this came from the Pentagon. This wasn't made up by my team or  anybody else in my party. This came directly from the Pentagon. Now, I  want to say this--4,000--and that is not including dependents. It is  not including dependents. So you are looking at a lot more.   Now they are backtracking and accusing me of inflating that number.  Well, that is fine. They have a short memory. That argument cuts both  ways. The Democrats need to explain why 2,000 abortions--if that is all  it is going to be--are necessary for a military of 2 million people.  They can't explain it because it has nothing to do with readiness. We  are talking about elective abortion.   We already have an abortion policy for rape, incest, and the health  of the mom. This policy was, in no way, affected by the Alabama law or  any other State law. It has nothing to do with the Dobbs decision. This  is a taxpayer-funded abortion that nobody--and I mean nobody--voted for  in this building or at the other end of the building.   The Democrats say my hold is unprecedented. Well, I will say this:  Their abortion policy is unprecedented. We are here to make the law,  not the Pentagon.   Anyone who calls himself pro-life needs to stand up and be counted  right now. That means my party included. The Democrats' media machine  is throwing the kitchen sink at this hold. It doesn't bother me. I have  been called everything anyway. It just makes me that much stronger to  hear people complain about this, knowing that deep down, somewhere,  there is a soft part in their hearts for 4,000 to 5,000 unborn babies  who will never breathe life on this Earth. So the more Joe Biden  attacks me, the more I am convinced I am doing the right thing.    It seems like my colleagues on the left will do anything to change  the subject and distract from this issue at hand. Recently, even the  White House attacked my football record. My wife did the same thing at  times. It is absolutely ridiculous, though, how this thing has gotten  out of hand. There has been very little conversation, very little  dialogue, and that is what this place is supposed to be about. The only  dialogue we have had is with Senator Bennet and several other Senators  coming in and discussing this in a UC, but the people who can change  this and have an opportunity to make a difference in this could sit  down and talk.   I hate that we have to do this, but we are going to stick with it. So  let's stick with the facts. And, after today's briefing, it is clear to  me that the Pentagon doesn't have any facts.   For that reason, I object.   