 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, my amendment is quite simple. It expresses the sense of  Congress that the Department of Education and the Secretary of  Education should no longer have any authority to administer any program  related to elementary or secondary education in the United States.   Some people may confuse the purpose of my amendment, and let me be  clear: It is to strengthen public education in the United States.   I am a product of public education, K-12. I attended public schools,  as did my wife and all of our children.   We are proud of our schools in this country, but it is time to turn  in the grade card for the Department of Education. They have been at it  for 40 years, and they get an F. Education has not improved, but  spending has doubled per pupil.   It is time to return the power back to the States, back to the  people, and back to the school boards to allow them to make these  decisions locally.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr.  Brecheen).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, as my colleague from Oklahoma pointed out,  Congress lacks the constitutional authority to create what amounts to a  national school board of unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats.   How many are there; 4,000 bureaucrats in Washington, D.C.?   My colleague on the other side of the aisle said that basically every  school would like to have more money.   How could we do that without raising taxes?   Quit wasting it in Washington, D.C., on 4,000 bureaucrats who cost us  about $100,000 apiece.   These bureaucrats make more than the teachers. Yet, they don't teach  a single class. They don't write books. They don't help with that.   In fact, the Federal Government is responsible for about 90 percent  of the red tape that local schools have to deal with and only about 10  percent of the funding. It is time to change that equation.   Imagine if we could hire 4,000 more teachers in this country using  that money and pay them each $100,000, pay them what the bureaucrats  get in Washington, D.C.   How many more kids would get a better education?   I suspect a lot more kids would get a better education.   This was a reelection ploy that was foisted on America by Jimmy  Carter and Congress at the time in 1979. It did not work. He did not  get reelected. It was not a good idea, but here we are. We are stuck  with it.   It is time, as I said before, to reevaluate this.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment to show  that we support public education. We support the rights of parents to  determine through their school boards the rights of teachers. The  teachers know what to teach and how to teach. They don't need the  Federal Government telling them.   What your child learns or how your child learns shouldn't be  dependent on who won the Presidential election and who became Secretary  of Education. It is too important to leave it up to that. You need to  leave it up to your community, to the teachers and the parents.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this amendment and the underlying bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   