 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 874, and I  ask that it be reported by number.  [[Page S3720]]     I ask unanimous consent that there be up to 4 minutes  of debate, equally divided, prior to the rollcall vote.    Mr. President, every time our flag is unfurled, I would  ask you all: What emotion is stirred in your hearts? Old Glory means  many things to many people. Some stand and some kneel. Some salute her  while others burn her.   Regardless of your sentiments, what no one can deny is that hundreds  of thousands of Americans have died for this one flag that gives you  the freedoms we all enjoy. Few, if any, Americans have died for any  other flag.   As for me, every time this flag is unfurled, I think about my own  family members who have served. My family has had someone from every  generation serve under this one flag since the Civil War. Four of my  grandfathers' grandfathers enlisted in the Union to preserve this  Republic, three of whom died on a bloody battlefield. My mom's uncle  served in World War I and was exposed to mustard gas in the Argonne  Forest, and two of my dad's uncles stormed the beaches of Normandy. My  own uncles and cousins have served. My father served. My brother  served. I served. My son is serving. And we all serve under one flag.  My family who served, that is what I think of when this flag is  unfurled.   Look, many Americans have died to give you the freedom to honor or  disgrace the flag as you see fit for your own home. Wouldn't you think  that, to honor America and those who serve, especially for those who  have made the ultimate sacrifice and the Gold Star families, our  country should honor one American flag?   I hope you will agree with me as patriots that it would be right and  proper that on the buildings and grounds owned by we the people, only  one flag, with reasonable exceptions--the flag so many Americans have  fought and died for, the one flag that represents this idea of  America--should be unfurled. This is exactly what our amendment does.   A vote against this amendment is a slap on the face of those of us  who have served, and it is disrespectful to the families whose loved  ones have died in defending this one flag and the Republic for which it  stands.   I yield the floor.   