 Mr. President, I rise today to recognize Sharon Cohen, who  retires this week from the Senate Dining Room. Over her almost three  decades here, Ms. Cohen has left a lasting impression on a number of my  colleagues and guests who have visited the dining room, including my  children and grandchildren and the whole Senate dining team.   Ms. Cohen has seen Senators come and go from this building. She has  been here longer than most of my colleagues. She has been here longer  than I have. I always look forward to seeing Ms. Cohen. She is always  welcoming. She is always gracious. She makes an effort to get to know  not just every Senator but every guest who comes through the doors  regardless of whom they walked in with, regardless of their political  affiliation.   In a place where at times relationships can be tested and debate can  be intense, Ms. Cohen always made Senate dining a welcoming place. It  is clear to anyone who has met Ms. Cohen that she cares deeply for the  people in her life--her family, her colleagues, her guests. She seems  to always be thinking about what is best for others.   Among her colleagues, Ms. Cohen is known for being steady and  reliable and, most importantly, for her generous spirit. She is always  helping whomever she can, however she can. She never asks for anything  in return. Her colleagues shared that they don't think they have ever  met anyone who works harder than she, and when she finishes her work,  she helps everyone who needs it. She is a team player. She is a hard  worker.   Maybe most important, she has made a difference for so many people.  Maybe all of us, my colleagues and I, can learn from that.   The workers in these jobs often don't get a lot of recognition. They  are too often ignored. Yet they are every bit as important to the  Senate as the people on the Senate floor.   She brings a dignity to this job--the same kind of dignity as a  carpenter who is proud of her work or a sheet metal worker who is proud  of his work or someone who works in manufacturing, someone who works in  a veterans hospital, someone who provides home care--because all work  has dignity, as she understands.   Ms. Cohen is a treasured member of staff and of this institution. As  her colleagues shared, they are sad to see her leave. While they know  things will not be the same without her, they share Ms. Cohen's  excitement for her next chapter. In retirement, she plans to spend time  with her daughter and help care for her granddaughter.   I know she will be missed by the Senate dining team. I know we will  all miss seeing her. And I appreciate not just her work but the work of  all people who serve in this body in all kinds of capacities.   Ms. Cohen, thank you. I wish you a long, joyous retirement spent with  your granddaughter. Congratulations.   