 Will the gentlewoman yield?    Mr. Chair, I thank my dear friend from West Virginia  (Mrs. Miller) for her leadership and for yielding. I truly appreciate  her leadership on energy policy, as we are seeing here today, and also  for her working with us on getting this Lower Energy Costs Act to the  floor, and, hopefully, passed over to the Senate shortly. She has been  a champion on energy issues of all kinds, but especially on the  pipeline issue specific to West Virginia.   Pipelines are so critical to America's energy independence. In fact,  we deal with making it easier to move pipelines and build pipelines in  America. A lot of the infrastructure that we need to make this country  grow is being held up right now from a lot of radical regulations on  the left and outside groups that don't want American energy. They are  fine with getting dirty energy from foreign countries, but they want to  make it harder to get American energy. Pipelines are part of that  ability for us to bring back energy production to America and provide  for our own energy needs and not be dependent on other countries.   Although construction on the Mountain Valley pipeline is essentially  complete, it continues to be tied up in the courts. I understand the  frustration that proponents of the pipeline are experiencing. I  especially want to thank Congresswoman Miller for her leadership  because she has truly been fighting to get this project done.   At the end of the day, until this project is done, it is not only  going to be helping the people of West Virginia, but so many other  people. I look forward to continuing to work through this issue with my  friend from West Virginia and others in our Conference as we continue  to push for more American energy production that will lower costs for  families, not just in my home State of Louisiana or my friend from West  Virginia's home State, but also for people all across America.  [[Page H1556]]    Bad energy policy hurts families everywhere, especially low-income  families. It is time we get this policy right. I thank my friend from  West Virginia for her leadership.   