 Reserving the right to object, there is a certain amount of  irony in seeing Republicans come to the floor proposing mandates on  business to Republicans picking winners and losers. Mandating that all  cars have AM radio is antithetical to any notion of limited government  and has nothing to do with the debate over free speech.   The debate over free speech is whether or not government can place  limitations on speech. It has nothing to do with whether or not you  have a right to have your opinion in the New York Times or whether you  get to listen to radio. It really has nothing to do with the debate  over free speech.    The debate over free speech, as listed in the First Amendment, is  that government shall pass no law. It has nothing do with forcing your  manufacturers to have AM radio. This legislation attempts to insert  Congress's judgment into a question best decided by American consumers.  This isn't about consumers turning on or off the radio; this is about  consumers deciding which car they want to buy, what they want to pay  for it, and what they want as the extras in the car.   American families are already struggling, and this bill is yet  another private sector mandate that would cost car buyers even more  money. This bill mandates that AM radio be included in vehicles  manufactured in the United States, imported into the United States, or  simply shipped in interstate commerce.   What happens when government places mandates on the private  marketplace? Consumers pay more. To provide AM radio in electric cars,  manufacturers must include equipment to counteract the electromagnetic  interference between the battery and the AM radio waves. The equipment  necessary to fix this problem, at a minimum, costs several hundred  dollars per vehicle.   According to the Consumer Technology Association, even a small  automotive production line would incur costs above $15 million to  comply with this mandate. The sponsors of this legislation know this  bill will increase costs for car buyers. That is why they included a  provision that also prohibits carmakers from charging a fee or an  additional payment for access to AM broadcast stations.   So it is not just a mandate that you have to have AM; it is a mandate  that you can't charge for AM radio. It is more than one mandate on car  manufacturers, and it will add to the cost of the car.   Well, that sure is an interesting thought. They think they are going  to prevent this by saying that the car manufacturer can't charge for AM  radio, but people will still pay more for their cars. If the mandate is  imposed, one way or another, people will pay for this cost. It just  doesn't disappear.   When angry consumers then complain about the ever-increasing cost of  cars, the proponents of this bill will inevitably shrug their shoulders  and say: Don't blame us. We passed a bill to force car companies to  incur an additional cost, and then we told them they weren't allowed to  charge you, but they did anyway.   When the government imposes costs on manufacturers, the government  inevitably imposes costs on the consumers. No bill can shield consumers  from the higher costs imposed by government. And Congress already  imposes significant costs on all taxpayers by forcing the many to  subsidize the few who own electric cars.   Electric car vehicles make up a small but growing percentage of  vehicles on the road. They comprise about 2 percent of all vehicles,  and nearly 6 percent of the vehicles sold last year were electric. Most  of these electric cars are subsidized by the taxpayer.   If you want to get to the root of this problem, if you don't want  government subsidizing something that bans your favorite form of  entertainment, quit subsidizing them. So I have a great deal of  sympathy for AM radio. I love AM radio, but I don't want to give up on  our philosophy and just say: Well, because it is something we like, we  are going to mandate it.   If you want to get to the root of the problem, quit subsidizing the  car manufacturers, quit subsidizing electric cars if they are going to  disfavor our speech. That is a way of empowering speech and promoting  speech that doesn't involve giving up on our principles that mandates  on business are not a good idea.   The electrical vehicle tax credit forces all of us to subsidize the  small number of electrical car owners. This subsidy, by incentivizing  the purchase of electrical cars, does threaten AM radio.   If you want to really get rid of this, quit subsidizing electric  cars. So instead of attacking the crux of the problem here though, this  legislation adds a government mandate to force car manufacturers to  install AM radios and increase the price of cars.   Do we seriously not see the folly of this exercise, particularly from  a conservative point of view? Let me be perfectly clear. Government  intervention in the economy cannot be the solution to problems caused  by government intervention in the economy. We have this problem because  government subsidizes these electric cars. We are going to fix it by  then mandating some other government rule. One mandate does not cancel  out another and will not make the situation better.   At some point, we have to remember that we are Members of Congress,  not the central planners of the automobile industry.   With that in mind, I offer a solution to get the government's foot  off the neck of taxpayers. Let's let the free market decide where  consumers can operate. Let's let people without subsidies, without  coercions, without the government getting involved, let's let them  pick. Do you want a car with AM radio or do you want an electric car  without an AM radio, but let's don't subsidize one or the other.   Rather than mandate the installation of AM radio, let's stop  subsidizing the purchase of electrical cars and the removal of AM  radio. Let's let the consumers tell the manufacturers, through hundreds  of transactions a day, what their preferences are.  [[Page S5738]]    So I ask unanimous consent to strike the mandate imposed by this  legislation and empower car buyers by modifying the request forward to  replace the text with my language that would repeal the electric  vehicle car tax.   So I would ask that the Senator modify his request and that the Paul  substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I object.   