 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and the submariner up  front. That is a special kind of service, no doubt about it. I thank  the chairman for his work on this legislation, for helping to bring it  to the floor, and for his work in helping to make sure that in this  body when those of us who are in here say never again in support of  Israel and the Jewish state, that it is something that we are doing  everything possible to make sure that never again is the truth.   You might ask what can this bill do in support of never again, and  why. The ``why'' on it is very simple because October 7 didn't happen  for free. October 7 didn't happen without planning. October 7 didn't  happen without delivery of arms from multiple nations. October 7 didn't  happen without the intelligence from multiple nations, nongovernment  organizations, and individuals. This happened as a result of a great  deal of all of the above.   This bill is specifically about sanctions, about making sure that we  can get to the individuals, the states, the government agencies, the  nongovernment agencies, or the companies that enabled October 7 to  happen. It is about making sure that we cut off the material support,  whether that is money or equipment or something that we might label  here in Washington as a dual-use item, from making it to the Gaza Strip  or the West Bank or into the hands of Hezbollah or somewhere else; from  making sure that we cut off the technological support, whether it is  intelligence or, literally, software or hardware or arms of propaganda;  whether we are cutting off the financial support, the terror financing,  the transactions, those that are engaging with the literal perpetrators  of terrorism, doing it by blocking and freezing assets and funds,  providing travel restrictions, export restrictions, and financial  sanctions so that they can't use our banks or financial institutions.  The list goes on.   That is the work that has to be done within these walls to make sure  that we can say never again. That is the work that we can do in here to  make sure that October 7 doesn't happen again, and it is the work that  we have to do in passing this bill to make sure that we do everything  possible to prevent the kind of terrorism, the barbaric acts that the  chairman spoke so eloquently and so vividly about.   It is in that vein that I ask my colleagues to rise in support of  this bill. Join us, vote unanimously in support of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I will address some of the comments that were  brought up about the bill and exemptions, and exemptions that do not  exist. I think it is important to recognize there are some exemptions.  There are exemptions for food and medicine.   Those exemptions exist, but there are not exemptions for pieces of  equipment that might be considered dual-use items that were used to  knock over the barricades, the fences, and the barriers that were  preventing the Palestinian terrorists from making it into Israel.   There are not exemptions to allow those kinds of pieces of equipment  that might come in under agricultural exemptions in this bill. Why?  Because they can be dual-use items. That is a reason to not have them.   When we look at this as a whole, I encourage the other side to not so  lightly throw around the idea of innocent Palestinian civilians, as is  frequently said. I don't think we would so lightly throw around the  term ``innocent Nazi civilians'' during World War II.   We are going to speak later about a bill related to Palestinian  education and the fact that in their schools, schools run by the  Palestinian Authority, not Hamas, not Palestinian Islamic Jihad, not  al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigade, not Lions' Den, not any of the other groups  run by the Palestinian Authority, they have anti-Semitic teachings that  they put within their own schools.   The list goes on and on of the examples we could give of what  somebody might call a rank-and-file Gazan or a rank-and-file person in  the West Bank or just a Palestinian that maybe doesn't fall under that  name of Hamas or Palestinian Islamic Jihad but by any classical  definition would absolutely be considered a terrorist, somebody that in  the last couple of weeks had been conducting kidnappings, murders,  brutality that is nearly unspeakable.   As we look at this and what kind of exemptions should and should not  exist, I ask that it be looked at through that lens, that there is not  this far stretch to say there are very few innocent Palestinian  civilians.   I haven't seen the videos of the innocent Palestinian civilians who  were out there trying to protect the Israelis, who were out there  trying to stop the attacks and trying to get the captives returned  instead of being taken into the tunnel systems.   We need to look at that as well when we think about the equipment,  whether agricultural or otherwise, that might be put in the hands of  those terrorists.    Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to rise in support and say thank  you for the great work on this piece of legislation.   It is very important, as both sides have spoken about, the idea if  you were to make a comparison, such as if a farmer had to be sanctioned  but we were thinking about sanctioning the farmer without sanctioning  their crops, or the truck that they would use to transport them, or the  dock workers, or the market that they would bring the crops to, it  would be nonsensical. This is essentially the situation that we have  going on between Iran, China, Russia, an entire axis of evil, that they  are getting their crops to market.   In my opinion, it is one of the most important things that we can  work to prevent in order to have the greatest impact on Iran and their  ability to finance terror across the globe.   In that, I thank the gentleman for his work and for yielding me the  time.    Mr. Speaker, I want to speak specifically, as both sides  have mentioned, as to what goes on in this education within these  UNRWA/Palestinian Authority-run schools. People can find images of  these. Nobody is going to be able to see them on camera. Let's read  them specifically.   An example of a fourth grade Palestinian math problem: ``The number  of martyrs in the First Intifada is 2,026 martyrs, and the number of  martyrs of the Al-Aqsa Intifada is 5,050 martyrs. The number of martyrs  in the two intifadas is_____ martyrs?''   This is another example, a seventh grade physics problem people can  look at, and we can find many examples of this. This is on Newton's  second law: ``During the first Palestinian uprising, Palestinian youths  used slingshots to confront the soldiers of the Zionist occupation and  defend themselves from their treacherous bullets. What is the  relationship between the elongation of the slingshot's rubber and the  tensile strength affecting it?'' This is their physics work.   Another example, again, from Palestinian Authority-run schools in  conjunction with the United Nations, a geography question. This one  asks sixth graders to define the borders of Palestine which completely  erase the existence of Israel.   They are not interested in a two-state solution. I agree. I don't  think a two-state solution is a good idea, but they are interested in a  one-state solution in which no Israel exists at all. That is what is  being taught in the schools, and that is what no U.S. taxpayer dollars  should be sent to support at all. That is the purpose of the request  for the information on what is going on with this U.N.-funded  education.   I just offer the reminder that these are not Hamas-run schools. They  are not Palestinian-Islamic Jihad-run schools. They are not Al-Aqsa  Martyrs Brigade-run schools. They are not Lions' Den-run schools. They  are Palestinian Authority-run schools, what we could consider the  Palestinian government; the Palestinian government that at one point  has been a majority of Hamas members in that government.   In these Palestinian authority-run schools, this is their government  teaching. It is the U.N. teachings. This is what the teachers--maybe  not considered Hamas, but let's consider them rank-and-file  Palestinians--are teaching the students. This is what the rank-and-file  students across the area are learning. This is what their parents are  seeing them taught. I think this is what we are seeing be professed by  extremists across Times Square, Harvard, Tulane, and other places, and  I consider it extremely anti-Semitic and dangerous.   