 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I  rise today in support of my amendment No. 70 to H.R. 4664.   In May of this year, the Small Business Administration implemented a  final rule on affiliation and lending criteria that eliminated  longstanding guardrails and prudent lending standards for its flagship  7(a) loan program.   Chief among these changes is the SBA's decision to eliminate the  prescriptive lending criteria that has allowed the program to function  with integrity for decades.   The 7(a) lending program offers government-backed loans to businesses  that are guaranteed by the taxpayer up to 85 percent. By removing the  prudent underwriting standards for all lenders in the program, the SBA  has opened up the program to increased fraud and losses. These changes  will add risk to the SBA's loan portfolio. If enough of these loans go  bad, Congress will have to step in and bail out the program to keep it  operational, meaning the weak underwriting standards implemented by  this rule could lead to a significant loss of taxpayer dollars. Mr.  Chairman, such added risk is unacceptable when taxpayers are on the  hook.   This year our country experienced the largest bank failures we have  seen since the 2008 financial crisis. The SBA should not be moving  forward with their plan to reduce underwriting standards in the 7(a)  lending program during these uncertain economic times.   This important amendment would undo the troubling underwriting  changes made by the Biden administration. This commonsense measure will  restore guardrails on these loans and ensure the longevity of the 7(a)  loan program.   Mr. Chair, I thank Small Business Committee Chairman Roger Williams  along with Representatives Luetkemeyer, Stauber, Ellzey, and Alford for  their cosponsorship of this amendment. I urge my colleagues to support  it.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment will strengthen the already  meaningful piece of legislation we are considering today, which cuts  wasteful spending and reduces burdensome, costly regulations on small  businesses.   Of particular importance, the underlying legislation prohibits the  Biden administration from implementing the SEC's climate disclosure  rule, which prioritizes ideology over capital formation for investors.   The legislation also rightfully brings the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau under the purview of the congressional appropriations  process. The CFPB has lacked transparency and accountability for years  while being funded directly by the Federal Reserve, and this bill will  give Congress the authority to provide appropriate oversight.   Additionally, the bill will halt the CFPB's implementation of its  onerous 1071 small business data collection rule, which places undue  costs and compliance burdens on America's small businesses and lenders.   Mr. Chairman, H.R. 4664 is a win for taxpayers, consumers, and for  the American financial system. My amendment will help make it an even  greater win for small businesses by protecting the soundness and  integrity of a program that offers access to affordable and reliable  capital for entrepreneurs.   I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment and the  underlying legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   