 Mr. President, I want to thank our friends from North  Dakota, from West Virginia, and from Nebraska for being here today to  talk about producing low-cost energy, which would reduce emissions.   I am from an energy-producing State. In Texas, we are an ``all of the  above'' State. We actually generate more electricity from wind than any  other State in the Nation.   While I know many people think of the Lone Star State as being  primarily an oil and gas producer, which we are, we really are an ``all  of the above'' State because we found that, for example, when the wind  doesn't blow and the Sun doesn't shine, then you need a baseload from  some source, whether it is nuclear, whether it is natural gas. We have  even had instances where, because of very, very cold weather, 100-year  cold snaps, even natural gas does not supply that baseload. But here  again, it is a reminder of how vulnerable we all are to a secure and  affordable energy supply.   If we needed a recent historical reminder, when Mr. Putin invaded  Ukraine and threatened to cut off the sole source of energy for  essentially all of Europe, they had to scramble for alternative sources  and diversify their energy supply. That ought to be a lesson to us that  we should not put all of our eggs in one basket, but we should pursue  an ``all of the above'' energy strategy.   One of the biggest hurdles to energy development in America today,  whether it is fossil fuels or green energy, is the permitting process.  Any project with a Federal nexus, whether it touches Federal land,  crosses State lines, or uses Federal funding, has to wade through a  swamp of redtape. This process is not just cumbersome, it is also time- consuming and expensive. On average, it takes 4\1/2\ years to complete  the environmental review for potential projects. Again, that is just  the average--4\1/2\ years. Many projects take longer. In fact, it takes  more than 6 years to complete the environmental review for a quarter of  the projects.   Whether we are talking about drilling for oil and gas, building wind  farms, mining critical minerals, building pipelines, or any other  energy project, the permitting process is a major impediment. It puts  the boot on  [[Page S1031]]  the neck of America's energy producers; it raises costs for consumers,  who need more, not less, energy; and it delays the jobs and investment  that these projects would create.   Earlier this week, a coalition of more than 340 organizations sent a  letter to Congress advocating for commonsense permitting reform. This  group includes organizations that represent traditional energy  producers, like the American Petroleum Institute and the American Gas  Association, but it also notably includes renewable energy groups, such  as the American Clean Power Association and the American Council on  Renewable Energy. It includes industries that are supported by American  energy production, like pipeline contractors, builders, truckers, and  engineers, as well as groups that advocate for small businesses and  consumers. This is a very diverse range of stakeholders, and they agree  on this one thing: It is time to fix America's broken permitting  system. They described it as ``the biggest obstacle to building the  infrastructure of the future,'' and I agree.   I know that sometimes people think that building things is going to  encourage more fossil fuel production, but the simple fact is, the same  transmission lines that carry electricity from wind-generated  turbines--you need those for any type of electricity, whether it is  nuclear power, whether it is natural gas, whether it is wind. All of  these require certain basic infrastructure, and they are all slowed  down and made more expensive by the antiquated permitting process. This  problem harms American energy security and stands in the way of new  jobs and investments in communities all across the country.   It is time--it is really past time--for Congress to simplify and  expedite the permitting process. This is at the top of the to-do list  for our Republican colleagues in the House. As we have heard this week,  they are expected to pass a package of bills to overhaul the broken  permitting process and make other reforms to boost energy production  and bring down energy costs for consumers.   Unfortunately, the majority leader, the Senator from New York, didn't  waste any time attacking the House bill. He called it a ``partisan,  dead-on-arrival, and unserious proposal.'' That is hardly the recipe  for productive, bipartisan negotiations between the House and the  Senate.   As the majority leader knows, Senator Manchin, the Senator from West  Virginia--his permitting reform didn't have the votes to pass the  Senate, let alone the House. But the good news is that Senator Manchin  and Senator Capito--both from the great State of West Virginia--are  leading the efforts in this Chamber to work on a bipartisan permitting  reform bill.   The only way to fix the broken system is to work together, to utilize  our committees, and to craft a bill that can gain the requisite support  of at least 60 Senators.   As a top Republican on the Environment and Public Works Committee,  Senator Capito has been on point on this issue. She and Senator  Barrasso, who is the ranking member of the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee, are our leaders in trying to find a way to fix this broken  process and promote America's energy security.   As I said, there is strong bipartisan support for commonsense  permitting reform, and I hope the majority leader will not stand in the  way.   I yield the floor.    Regular order.    Regular order.   