 Mr. President, tomorrow morning, Leader McConnell and I  will welcome Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Senate.  This will be the third time President Zelenskyy meets with Senators  since the start of the war, and it will be his most important visit of  all.   The war in Ukraine stands at a crossroads, with our friends in  desperate need of American aid to maintain pressure on Vladimir Putin.  The last time President Zelenskyy spoke to the Senate, he warned us  that without more aid, Ukraine will lose the war--simple as that.  Earlier today, he warned military officers at the National Defense  University that ``if there's anyone inspired by unresolved issues on  Capitol Hill, it is just Putin and his sick clique.''   So if there is a word for what we most need this week, the word is to  be serious about the task at hand. If Republicans in the Senate do not  show they are serious about finalizing an agreement for the national  security package, Vladimir Putin is going to walk through Ukraine and  right through Europe.   Both parties understand that aiding Ukraine and resisting Putin are  critical for our national security, but Republicans and only  Republicans are holding everything up because of unrealistic,  maximalist demands on the border.   Last week, we put forth a serious bill to address our national  security needs. The package included robust border security provisions.  Republicans rejected it out of hand, demanding their way or the  highway, even though they were offered an amendment of their choosing-- and they only need 11 Democrats to go along.   This posture is unserious. Again, Republicans and only Republicans  are holding everything up because of unrealistic, maximalist demands on  the border.   I want to be very clear. Democrats very much want an agreement if  possible. We talked all weekend with our Republican counterparts to  find some kind of agreement. We talked again earlier today. We are not  there yet, but as a sign of good faith, Democrats are going to keep  trying.   If Republicans keep insisting on Donald Trump's border policies, then  they will be at fault when a deal for aid to Ukraine, Israel, and  humanitarian aid to Gaza falls apart. The onus is on Republicans to  show they are willing to moderate.   Let me say that again. If Republicans keep insisting on Donald  Trump's border policies, then they will be at fault when a deal for  Ukraine, Israel, and humanitarian aid to Gaza falls apart. Republicans  will be giving Vladimir Putin the best gift he could ask for.  [[Page S5886]]    Democrats are serious about reaching reasonable, bipartisan  compromise to pass this package. The question is if Republicans are now  willing to do the same.   