 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the  Republican efforts to extort President Biden and the American people.   As a former prosecutor who prosecuted the Italian mob for extortion,  I do not use that term lightly, but that is exactly what the  Republicans are doing to hold America hostage to their extreme views.   Make no mistake about it: House Republicans would never pass the  draconian spending cuts that they are pushing if they had to go through  the regular budget and appropriations process with a Democratic- controlled Senate and a Democrat in the White House, and they know  that. That is why they are using the threat of default on our debts,  which would devastate our economy, to extract concessions that they  would otherwise never get.   You don't have to take my word for it. One Republican Member said  just yesterday, ``Why would we negotiate with our hostage?''   To understand how unreasonable and how twisted their rationale is,  consider the Speaker's response when asked by a reporter what  concessions he has offered Democrats.   He stated one thing in response: Raising the debt ceiling.   That is not a concession. That is their constitutional duty to  maintain the full faith and credit of the United States.   Our deficit is where it is today largely because of the excessive  spending and serious, severe tax cuts that the Trump administration  implemented.   These same Republicans had no problem raising the debt limit three  times without demanding any spending cuts.   Republicans have a responsibility to ensure that we pay our debts,  created on their watch, so we don't default and so the global economy  does not crater, which would cause millions of Americans to lose their  jobs, their benefits, their healthcare, their food, and their  education.   We could raise the debt ceiling today if any five Republicans had the  courage to stand up to the most extreme voices in their party who view  the default on our debts and the catastrophic effect it would have on  the global economy as an objective in and of itself.   Our Constitution states that the validity of the public debt  authorized by law shall not be questioned. Yet, Republicans insist that  this constitutional obligation does not apply to them.   We must stop playing politics with our global economy, and we must  stand strong because we cannot and will not negotiate with  extortionists.   