 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask for permission to speak for up to  20 minutes before the vote.    Mr. President, the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau--we call it the CFPB--has struck again. It has made another bad  decision--this by an Agency that has become famous for bad decisions.  Here is what is going on.   You will remember the Dodd-Frank Act, of course, which this Congress  passed after the financial meltdown in 2007, 2008, and 2009. There was  a section in the Dodd-Frank Act called section 1071--fairly innocuous.  Congress directed certain information to be collected about small  business loans. We were curious about small business lending in  America, so we directed, in this section 1071, certain covered  financial institutions--I call them small banks because most business  loans to small business people come from small banks. We directed small  banks to start collecting information about their loans to small  business people because we wanted to know and see if we could do  something to make their services more efficient.   We, the Congress, asked that 13 pieces of information be collected.  It is the sort of stuff that you would imagine, very routine stuff,  like ``What was the date of the loan, the small business loan? How much  was the loan?'' that sort of thing.   Well, the CFPB has taken our work and totally perverted it. The CFPB  has promulgated a rule that totally perverts our intention in section  1071 of the Dodd-Frank Act.   First, we intended for only small businesses to be covered in  providing this information. Now, if you look at the definition of a  ``small business,'' most people use the definition that has been put  out by the National Federation of Independent Business. That is the  NFIB. It says that a small business is a business that has 10 or fewer  people and sales of about half a million dollars a year--not according  to the CFPB. They want to cast the net as far and as wide as they can.  Their definition of a ``small business'' will almost double that--more  than double that. They say a small business is a company with $5  million in revenue or less from the previous fiscal year, not $500,000  but $5 million. So this is going to throw the net of government much,  much wider than Congress ever intended.   But, secondly, the most egregious thing the CFPB has done is they  took our 13 pieces of information that we asked for, by Congress, and  they expanded it to 81. All of a sudden, they want a book.   Here are some examples of what the CFPB is going to require small  banks to ask of small business women and small business men when they  come to the bank and ask for a loan. The bank has to ask the small  business person how long it has been in business. That is fair. The  bank has to ask the small business woman or small business man about  its annual revenue. That is fair. But then it gets a little intrusive.  It gets a lot intrusive.   The bank has to ask the small business woman or small business man  what their race is. The bank has to ask the small business person about  their ethnic background. The small bank has to ask the small business  person if he is a male. The bank has to ask the small business person  if she is a female. It should be obvious to many, but those questions  have to be asked. The bank has to ask the small business person if that  person is a lesbian. The bank has to ask the small business person if  that person is gay. The bank has to ask that small business person if  that small business person is bisexual. The small bank has to ask its  customer, that small business person, if that small business person is  transgender. The bank, according to the CFPB, has to ask that small  business person who is applying for a loan, who just came in for a loan  for the business, if that person is queer. The small bank has to ask  that small business person if the small business person is intersex.   Not only does the bank have to ask those questions, those private  questions, of the person from the small business applying for the loan,  the person applying for the loan on behalf of the small business has to  bring in every one of its owners who owns 25 percent or more, and the  bank has got to start over with those people. Are you a male? Are you a  female? What is  [[Page S5062]]  your race? Tell me about your ethnic background. Are you a lesbian? Are  you gay? Are you bisexual? Are you transgender or are you queer or are  you intersex?   Give me a break.   Then all of this information that is collected, this private  information, has to be sent to the CFPB, and they are going to put it  on their website. Are you gay? Are you lesbian? What race are you? They  are going to put it on their website.   Now, the CFPB says: Well, it is going to be institutional-level data,  just top-line data fields. Bull. You will be able to take this data,  particularly if you are a small bank in a rural area, and be able to-- the snoops will be able to go on that public website and identify small  business people in their community--how much money they are borrowing,  how they answered the question about whether they were gay, how they  answered the question about whether they were intersex. This is  incredibly private information.   And why? Why would the CFPB need this information? Well, the truth  is, they don't, but I will tell you why. The CFPB is setting these  small business people--but also these small banks--up for lawsuits.  That is exactly what they are doing.   What happens if a small business person goes into the bank and the  small banker says: Listen, I hate to have to ask you this, but the CFPB  says I have to ask you. Are you gay?   As if that is anybody's business.   The small business person says: That is none of your business, and I  am not going to answer that question. I am here for a loan, not to talk  about my private life. What I do in the privacy of my bedroom with a  consenting adult is my opinion, Mr. Banker.    The small banker says: You are right. I am sorry. I had to ask. They  made me.   If the small business person won't answer the question, the small  banker can get in trouble with the CFPB.   What has the world come to?   And the CFPB doesn't care about the cost. Do you know what this is  going to cost to implement every year? Four hundred million dollars.  Why? And that doesn't even include the cost of actually setting up this  program. That will be hundreds of millions of dollars more.   It is not like the CFPB is exactly a wizard when it comes to data  security. I mean, yes, it is going to be on their public website, but  in terms of the granular information, the CFPB says: Oh, don't worry;  we will protect it.   Right. Like they protected it a few months ago? The personally  identifiable information of 256,000 consumers, which is being held by  the CFPB, was breached. And do you know what the CFPB did? They didn't  tell anybody for 2 months. They acted like a rock, only dumber. We are  not talking about wizards here, wizards of financial data privacy and  security.   You know, I hear it all the time, and the Presiding Officer probably  hears it back in his State, perhaps. But people tell me all the time:  Kennedy, what is wrong with Washington, DC? Why is common sense illegal  there?   This rule. This rule. What has the world come to?   So my Congressional Review Act request is to have the Senate tell the  CFPB that it is none of their business--none of their business--what a  private American does with another private adult American in the  privacy of their bedroom. We are free, so long as it doesn't break any  laws, to express our sexuality however we want to, and it is none of  the CFPB's business.   With that, I ask my Senate colleagues to overturn this rule.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we have an issue in Louisiana--I  wouldn't call it a problem--that I would like to talk about. Perhaps  some of our sister States can learn from our struggles in my State. And  the issue is education. I can't think of a more important subject. That  is the future of my State. I think it is true in many other States.   I believe that Louisiana's future can be better than its present or  its past, but the key to determining whether that is going to be the  case or not is education--and I am talking specifically about  elementary and secondary education--because that is what counts. In my  State, it is not the price of oil; it is not what the unemployment rate  is; it is not who the United States Senator is; it is not who the  Governor is; it is education, pre-K through 12.   It is frustrating, I know. You know, Americans can do extraordinary  things. We can unravel the human genome. We can take a diseased human  heart and replace it with a brandnew one and make that thing beat. We  can send a person to the Moon. But we in America struggle and we in  Louisiana struggle to teach our children how to read and write and do  basic math when we have 18 years to do it. I am not blaming anyone. We  all share the frustration. And it is not just Louisiana; it is all  across America. I understand that.   But decades ago in Louisiana, we made a decision. In fact, it was  during my first job in government. I was working as legal counsel to a  brandnew, reform Governor in Louisiana. He decided, and the people  of Louisiana agreed with him--we all agreed on two things: No. 1, every  child can learn. Now, it takes some a little bit longer. Kids mature at  different times. But every child can learn. The second thing we agreed  on was this: That which is measured gets done. That which is measured  gets done.    We decided to implement, 30 years ago, standards for our elementary  and secondary schools. One of those standards was and I think still  is--that is the subject of my remarks today; I hope it still is--a  graduation exam. We call it our Graduation Exit Examination 21, G-E-E.  So if I say ``G-E-E'' or ``GEE,'' I am talking about our graduation  exam.   We said we are going to get serious about kids. We can't have our  children graduate if they can't read their diploma, and so we are going  to test them. The test is not terribly rigorous. It is four subjects.  It is English, it is math, it is science, and it is social studies. We  grade those exams--and you don't have to pass all four. You have to  pass English and math and then either social studies or science. So,  really, three out of four.   There are five different grades: advanced, mastery, basic,  approaching basic, and unsatisfactory. Let me tell you what that really  means: A, B, C, D, and F.   You only have to make a D on your graduation examination. You only  have to make a D to pass--not an A, not a B, not a C, a D. So you take  four exams. You have to make a D on English, a D on math, and at least  a D on either social studies or science. If you don't pass, we will  give you another chance, but you have to pass to get a diploma.   Now our Board of Elementary and Secondary Education--we call it  BESE--which governs elementary and secondary education in Louisiana,  has decided to take us back to the Dark Ages. By a one-vote margin,  supported, quite frankly, by my Governor, who is lameduck--he will be  leaving soon--he makes three appointments to the Board of Elementary  and Secondary Education. Everybody in America is entitled to their  opinion, but I think my Governor and his team are wrong on this. They  are going to send us back to the Dark Ages.   Here is the new rule: You have to pass the Graduate Exit Examination  in the way I just described--unless you fail. Then you have to go to  your teacher, and he or she can give you an extra-points project. Come  on. Come on. Who are we kidding here?   Now, why do some want to do this? It is not the kids who want to do  this; it is the adults, because not only do we grade our kids, we grade  our schools, and if schools have kids who don't pass the GEE, the  Graduate Exit Examination, it counts against the grade of the school.  So this is all coming from the adults. They are putting themselves  first, and they are not putting the kids first.   This is a massive step backward. This is an announcement to the rest  of America that Louisiana has given up, that our kids are not smart  enough, they are not good enough, even when we give them second or  third chances, to be able to get a D on the Graduate Exit Examination,  and as a result, we have to give them a special extra-points project so  they can get a diploma that is not really a diploma.   The people behind this ought to hide their head in a bag. Our kids  are better than that. Every one of my kids in Louisiana can learn.  Sometimes they need a little bit longer. But it is not going to do them  any good to give them a diploma that they can't read. It is not going  to do them any good to give them a diploma that the rest of America  and, frankly, the world is going to look at and go: That is not really  a high school diploma because we know you failed the exam. You just got  an extra-points project so the adults wouldn't look bad.   I am embarrassed by this.   This isn't the only problem we have in elementary and secondary  education. I will give you one other statistic. Seventy percent of our  high schools are graded A or B. Forty percent of the schools below that  are graded A or B. Seventy percent of my high schools in Louisiana are  not A or B  [[Page S5071]]  schools, OK? I wish they were--not when 40 percent of the lower grades  are only A or B. Once again, the adults who don't want to be  embarrassed are inflating those grades, too, and now they have started  on the Graduate Exit Examination. But this is a bridge too far.   All is not lost. BESE, which, as I said, passed this rule change by  one vote--and by the way, our superintendent of education was against  it.   This rule change is going in front of the Louisiana Legislature for  an oversight hearing and the Senate Education Committee and the House  Education Committee. I hope that either the Senate or House and  hopefully both will say no--no--because this change represents what  George Bush, President Bush, called ``the soft bigotry of low  expectations''--``the soft bigotry of low expectations.'' It has no  place in this country, and it has no place in my State.   I am embarrassed that the people who are part of the education  establishment in Louisiana are telling the rest of the world: Our kids  are not good enough. They can't learn. So we are going to give them a  diploma that is not really a diploma.   Thank you for the time today, Madam President. I wanted my colleagues  to know what is going on in Louisiana. We are going to turn this rule  back, and we are going to put our kids first in Louisiana, not the  adults.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   