 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks prior to the scheduled vote.    Madam President, I rise in support of Colleen Shogan's  nomination to be the Archivist of the United States.   The Archivist of the United States leads the National Archives and  Records Administration, an important role that is responsible for  maintaining and for preserving Presidential and Federal records.   In addition to preserving documents that tell the story of our  Nation's history, the National Archives also provides access to  critical records for the public to use, including providing veterans  and servicemembers with military personnel records needed to access the  benefits they have earned through their service.   As an accomplished political scientist who has held nonpartisan  leadership roles throughout her career, Dr. Shogan is well qualified to  lead the National Archives. She would also be the first woman to hold  this job.   She is currently the Senior Vice President and Director of the David  M. Rubenstein Center for White House History and the White House  Historical Association and previously served as Deputy Director of the  Congressional Research Service at the Library of Congress and Vice  Chair of the Women's Suffrage Centennial Commission.   Throughout multiple Congresses and Presidential administrations of  both parties, Dr. Shogan has demonstrated a strong commitment to  serving the American people with nonpartisan integrity.   During the nomination process, Dr. Shogan showed a deep understanding  of the Archives' critical role and that she is prepared to lead the  Agency as it tackles challenges such as the veterans' records backlog  and the digitization of records all across the Federal Government.   Her nomination is supported by numerous individuals and groups  representing the National Archives stakeholders, including the American  Political Science Association; the Council of State Archivists; the  American Historical Association; and other national, nonpartisan, and  nonpolitical organizations who have enthusiastically endorsed Dr.  Shogan's nomination.   Madam President, I urge my colleagues to join me in confirming Dr.  Shogan to this important role today.   