 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment is really rather simple. It is  about transparency. It is about simply moving the reporting  requirements. My amendment reduces the threshold for the value of gifts  that must be reported from $50,000 to $1. It simply lowers the  threshold. Mr. Chairman, this is about transparency.   The underlying bill, which represents a solid and sorely needed first  step, advertises much-needed transparency. If we are going to stop  America's foreign adversaries from targeting our Nation's educational  institutions and students, we need transparency at every level.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, the Trump administration discovered $6.5  billion in previously unreported foreign money to universities from  adversarial countries.   In response to the terrorist attack against Israel, I think it is  important that we make it tougher. That we make it more clear who is  trying to unduly influence our universities and our students--the  future of America.   Qatar, an anti-Semitic country, earlier this week accused Israel of  committing genocide, has contributed $5 billion to U.S. universities.  There are billions of dollars going unreported. Saudi Arabia has  contributed $3 billion. This can't be allowed.   We have foreign adversaries, adversaries of Israel, adversaries of  the West, adversaries of America donating to universities, and we need  to know. That is all we are asking.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I think it is important to understand that we  are in a new day. October 7 changed the world.   Qatar, for example, has praised Hamas. They have literally praised  the systematic rape of women and the torture and rape of little girls.  Surely, my colleagues understand why reporting donations is so  paramount.   I can't stand by and pretend that this isn't going on. Qatar is  trying to buy forgiveness--$500 million to Hamas. How many rapes did  that pay for, Mr. Chairman? How much is enough to absolve their sins?   I am appalled that anyone would be opposed to this. We need  reporting. We need transparency. We are in a new day. The West is under  attack.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I could go on about Al Jazeera, which is  funded by Qatar, praising the torture. They were cutting off the  genitals of men. They were cutting off the breasts of women. They were  gang-raping women.   Foreign contributions need to be found out, discovered, and  disclosed. The only way to make sure that nothing is slipping through  the cracks is to lower the threshold.   There is no reason to oppose this amendment. If the universities are  doing nothing wrong, then they have nothing to hide.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of my amendment. It is  common sense, and it takes a stand against the atrocities that took  place in Israel, the pay-fors, and the forgiveness that Qatar is trying  to buy through our American universities.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   