 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Biden  administration's listing of the lesser prairie-chicken, and I rise in  support of the prairie people in rural America who provide the food,  fuel, and fiber for this great Nation.   Mr. Speaker, we wouldn't have the luxury of energy independence or  food security if it wasn't for the hardworking, God-fearing, freedom- loving people in rural America. This CRA would put some common sense  into this matter of conserving our natural resources.   By the way, no one conserves natural resources better than those who  make a living off of the natural resources, so our ag and energy  producers are our best stewards. As such, when they did their voluntary  public-private partnership program of conservation for the lesser  prairie-chicken, the lesser prairie-chicken increased 50 percent.   It is actually hard to even say this without laughing because we are  talking about the lesser prairie-chicken, which has expanded under  their voluntary efforts, and we are talking about a threat to American  energy independence.   This isn't about the lesser prairie-chicken. This is about political  chickens who pander to the left's extreme climate agenda. As a result,  we are compromising not only our economic strength and our national  security but America's leadership in the world. This is insane.   By the way, examples of this abound. It is not just the prairie- chicken. It is canceling pipelines, a moratorium on oil and gas leases  on public lands, the signing of the Paris climate agreement, giving  China and Russia a pass, delaying 4,800 drilling permits, depleting the  Strategic Petroleum Reserve, and other more covert actions by the SEC  and the ESG that run amok throughout every appendage of this Federal  Government because it is a whole-of-government assault on the oil and  gas industry, our fossil fuels, and our energy producers who have  blessed this great Nation of ours.   My God, I cannot believe that we are having this debate, Mr. Speaker,  but I appeal to the common sense of my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to do what is best for our country and not put the lesser  prairie-chicken over the prairie people who bless this great land.   