 Mr. President, I come to the floor today seeking  unanimous consent of my legislation to reauthorize the Firefighter  Cancer Registry, a law that was passed unanimously by Congress and  signed into law in 2018.   The Firefighter Cancer Registry improves our Nation's ability to  conduct research and gather data on the cancer risks that are  associated with firefighting, and in doing so, we learn how to mitigate  those risks. It is a vital program, one that furthers our understanding  of how to protect the brave first responders who run toward danger when  everyone else is running away from it.   Yet, on October 1 of last year, the program expired. That should have  never happened. In July, this Chamber passed this very legislation as  part of the National Defense Authorization Act, but, unfortunately, it  was stripped out of the House version.   My bipartisan, commonsense legislation would reauthorize the program  for an additional 5 years while bringing it in line with the current  appropriation level. And since this body has already once approved  reauthorizing it at this funding level, a unanimous consent vote should  be a simple task that we can all agree upon.   In the House, the House Energy and Commerce Committee has already  marked up language identical to this bill, including the specific $5.5  million figure which, I should add, is in line with the program's  current appropriation. Further, the $5.5 million appropriation was the  product of a negotiation between the firefighter organizations,  including the International Association of Fire Fighters, the CDC, and  the House committee members. Although the CDC actually wanted the  program funded at a higher level of $7.5 million, there was an  agreement on that $5.5 million, which is the present authorization.  [[Page S6043]]    Supported by Senators Murkowski, Brown, Klobuchar, Fischer, Rubio,  Tester, and Blumenthal, this legislation would benefit both career  firefighters as well as volunteers such as my constituent Edward Diaz.  Mr. Diaz is the son of Eduardo Diaz, a North Bergen firefighter who,  tragically, passed away in 2017 from pancreatic cancer.   Today, Edward carries on his family's legacy as a volunteer  firefighter in Hasbrouck Heights, NJ. I submit to my colleagues the  Diaz family, along with their fellow brothers and sisters in the  profession, are the reason we should support this bill today.  Firefighters put their lives and well-being on the line every single  day to keep our loved ones and our communities safe, and it is time we  care for them and make their health a priority. Firefighting is more  than a job. It is a calling. I believe we should honor that calling by  reauthorizing the Firefighter Cancer Registry.   I don't think we need to wait for a firefighter to die to honor them.  We can honor them by ultimately passing this legislation so we can  continue to mitigate the risk firefighters face by cancer substances  that ultimately can take their life.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be  discharged from further consideration of S. 2119; that the Senate  proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I appreciate that Senator Cotton is  supportive. But let me just say, I wish Senator Paul and Senator Lee  were here to have firefighters across this Nation understand why  something that is bipartisan--something that passed the Senate through  the NDAA, something that is presently exactly being mirrored by  Republicans in the House of Representatives--cannot ultimately pass  this Chamber.   I guess it is ``bah humbug'' to firefighters this season. But we  won't stop until we get it passed.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   