 Last week's inflation report reinforced what working  families across America already know: Washington Democrats' inflation  is still packing a punch. Prices climbed 4.9 percent from this time  last year. Just in the last month, they accelerated nearly half a  percentage point. The Biden administration called the news ``welcome  breathing room for families.''   Welcome breathing room for families? According to the latest data,  families have paid thousands of dollars more just to put food on the  table on his watch. In Colorado, your average family has paid over  $2,000 in additional food costs since 2021. In Arizona, those same  groceries have cost households $1,800; in Montana, over $1,700; in my  home State of Kentucky, families have paid $1,600 more, on average,  since President Biden took office. It doesn't sound like breathing room  to me, especially at a time when workers' wages are failing to keep  pace with out-of-control prices.   Meanwhile, confidence with President Biden to do the right thing with  the economy is at its lowest point since the great recession. That is  hardly surprising when his top economic advisers refuse to even admit  there is a problem. The President's latest pick to lead his Council of  Economic Advisers has repeatedly said this administration didn't miss a  thing on inflation.   So, while the Biden administration pats itself on the back for a job  well done, let's remember where we were just 2 years ago. Since the  President took office, prices have climbed a staggering--listen to  this--16 percent--16 percent since the President took office. Gasoline  is up 54 percent, electricity is up 22 percent, groceries are up 20  percent, and higher interest rates are making it harder for working  families to borrow and save for the future. Washington Democrats'  reckless spending and green energy fantasies are sending our economy  deep into the red.   For 2 straight years, Americans have had to tighten their belt just  to get by. It is time for this administration to wake up and do more of  the same.   