 Mr. President, over the next 2 weeks, more than 7.5 million  Americans will fly to see loved ones and to celebrate the holidays--a  record number.   This is no easy feat. A seamless travel experience depends on  airlines, on air traffic controllers, on airport managers, on TSA  screeners all working together for the aviation system to run  efficiently during times of extreme strain like the holiday season.   At the center of this effort is the Federal Aviation Administration,  but there is one problem: The FAA's authorities are set to expire at  the end of the year.   Without the FAA extension, air travel and air cargo for those  counting on quick shipping during Christmas and New Year's will be  severely impacted. At the moment, we face a potential challenge of not  extending the FAA's authorities because of the objections of a Senate  Democrat.   This is irresponsible and, frankly, bad for the safety Agency's  ability to operate effectively. For the past year, Senator Cantwell,  the chairman of the Commerce Committee, and myself have worked to pass  a long-term FAA authorization. The authorization we drafted on a  bipartisan basis addresses airport infrastructure, workforce  challenges, ATC staffing, protections for passengers, the safety  framework, manufacturing. I could go on.   It is an important bill that makes progress toward solving some of  the challenges facing aviation, but we need to make sure we get it  right. We now find ourselves having to pass a second short-term FAA  authorization in less than 6 months, without even having gotten the  bill through committee.   This situation was entirely avoidable, but special interests, in  particular the pilots' unions like ALPA, have decided that if they  can't get their way, then the American people should pay the price.   There have been several times throughout this process where we  thought we had a deal, but, inevitably, some of my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle, often spurred on by the union, have tanked  these agreements.   Each month, it seems, there is a new issue we are told cannot be in  the FAA bill because the unelected special interests are opposed to it.  First, it was a modest reform to update pilot training. Then it was  raising the retirement age for pilots. Imagine telling a perfectly  healthy 66-year-old pilot who wants to fly, no, you can't fly anymore  because your union has decided that younger pilots--with a lifetime of  union dues still to pay--are more important than you are.   What next will unelected, unaccountable, special interests tell  Senate Democrats that we are not allowed to have in the FAA bill?   Let me be clear. Short-term extensions are not good for the FAA. This  extension until March should be the last extension. I am not satisfied  with kicking the can down the road. I don't presume to speak on behalf  of my partner in this effort, Senator Cantwell, but I am certain that  she doesn't want to continue kicking the can down the road either.   I would prefer that we pass a serious, multiyear authorization, such  as the bill Senator Cantwell and I agreed to in June, but,  unfortunately, in the months since that stalled markup, we have not  made substantial progress, and we still have numerous outstanding  provisions.   I am very concerned that given the time we have, the limited progress  we have made, and the constant moving goalposts in bill negotiations,  that we are getting to the point that we will be forced to extend the  FAA's authority until 2025.   I don't want to do that. I don't think Chair Cantwell wants to do  that either. We need to get this bill done, and I am still committed to  trying to do so if it is a bill that is actually bipartisan and not a  special interest wish list that ignores very real problems like the  pilot shortage.   In a moment, I will ask unanimous consent for the Senate to pass the  FAA extension, which will last until March 8. The House earlier this  week voted 376 to 15 to pass this legislation. The Senate cannot leave  for the holidays without passing an extension.   Without an extension, here is what would happen: No. 1, all airport  construction projects using FAA grants would immediately stop. No. 2,  the FAA would lose the ability to make new expenditures from the  aviation trust fund, causing many employees in airports, facilities and  equipment, and R&D offices to be immediately furloughed. No. 3, special  authorizations for drone operations would expire. No. 4, airlines would  have no authority to collect ticket taxes that fund the aviation trust  fund.   In 2011, the last time the FAA's authorization lapsed, more than  4,000 FAA employees were furloughed, and the FAA lost more than $400  million. The 2-week lapse halted billions of dollars' worth of  construction projects and impacted more than 70,000 construction jobs.   Leaving town without giving the FAA the certainty to operate would be  a mistake. I remain committed to working with Senator Cantwell to  negotiate a truly bipartisan FAA bill that the Agency, the industry,  and the flying public deserve.   And with that, I yield the floor to the Senator from Kansas.    Mr. President, at this point, I yield to the Senator from  North Carolina.    Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R.  6503, which was received from the House; further, that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, early in his remarks, the Senator from  Colorado said the last time he and I were on this floor debating was  when I had shut down the government and he was stepping forward to save  those who had been shut down. Now, that would be entirely accurate if  my name were Chuck Schumer; but since it is not, what the Senator from  Colorado said is blatantly, objectively false.   The last time he and I were doing this, the date was January 24,  2019. We were in the midst of the Schumer shutdown. Chuck Schumer and  the Democrats had forced a shutdown. The Government was shut down, and  there was a particularly unfair aspect of that shutdown, which is that  Congress had voted to fund the military--the Army, the Navy, the  Marines, and the Air Force--but the Coast Guards had been left out  because the Coast Guards are not in DOD, they had been left out. On  January 24, 2019, Senator Sullivan and I came down to this floor to  seek equity for the Coast Guard, to simply say: Pay our Coast Guardsmen  the same as our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines--and the Senator  from Colorado stood up and objected. So understand, what he just said  is exactly opposite of what happened.   Our Coast Guardsmen went weeks in 2019 without being paid during that  shutdown because the Senator from Colorado objected to their getting a  paycheck. And during his remarks on that day, he jumped up and down and  screamed at me and insulted me to great fanfare. And I think he was  proud of his performance, because he then put it in his launch email  for his Presidential campaign that ``I screamed at Cruz.''   Now, I suppose I should feel mildly offended that that was not a  persuasive argument in the Democratic primary and he got maybe a  percent.   That was the last contest: shutting down the Coast Guard where the  Senator from Colorado was responsible for tens of thousands of Coast  Guardsmen not getting their paychecks.   Understand where we are today. Today, the question is, does the FAA  stay open or not? And once again, the Senator from Colorado is the  shutdown Senator. The FAA extension would pass had he not said those  two words ``I object.''   Now, we heard from the Senator from Colorado a long discourse on  Ukraine. You know, remarkably missing from that discourse was  acknowledgment that responsibility for the war in Ukraine falls very  directly on the Biden White House, on Senate Democrats, and on the  Senator from Colorado in particular who played a direct role in causing  the war in Ukraine.   Now, how is that?   Putin did not wake up yesterday wanting to invade Ukraine. He has  wanted to invade Ukraine for years. He did so in the year 2014. He  invaded Crimea in the southern portion of Ukraine. But he stopped. He  did not go into the full country.   Why? Because Russia's major source of revenue is selling oil and gas,  and the natural gas pipelines run right through the middle of Ukraine.  He could not risk damaging or destroying those pipelines.   So in 2015, Vladimir Putin began what is known as Nord Stream II, an  undersea pipeline from Russia to Germany, the entire purpose of which  was to circumvent Ukraine so once it was built and operational, he  could invade Ukraine.    In 2019, I authored sanctions legislation to shut down the Nord  Stream II pipeline. That sanctions legislation got overwhelming  bipartisan support, including from the Senator from Colorado. It  passed, and Putin shut down building the Nord Stream II pipeline  literally the day President Trump signed my sanctions legislation into  law.   In December of 2020, I again authored bipartisan legislation putting  more sanctions on Nord Stream II. Once again, the Senator from Colorado  and every Democrat supported it. It passed and was signed into law.   Joe Biden became President January 20, 2021. Four days later, on  January 24, Putin resumed deep sea construction of the Nord Stream II  pipeline. Four days later. Why? Because Biden had telegraphed weakness.  He had told Putin: I am going to go soft on the Nord Stream II  pipeline.   And what he telegraphed was accurate, because several months later,  Biden formally waived sanctions on Nord Stream II. He gave a  multibillion dollar gift to Putin and allowed him to complete the  pipeline.   Now, in January of 2022, I forced another vote on the Senate floor--a  vote to reimpose sanctions on the Nord Stream II pipeline. The Senator  from Colorado just invoked President Zelenskyy. Oddly enough, he didn't  seem to care what President Zelenskyy thought in January of 2022,  because President Zelenskyy in January of 2022 begged the U.S. Senate:  Please pass Cruz's sanctions legislation. It is the last best hope to  stop Russia from invading Ukraine. The Government of Poland put out a  formal statement saying: Please pass Cruz's sanctions. If you do not,  Putin will invade Ukraine.   On the day of the vote, Joe Biden came to Capitol Hill. He came to  meet with the Senate Democrats. It was the first time in his presidency  he had done that. And he asked them as a personal favor: Will you stand  with the Biden White House? Will you stand with Russia? Will you stand  with Putin--will you vote to give billions of dollars to Putin? And, I  am sorry to say, 44 Democrats flipped their votes.   On the day of the vote I stood here on the floor and said: If you  vote no, we will see Russian tanks in the streets of Kyiv. But 44  Democrats flipped their votes and decided partisan loyalty to the White  House mattered more than Ukraine, mattered more than stopping Russia,  and just 4 weeks later, the Russian tanks rolled in. And the Senator  from Colorado was one of those 44 votes who voted for Russia and Putin  on the eve of the war. And if you don't believe me, go look at what  Zelenskyy said in January of 2022: If you vote no, Russia will invade.   Now, I don't doubt that the Senator from Colorado today has genuine  and good faith concern for the people of Ukraine. That is admirable.  But understand what he is doing here. He is not doing anything related  to Ukraine. He is holding the American flying public hostage. He is  saying--because he is mad about what is happening on Ukraine funding-- he wants to shut the FAA down. He wants to shut jobs down in the Denver  airport.   And I would just urge the Senator from Colorado to listen to a very,  very wise Senator from this body. And I will read a quote:   Politics. Holding up FAA extension. Costing Colorado jobs. Hashtag  ``FAA shutdown.''   Now the author of that tweet, that would be Senator Michael Bennet.  He sent that on August 4, 2011--the last time we had an FAA shutdown.  And I would say that Senator Bennet, I suspect, might not recognize the  Senator today, but I would urge listening to the 2011 Senator who  understood shutting the FAA down is bad for Colorado; it is bad for the  country. And so I would urge the Senator from Colorado, if you are  unhappy about Ukraine funding, don't hold the flying public hostage.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I  appreciate everything that my friend from Wyoming, my friend from  Idaho, and my friend from West Virginia said, and I agree with what  they said. I agree with the policy goals of this bill, and I am  strongly committed to curtailing Russia's ability to use nuclear energy  as a geopolitical tool.   Indeed, I have repeatedly introduced sanctions targeting Rosatom  activities, and I am currently working on legislation that would go  even further. We should absolutely end our dependence on Russian  uranium, and the United States should not be dependent on any nation  for our energy--nuclear or otherwise.   I know that my friend from Wyoming shares my conviction on American  energy independence, and as the ranking member of the Energy and  Natural Resources Committee, he understands better than most anyone how  the zealots in this administration have shackled our domestic energy  producers.   And let me just say, I understand and appreciate how important this  bill is to you, and I commit to work with you on this bill to get it  passed into law.   But this bill is also important to the House. That was made clear by  just how quickly they took it up and passed it on suspension with only  a voice vote last week--even as, at the same time, the House stripped  out and disregarded a number of the priorities of this Chamber which  had been included in the Senate NDAA. One provision, which I worked  very hard on with Senator Kelly, was to streamline permitting  requirements for new semiconductor plants, and which 120 Senators and  House Members--a little over a sixth of the entire Congress--had signed  a letter supporting. That was one of the casualties of their casual  disregard.   The House even stripped out of the bill my bill with Senator  Cantwell--the Senate version of the Informing Consumers About Smart  Devices Act--despite the House having already passed their version of  the bill earlier this year by a vote of 406 to 12.   Neither of these were partisan measures, and they are not wild policy  changes. Instead, they are broadly bipartisan, widely supported  priorities of Members of the Senate, and they have enormous impact.  Unfortunately, our House colleagues--in particular, the leadership of  the Energy and Commerce Committee--decided that they did not matter,  and they insisted they be stripped from the bill.   Now we have come up with an important priority that they care about-- and, to be clear, a policy with which I agree--asking for the blessing  of the Senate.   The consequences of their stripping that legislation from the NDAA is  they hurt thousands of jobs across this country. They have benefited  communist China at our expense, and they have hurt our national  security by making us more vulnerable to China, and they undermined the  privacy of Americans across this country.   I hope and believe the House and Senate should work together  cooperatively. I am eager to do so. I have extended an olive branch to  the House for us to work cooperatively, but it is a two-way street.  Until the House begins to take seriously the priorities of the Senate  with overwhelming bipartisan support and until they change course on  the Senate priorities they disregarded arbitrarily, this bill and  potentially others from the chairman of this House committee will not  be moving in the Senate by unanimous consent.    I object.   