 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and fellow Long  Islander, Mr. D'Esposito, for yielding me time to speak for my fellow  New York colleagues who are joining us this afternoon.   New Yorkers from Queens and Nassau Counties deserve better than  George Santos--a total fraud and serial liar--representing them in  Congress. Each day that Mr. Santos is allowed to remain a Member of  Congress, my New York neighbors to the west are being denied real  representation in these Halls. That is because their Representative is  incapable of getting a bill passed, a project funded, or even sitting  on a committee because he lacks the minimum amount of trust necessary  of a Member of Congress.   Today, the best way to support my fellow New Yorkers and overcome  George Santos' fraud is to expel George Santos from the House of  Representatives.   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Santos has said expelling him before he is formally  charged and found guilty would create new precedent in this body, one  that could have negative consequences for generations.   Respectfully, Mr. Speaker, I disagree. The consequences and  precedents for not expelling him for his lies and fraud have the  potential to do far more damage to this institution.   I would submit today that we have an opportunity to set a new  standard, a new precedent, that if a candidate for Congress makes his  entire life up in order to defraud voters and donors and subsequently  those voters reasonably rely on that candidate's lies to elect him or  her, that we, the House of Representatives, will exercise the authority  given to us in the Constitution to expel that Member.   George Santos' lies are more widespread than even the most  untrustworthy politicians, and these lies were necessary to get him  elected.   George Santos didn't just lie about his family's business dealings,  like President Biden did, Santos lied about everything about his  professional background, from his family's wealth to working for  Goldman Sachs and Citigroup.   Santos committed this fraud, this election fraud, to create an  entirely new persona that voters and donors could support. Santos'  treasurer, his conspirator, recently pled guilty to their criminal  conspiracy, which included faking a six-figure loan to the campaign  to induce more contributions.    George Santos didn't just lie about attending a school on full  scholarship or finishing in the top half of his class, like President  Biden did, rather, Santos went much further.   To defraud voters and to swindle donors out of millions, George  Santos lied about his entire education; not that he graduated in a  certain part of his class, not that he received a specific award. Those  lies are reserved for other slimy politicians and are worthy of  different kinds of rebuke, less than expulsion.   George Santos lied about attending and graduating from Baruch  College, meanwhile, he never attended Baruch. He never took one class.  The fabulist even made up an entire fictional story about how he was a  star on the school's volleyball team.   George Santos thinks that we are fools, Mr. Speaker. George Santos  didn't just lie about being at Ground Zero on the day after September  11, like President Biden did, George Santos went much further, saying  that his mother was in the south tower on  9/11 and escaped only to later die from a 9/11-related illness.   Santos lied about his association with 9/11 to win over Long Island  families, families of cops and firefighters and other innocent people  who died on 9/11, and whose hearts were ripped out that fateful day.   He did it as part of a broader scheme to defraud voters and donors to  get him elected to Congress.   To further defraud voters and swindle donors out of millions, George  Santos even lied about being Jewish. Like his lies about his  association with 9/11, Santos lied about being Jewish as part of a  calculated attempt to win over voters in the district that Santos is  attempting to trick who has a strong Jewish population.   George Santos says the decision of whether he should remain in  Congress should be left up to the people of New York's Third District.   I would argue that these New Yorkers were robbed of this opportunity  when they were duped into voting for a fictitious candidate to  represent them in Congress.   George Santos has stated himself that he lied about several parts of  his life, including his education, and his mother dying as a result of  9/11. Today, 78 percent of his constituents support his expulsion from  Congress.   George Santos also falsely claims that his expulsion is barred by the  Constitution's 5th and 14th Amendment's due process clauses. Yet, the  due process clauses do not apply to House proceedings such as  expulsions. Moreover, the Constitution more broadly affords the accused  the knowledge of the accusation against him, the opportunity to be  heard, the ability to confront his or her accuser, and to be afforded a  speedy trial.   Mr. Speaker, as of today, each of those conditions has been met.  Nothing in the Constitution gives George Santos the right to endlessly  stall and to abuse his office to seek a more preferable conviction or a  plea deal.   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Santos' behavior has shown a consistent disregard  for the principles of bipartisanship, servant leadership, good  governance, and civil discourse. He has shown no interest in being a  serious Member of this Chamber or to do the people's work.   A Member of Congress should be committed to the betterment of the  Nation and willing to compromise for the greater good. His actions and  statements have demonstrated a concerning lack of this commitment.   Mr. Speaker, let's get the people of New York's Third District some  decent representation. Let's raise the bar here in the House of  Representatives. Let's hold one of our own accountable. Let's expel  George Santos.   