 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we remember, at 9:02 a.m. on April 19,  1995, 168 people were tragically murdered in the worst act of homegrown  domestic violence and terrorism in our Nation's history. That was in  Oklahoma City.   The bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City  destroyed nine floors, where they collapsed in on each other. The  physical impact to the building and of the bombing itself was felt 55  miles away, and the force of the blast damaged 324 surrounding  buildings.   The emotional impact was felt around the world as, literally, the  world stopped and stared at their televisions 28 years ago today, and  the Nation felt the pain of those who were killed and of the survivors  and of the family members who remained.   The victims included 19 children, many who attended the daycare in  the building called America's Kids. A total of 219 children lost a  parent that day, and 30 children were orphaned that day. It is  estimated that 360,000 Oklahomans knew someone personally who worked in  the Murrah Building.   The 16-day rescue-and-recovery effort took a toll on our first  responders and our family members who held onto hope that their loved  one was still alive. The events of April 19, 1995, changed my State and  changed our country forever. There are incredible stories about  survivors of the bombings who helped their coworkers escape the rubble  and exit the building to safety.   In the midst of immense grief, we introduced what we now know as the  Oklahoma Standard: the way Oklahomans immediately stepped forward to  offer help, showed compassion to their neighbors in pain, donated  blood, donated even their shoes that day to rescue workers and other  individuals who needed help. Out of the terrible tragedy was  demonstrated tremendous love.   By 3:30 p.m. on April 19, 1995, a family assistance center called the  Compassion Center was set up at the First Christian Church in downtown  Oklahoma City. The center was supported by the American Red Cross,  hundreds of local clergy, chaplains, and mental health professionals.   Donations for victims and rescue workers poured in from fellow  Oklahomans and Americans. Fourteen million dollars was donated to the  Oklahoma City Disaster Relief Fund, and the Oklahoma Legislature  created the Murrah Fund that pooled public and private dollars to  assist victims with lost wages, grief counseling, funerals, and burial  costs.   There is a lot to be said about the aftermath of the Alfred P. Murrah  bombing. One notable piece that is often overlooked is the remarkable  work of law enforcement that day.   See, law enforcement was called in from all over to able to assist,  but one State trooper who was responding to it was actually turned  around and was told to ``stay in your area. We do need to keep coverage  across the State.'' So this State trooper, Charlie Hanger, stayed in  his area way north of Oklahoma City on I-35.   On that day, in his normal duties that he was doing, he saw a yellow  Mercury that had no license tag on it, and he pulled them over. He was  just doing his job. The person he pulled over was the person who had  actually committed the murders. Just a great cop doing his job.   The FBI came in from all over the country to come help. U.S.  attorneys came to be able to help. Employees helped the FBI put  together a drawing of the person. When they found out the truck that  was actually used for the bombing was rented, they helped develop this,  as the FBI worked, and they figured out that the person Charlie Hanger  had pulled over was actually the person they were looking for at the  same time and were able to speedily make an arrest.   My city and my State are very grateful to the FBI for the work they  did that day, local law enforcement, U.S. attorneys, first responders,  everyday Oklahomans who literally ran toward that moment, some staying  literally for weeks and months going through the debris. You can't  imagine the pain and the difficulty of digging through rubble and  identifying people. What those first responders did and what those  individuals who stayed on the pile did will never be forgotten by our  State.   One resounding message from the survivors of the Oklahoma City  bombing is that life can be forever altered in a single moment.  Oklahomans who lost their lives that day simply woke up,  [[Page S1222]]  went to work, dropped off their child at America's Kids daycare,  thinking they would all come home that night.   There is a lot we can learn from those events. It reminds us that  time with our family and loved ones is precious and should never be  taken for granted. But we should also remember that the Oklahoma City  bombing was driven by anti-American hatred. Single individuals with  misguided government beliefs and hatred for people in government  literally drove a truck bomb in front of a building full of people  serving their Nation that day in a Federal building and chose to kill  them just because of their hatred for government.   We can never allow our Nation to rise up with that kind of anger and  hatred against fellow Americans. We are a nation that has  disagreements, and we solve those by talking to each other as fellow  Americans.   The Oklahoma City bombing memorial museum, which sits next to the  memorial itself, continues to tell the story every single day, as they  are today, of what it means to be able to have one person talking to  another person to solve our problems and to work out our differences.   On the 28th anniversary of the Oklahoma City bombing, we still feel  the sharp pain and loss in Oklahoma. While some in the Nation look back  on it and think that was a long time ago, we remember.   We thank the first responders and the law enforcement officers for  their invaluable service. We remember the lives of the victims lost,  and we continue to pray for their families and for the survivors who  are still gathering together just to check on each other as families.  Most importantly, we will continue to tell the story of what happens  when rage and hatred for fellow Americans spill over into the  destruction of life. We remember.   And I would ask this body to do what we are doing in Oklahoma City  today. We are pausing for 168 seconds to remember the 168 victims whom  we lost that day. So would this body pause with me for 168 seconds?   (Moment of silence.)   Today, we honor those who were killed, those who survived, and those  who were changed forever.   I yield the floor.   