 Mr. President, reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, this bill would undermine the ability of  States, cities, and towns across this country to make decisions about  what is best for their communities.   It would silence and hamstring public health experts who have guided  our Nation out of the darkest days of a pandemic that has killed  1,139,000 people in our country in 3 years. Let me repeat that.   This disease has killed 1,139,000 people already, and doctors and  experts are saying that COVID is coming back. It is on the rise, once  again. This provision would violate a long-held belief in the  Republican Party that States and localities should not be told what to  do by a Federal Government removed from the realities that they are  seeing on the ground in their neighborhoods.   This bill is little more than an attempt by Republicans to dismantle  a public health infrastructure that had to be built in order to deal  with this greatest of pandemics since 1918. What public health experts  and the medical professionals are talking about is an upcoming COVID  and flu and RSV season and preparing for it.   These healthcare heroes are the same ones who risked their lives to  save lives, and we should continue to protect that right to make  decisions on the health of their patients, of their communities, and  that is what locally focused healthcare is all about.   Here is what we do know. Last year, the combined forces of this  ``tripledemic'' of flu, RSV, and COVID strained healthcare centers to a  breaking point. Healthcare providers tried to keep up as emergency  departments overflowed with sick children, adults, and seniors. And  people are still getting sick.   This year, healthcare providers, health centers, public health  departments, transportation workers, and school districts are, once  again, preparing to protect students and seniors and disabled and  immunocompromised people all across our country. Millions of Americans  will be doing what we can to protect ourselves and our loved ones, and  our communities must be able to take steps to save lives and keep  people from getting sick or getting sicker, including the tools of  vaccines and masks.   But the only thing that the Republicans seem willing to mask is their  antipathy for making healthcare affordable and acceptable for millions  of Americans. Republicans already fought this year to throw people off  of Medicare and their health coverage. Not a single Republican voted to  make insulin and other medications more affordable for seniors.   Republicans have blocked legislation to protect the right of  individuals to make healthcare decisions with their doctors. It makes  no sense to put limits on how communities and individuals can protect  themselves. This bill is a red herring. It is a false debate. We should  have an aquarium down in the well of the Senate to capture all of the  red herrings that are being introduced into this public health debate.  It is a distraction; it is misleading; and it is meant to deflect from  what the GOP really stands for right now, ``Gimmicks Over People.''   Republicans have to understand that we have to provide the options  for our healthcare heroes to save lives. They will make us less safe  because they will be tying the hands of healthcare professionals in  order to implement policies that protect against an addition to the  1.139 million people who have already died.   You argue that this bill is about freedom, but it is not. Freedom is  parents and students knowing their school can take every step possible  to keep them from getting sick or taking home an illness that could  hurt their siblings, their parents, or their grandparents.   Freedom is workers who know their workplace on a plane, train, or  even in a classroom is safe. Freedom is knowing that when people  travel, either on their way to work by way of public transportation or  across the country to visit family for the holidays, they will know  that every safety measure is available to keep them and their families  safe.   We must protect the freedom for communities to have every public  health tool available, if it is needed in the opinion of the public  health officials in that community, in that State. They should be the  ones making the decision, at the local level, looking at the dangers to  their population.   Again, these numbers are historic: 1,139,000 people have already  died, and there is more coming. And if in the opinion of public health  officials, strategies can be adopted using masks that reduce the  likelihood that more will die, we should give them that freedom to make  those decisions.   With that, I object.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of Anna Gomez,  President Joe Biden's nominee to serve on the Federal Communications  Commission.   The FCC is one of the premier, expert Agencies in the Federal  Government, responsible for overseeing the wires and the radio waves  that have become the backbone of our economy and our communities.   But since the beginning of the Biden administration nearly 1,000 days  ago, the Agency has been hamstrung in implementing critical  communications priorities due to the absence of a fifth Commissioner.  With Ms. Gomez as a Commissioner, that will finally change. The Federal  Communications Commission will have the power to take on the big-dollar  interests that seek to block critical consumer protections at every  turn.   I support Ms. Gomez's nomination because I know she is ready for  these fights. She knows that today broadband is not a luxury. Like  running water or heat, broadband is an essential utility. Without high- quality and affordable broadband, students cannot learn, small  businesses cannot reach new customers, entrepreneurs cannot innovate,  and seniors cannot access telemedicine. The FCC's authority must  reflect the essential nature of the internet in American life, and that  is exactly what Ms. Gomez will provide.   With three Democratic Commissioners, the FCC can act swiftly to  restore net neutrality and protect a free and open internet. My  Republican colleagues will say that Congress should act on net  neutrality instead of the Federal Communications Commission, but their  Big Cable and Big Tech industry allies will be in their ear with  crocodile-tear arguments about an out-of-control Agency usurping the  will of Congress.   Well, if Republicans really want to take on this problem through  legislation and not administrative action, then they should be prepared  to join me when I reintroduce my net neutrality legislation in the  coming weeks. They can be on record supporting internet freedom or  siding with the broadband behemoths.   It has been nearly 6 years since the Trump FCC repealed net  neutrality. We cannot wait any longer for Republicans to come to their  senses. We must confirm Ms. Gomez so that the FCC can act without  delay.   We must also confirm Ms. Gomez because the FCC must address other  critical communications issues, including technology accessibility for  people with disabilities, protecting local community media, and closing  the homework gap.   I am particularly concerned about the future of the $7 billion  Emergency Connectivity Fund, which I passed during the pandemic. Over  the past 2 years, thanks to the Commission's hard work, the Emergency  Connectivity Fund has provided laptops, tablets, and internet services  to more than 17 million students and teachers. Those resources are  particularly critical for Black and Brown and immigrant and low-income  populations who often lack access to the internet at home.   Unfortunately, this program will soon be out of money, potentially  disconnecting millions of students and driving a deeper wedge into the  digital divide. We cannot let that happen.   I stand ready to work with my colleagues to extend this essential  funding, and I know that Ms. Gomez, like Chairwoman Jessica  Rosenworcel, will be a fierce advocate for students at the Commission  so that we can keep closing the homework gap and provide every child  with access to the 21st-century tools they will need.   We stand at a critical moment to ensure a just broadband future for  everyone. We need Anna Gomez on the Federal Communications Commission.  She has the knowledge, the values, and the judgment the Commission  needs.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting her nomination.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   