 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment has a very  simple objective. All it is designed to do is provide certainty.   They have discharge permits that are granted often to ports, to  vessels large and small and different operators that are required to  discharge, making sure that what they are discharging is properly  evaluated to ensure that it doesn't cause adverse impact to the  environment.   These permits are normally granted for a 5-year period of time, but  what we found is that upon expiration of the permits, we have seen gaps  of months and months and months, creating uncertainty for those  operators.   What this amendment does is it very simply says that if a permit  expires, you just get a continuance, you get a continuance of the  existing permit conditions until the agency works to recertify or to  re-up the permit.   The second thing that it does is it says that if you have a  continuing operation, and if there are some changes that the agency  wants in regard to the operations of the permit, then that is fine, but  you have to begin that process 2 years ahead of time, giving the  operators ample time to adjust or adapt to the new conditions.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, thankfully, the amendment  described by the ranking member is not the amendment that we are  offering today.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr.  Carl), a  [[Page H1671]]  member of the Natural Resources Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume. Let me again clarify. The ranking member's comments, while  clearly concerning, do not apply to this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, let me read from the amendment. ``The Administrator is  authorized,'' it doesn't say, ``they shall.'' It says, ``is  authorized.'' The second section says, ``The Administrator may  require.''   These are discretionary terms. There is nothing in here that is  mandatory. It creates the ability of the Administrator to offer a  general permit.   Most importantly, let's keep in mind, this doesn't waive any  environmental laws or anything along those lines. What this does is, it  simply says that if a permit has been issued and the agency is not fast  enough in re-upping the permit, then what happens is that you continue  operating under the previously approved permit.   Now, if the agency wants to reject a permit, if they want to take an  action, all of that discretion is still retained by the Administrator.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Scalise), the distinguished majority leader and the sponsor of this  legislation.    I yield back the balance of my time.   