 Mr. Chair, I appreciate the work that the chairman and  the committee have done on this very important piece of legislation.   Mr. Chair, I rise today to talk about why we need H.R. 1, the Lower  Energy Costs Act. I can't think of anybody in this country, especially  working folks, especially the people in the Second Congressional  District, who I represent, that say to me: Tim, I need to pay more for  my energy. They don't. They say: My energy costs are out of sight. We  have to feed our kids. We have to buy books for school. We have to buy  clothing for our kids. We can't afford these higher energy costs.   The Biden administration, unfortunately, and the Democrats in  Congress keep pushing these Green New Deal-style agendas. Honestly, Mr.  Chair, they just don't work. There hasn't been a new development in  solar in over 20 years, and windmills are just what they are. The wind  doesn't always blow and the sun doesn't always shine in east Tennessee,  and I am sure that is the way it is across this great Nation. It is  costing Americans way too much.   We are done with all this nonsense, Mr. Chair. H.R. 1 is going to end  restrictions on importing and exporting natural gas. What could be  wrong with that?   Why in the world are we doing business with our enemies, the people  we continue to send money to? We have hundreds of years, by recent  estimates, of gas in the ground that we could be getting out using safe  and environmentally sound methods.   The burning apparatus now is so much safer than when this was first  started, it is ridiculous. We need to fix this permitting process. We  keep saying--and I have heard the White House say many times through  their spokesperson--that we are permitting all these wells. Well, they  don't permit the pipeline to get there. It is like we have a gallon of  fuel in the ground and we are trying to pull it out with something  about as big around as a needle point.   We have to process our energy projects so they can get off the ground  in a reasonable amount of time. By the time we get to the end of it,  the cost is so high that it is very cost-prohibitive. We have to make  the Biden administration resume the lease on most of our Federal lands  and waters that they have restricted.   We have to roll back President Biden's $27 billion slush fund for  these Democrat special interest groups and these projects that amount  to nothing but woke policy changes.   We have to stop the liberal States from abusing section 401 of the  Clean Water Act, which they use to add a bunch of unnecessary red tape  to every project they don't like. It seems like when we find a good  resource, they put these barriers in place. It is just not right.   Mr. Chair, we need to focus on keeping Americans' homes heated and  their lights on. Nothing should be more important, especially since we  are forced to purchase it from our enemies overseas--the people that  hate our guts. They love our dollars. We pay them and the next thing  you know, they are burning our flag. They are saying things about us  that aren't true. They are causing us all kinds of problems.   The best energy solution, Mr. Chair, above all, is the solution that  we need oil, gas, and nuclear energy--like they are working on at Oak  Ridge National Laboratory. It is not in the district that I represent,  but it backs up to where I am. There are over 6,000 people who work  there that live in my district. It is also home to Big Ed's Pizza,  which is a wonderful place--I will just throw that in.   Mr. Chair, H.R. 1 is going to spur energy innovation at home, and I  am proud to support it. I appreciate the great work that has been done  on this issue.   