 Mr. Speaker, I am a little confused by my colleague's  comments when he said that Members on this side of the aisle were  ``deathly afraid.'' No one is deathly afraid. What we are, though, is  we are in support of my good friend from New York, Mr. Molinaro's  Schools Not Shelters Act, to safeguard American children and prevent  American schools from being forced to bear the burden of the Biden  administration's ongoing migrant crisis.   I am proud to cosponsor this important bill that will prohibit  schools that receive Federal funding from being used as shelters for  migrants, which is a misguided policy being advanced by Governor Kathy  Hochul, Albany Democrats, and many other progressives across this great  Nation.   Due to the dereliction of duty by Secretary Mayorkas and the overall  mismanagement of the Department of Homeland Security by the Biden  administration, the United States has seen a record number of migrants  cross into this great Nation.   This deluge has placed a significant particularly strong strain on  sanctuary States, such as New York, where Governor Hochul continues to  place the interests of migrants ahead of students who we want to keep  safe.   The Hochul administration has made housing migrants at schools a  priority, a fact that troubles many parents, educators, and students  alike. Housing migrants whose histories are murky and intentions  unknown at schools from the elementary level to the collegiate level  endangers youth learners and puts students in a potentially dangerous  situation of interacting with adult migrants in spaces that should be  reserved for students.   The fact that migrants are currently being housed in school gyms,  particularly in New York City, is absolutely ridiculous. Instead of  recognizing that this is a problem, Governor Hochul is seeking to  expand this policy to SUNY campuses.   You see, parents send their kids to school to be in a safe zone, and  it is incumbent on the Federal Government to do everything possible to  stop it. For this purpose, I support the Schools Not Shelters Act and  encourage my colleagues to support this legislation I have cosponsored.   