 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, in 2015, the Federal Permitting  Improvement Steering Council was created specifically to improve ``the  transparency, predictability, and outcomes of the Federal environmental  review and authorization process for certain large-scale critical  infrastructure projects.''   One of its core missions is to enhance coordination between Federal  and State environmental reviews and provide more transparency.   As my constituents in Utah and my colleagues here know, our  permitting system has long been too complex. Earlier this year, the  House passed H.R. 1, the landmark bill aimed at lowering energy costs  and improving our permitting process.   We also passed the Fiscal Responsibility Act this year, which  includes important wins to expedite permitting. It was broadly  accepted, broadly supported.   Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle understand the  importance of permitting reform because we cannot reduce emissions,  lower energy prices, or address vulnerabilities in our supply chain  without it.   Unfortunately, in September, the Federal Permitting Improvement  Steering Council proposed a rule to limit the scope of mining projects  eligible for this expedited process.   This proposed change is shortsighted and exacerbates the permitting  delays that stifle the domestic mining industry and our efforts to  produce cheaper, cleaner energy. This will hurt critically important  mining projects in my home State of Utah and across our entire Nation.   Congress established the steering council to address the delays that  continue to be one of the most substantial risks to meeting mineral  production goals. This proposed change will threaten U.S. national  security and mineral production objectives.   I urge the administration to reverse course, and I urge my colleagues  to support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I will just close with this: We have a shortage. We  have to rely on foreign sources for some of our critical minerals.   If this rule goes through, it will limit the scope of what we need.  It will limit the scope of what we need for our Department of Defense,  for national security, and for the environmental agencies.   We have to be able to look at what we can do better here in America  so we can provide cleaner technology.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the  House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow.   