 We need to protect wetlands, and we need to protect the  clean water supply we enjoy here in America.   The Supreme Court has been dealing with this for years, and if we  don't get it right here and keep the agencies honest, we are going to  have real food shortages on our hands.   I am a farmer who was prosecuted under the Clean Water Act for  growing wheat in a wheat field where I had planted wheat many times  before.   This right here--I want to make sure the whole Chamber can see it-- look hard. This little light spot in the field is a jurisdictional  wetland under some definitions of the Clean Water Act. That is not a  navigable water. There are no frogs, no fish, no storks, no egrets, and  no water.   Under the Biden rule, the surrounding grasslands--all the surrounding  grasslands there, not the electrical tower in the back, that has other  regulatory problems--those are jurisdictional wetlands under the Biden  rule.   They prosecuted me as a farmer for farming wheat in a wheat field  which had been farmed many, many times before, and they threatened to  fine me $28 to $40 million for tilling through 22 acres of wetlands  such as this across a 450-acre wheat field.   This is what we are talking about. We don't have to talk about  burning rivers or poisonous water. This is the land grab, this is the  authority, and this is the threat to the American food system that we  are talking about.   Right over there, that is a government expert team paid for by your  Department of Justice--our Department of Justice--sitting in a 3-foot  hole investigating my 4- to 7-inch tillage through a vernal pool. Ten  government investigators were on my property for 10 days producing over  a $1-million report.   The smallest of these wetlands--of these vernal pools--was 16 square  feet. Think of the card table you may have sat at as a kid during  Thanksgiving, Mr. Speaker. That was deemed a jurisdictional wetland.   This is a direct attack on our farming and our food supply. Please  don't understand it as anything different.   