 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 111, the  Providing Accountability through Transparency Act which the House will  be voting on today.   This commonsense bill has been a bicameral effort for several years  and I'm hopeful it will pass the House today so it can finally be sent  to the President's desk for signature and become law.   Since the creation of the Administrative Procedure Act in 1946,  federal agencies have been required to keep the public informed of  their respective rulemaking processes. All rules and regulations are  also published in the Federal Register, so there's a lot to keep up  with.   The federal government produces hundreds of rules, regulations, and  laws every year. And most of these government agencies unfortunately  have a habit of creating long-winded and convoluted rules that frankly  don't make sense unless you're an expert in that field.   American small businesses have enough to worry about--especially in  this economy. They don't have the time or resources to keep track of  the latest in government red tape or figure out if they need to abide  by agency suggestions that are often confused for laws. And that  regulatory burden shouldn't be on them.   In my capacity as Vice Chair of the House Small Business Committee,  I'm constantly hearing from small business owners who have run into  issues like this. And I'm sure many of my colleagues have also heard  from constituents who need help navigating the American regulatory  maze.   The Providing Transparency Through Accountability Act is a  straightforward, commonsense solution to this problem.  [[Page H3620]]    This bill would simply require agencies to create a short, plain  language summary and a website link to make it easily accessible so  that all Americans can easily find and understand the rules being  proposed by the administration.   Giving Americans--and especially small businesses--a one-hundred- word, plain language summary for an otherwise convoluted government  rulemaking provides much needed streamlining and transparency.   I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will vote for this  bill to help the small business owners who create jobs and economic  growth nationwide focus on running their businesses, not sifting  through long-winded government documents.   I thank Senator Lankford for getting this bill across the finish line  in the Senate. I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of the  Providing Accountability Through Transparency Act.   