 Madam President, we are entering graduation season; 17-  and 18-year-olds should be attending their senior prom, preparing to  finish high school, and looking forward to their futures, as my oldest  daughter is right now. They should not be in the obituaries of our  local newspaper. Their high school lockers should not be makeshift  memorials covered in flowers. And yet all over America, they are.   Fentanyl is the leading cause of death for Americans aged 18 to 45-- the leading cause of death. A rapidly increasing number of the dead are  teenagers. And the rate of teen overdoses since the pandemic have more  than doubled compared to the decade before.   Between 2019 and 2021, the number of deaths caused by fentanyl among  10- to 19-year-olds increased by 182 percent. And this is due almost  entirely to the fentanyl found in counterfeit pills, many of which are  sold via social media--platforms like TikTok and Snapchat.   The drug is incredibly lethal. Two milligrams, the equivalent of 10  grains of salt, can kill. It is inexpensive to produce and  exponentially more dangerous than heroin or morphine. Even the overdose  rate of children 5 and under is growing. Hundreds of thousands of  Americans are dying, so many of our kids among them.   How can we be so powerless to prevent this?   To all the families who have lost loved ones to fentanyl, we grieve  with you. We share your anger, and we vow--we vow--not to let your  loved one's death be in vain. It is past time we took the fight to the  monsters who traffic in this poison, who profit from our loss.   I know the Presiding Officer feels the way I do about this issue.   First, we know that the majority of fentanyl is making its way into  our communities through Mexico. To President Biden and his  administration: Secure the border now.   Second, let's give the frontline soldiers in this fight the tools  that they need to keep fentanyl off our streets. The HALT Act, which my  colleagues and I recently introduced, would do this. It would  permanently classify fentanyl-related drugs as schedule I, meaning they  would be deemed dangerously addictive with no medical value, and holds  those who deal in this poison liable to civil and criminal punishment.  This legislation would enable our law enforcement officials to better  fight the impact of this deadly drug.   Lastly, we need to cut off the dealers' back channels to our  children. We know that pushers prey on teenagers across social media  platforms, embedding advertisements with emojis or codes. Social media  companies must work with the Federal Government to shut down these one- stop digital drug shops--shut them down.   Another recently introduced bill, the Cooper Davis Act, would require  social media companies to play their part in this fight and duly report  drug trafficking across their platforms. To accomplish this, our bill  would create a standardized reporting system with the Federal  Government, modeled after the existing reporting system for child  sexual abuse material on social media platforms. It has worked there.  It will work here as well.   The Cooper Davis Act is a bipartisan proposal reflecting the scale of  devastation caused by the drug crisis across all of the 50 States. In  fact, this crisis knows no region, no class, no party. No American  family is immune from it.   By securing the border, by passing the HALT Act, and by passing the  Cooper Davis Act, we can start--we can start--to rally a true national  response to this crisis. We cannot let the deaths of so many young  Americans be for naught. Enough is enough.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   