 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment that I hope  will garner bipartisan support. I do this with my colleagues on the  House Financial Services Committee. Chairman Blaine Luetkemeyer of  Missouri is here with me today.   In 2021, Mr. Chair, the Treasury Department approved $650 billion in  an allocation of Special Drawing Rights at the International Monetary  Fund. That is a bunch of technical words, but in plain English, this  means that they were lavishing $650 billion on all the countries of the  world with no strings attached.   The Biden administration claims that this allocation is necessary to  have the global adequacy of funding in reserves in each of the  sovereign countries of the world. In other words, these reserves from  the IMF went to healthy countries, countries that don't need the money,  like countries in Europe or the United States. Many countries ended up  using this IMF money just to pay short-term bills.   Worst of all, this Special Drawing Rights allocation provided  billions of dollars of unconditional liquidity to some of the worst  regimes in the world: $40 billion went to China; $17 billion went to  the Putin regime in Moscow; and Iran, the world's leading state sponsor  of terrorism, the funder of Hamas, the killer of Israelis on October 7,  received $5 billion to boost its reserves.   That is completely at odds with American policy, completely at odds  with our sanctions policy against some of the worst regimes in the  world.   The amendment we propose today would prohibit the Treasury Department  from allocating any more Special Drawing Rights from the IMF to the  ayatollahs in Tehran.  [[Page H5623]]    Following the October 7 attack by Hamas against our friends in  Israel, it would be unacceptable for the IMF to, once again, bolster  the reserves of Iran. Money is fungible, and that money goes to  Hezbollah and Hamas.   Some of our colleagues might counter that prohibiting more SDRs for  Iran means prohibiting them for everybody. That is simply not true.   Mr. Chairman, the IMF has the authority to do special allocations and  allocate these Special Drawing Rights reserves to countries of a  particular need or concern. We don't have to give this kind of largesse  to wealthy countries like the Netherlands or the United States or to  rogues like China and Iran.   Some may argue that excluding this is too dramatic and that Treasury  itself can designate the whole country as a jurisdiction of primary  money laundering concern, and therefore, Iran can't get it.   This administration has already freed up money for Iran in their  recent hostage deal. If Treasury really wants to argue that Iran, the  world's foremost state sponsor of terrorism, should receive more no- strings-attached money, then come to Congress to make the case, but  this is significant and should be decided by the elected officials in  this body, not agency officials at the Treasury.   Last month's assault on Israel was a clarifying moment for so many  people around the world. This amendment sends a unified message: No  more money for bad regimes around the world.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I don't consider that a very convincing argument  on this amendment. This amendment is a good idea to counter a bad  policy.   Blanket money for rogue regimes through the IMF, approved by our  Treasury Department and encouraged by the Biden administration, is bad.   Voting for this amendment is good. It sends a message to rogue  regimes: You don't get a free lunch from the United States of America.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to the time remaining.    Mr. Chair, let me say, in conclusion, that this is the  Treasury bill. This is the bill that appropriates money for the  Treasury.   The Rules Committee made this amendment in order because it concerns  spending money at the Treasury for bad ideas. Those on this side of the  aisle want to counter terrorism, counter bad ideas, counter profligate  spending by the IMF to back up rogue regimes.   Mr. Chair, I encourage all Members who want to counter terrorism,  counter rogue regimes, speak up for freedom in Israel, speak up for  freedom in Ukraine, speak up for freedom on the island of Taiwan to  support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   