 Mr. President, now, over the past few months, the Senate  appropriations process has been a shining example of how things should  work in Washington.   These are divided times, in a closely divided Chamber, but,  nevertheless, we can summarize the Senate's work of funding the  government down to one word, bipartisan--one word, bipartisan.   Thanks to the outstanding work of Appropriations Chair Patty Murray  and Vice Chair Susan Collins and many other colleagues from both sides,  all 12 appropriations bills have been reported out of the committee  with bipartisan support.   Some of them--many of them were with unanimous bipartisan support.  That doesn't mean everyone agreed on everything. It means something  more important. It means that disagreements haven't paralyzed the  process.   This month, one of the Senate's top priorities will be to keep the  government open beyond the September 30 deadline. Both parties in both  Chambers will have to work together if we are to avoid a shutdown. So  when the House returns next week, I implore--I implore--my Republican  colleagues in the House to recognize that time is short to keep the  government open and  [[Page S4212]]  the only way to avoid a shutdown is through bipartisanship. House  Republicans should follow the Senate's example and work with Democrats  to pass strong, bipartisan appropriations bills. They will have their  first chance to show their commitment to bipartisanship when they  return next week.   The last thing Americans need right now is a pointless government  shutdown. Our economy has come a very long way since the darkest days  of the COVID pandemic. Inflation is slowing down, job growth remains  strong, the investments we have made through the infrastructure law,  the CHIPS and Science Act, and the Inflation Reduction Act are paying  off with new projects and new good-paying jobs. We shouldn't squander  all of that now.   A shutdown is unnecessary and would harm so many American families  and businesses. But if both sides work in good faith, embrace  bipartisanship as we have done in the Senate, and avoid all-or-nothing  tactics, then there will be no shutdown, and that will be very good  news for the American people because it is the American people who  suffer most when there is a shutdown.    Mr. President, another criminal trial arising out of the  events of January 6, 2021, is scheduled to begin on September 13, 2023,  in Federal district court in the District of Columbia. The defendant in  this case is charged with multiple counts, including unlawfully  entering and remaining in a restricted area within the U.S. Capitol  grounds.   The prosecution is seeking trial testimony from Michael J. Mastrian,  Director of the Senate Radio and Television Gallery, and Jeffrey S.  Kent, Director of the Press Photographers' Gallery, which operate under  the authority of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate,  relating to the regulation of access to the Capitol by bona fide  members of the electronic news media, news photographers, and heads of  photographic news bureaus.   Senate Sergeant at Arms Gibson would like to cooperate by providing  relevant testimony in this proceeding from Messrs. Mastrian and Kent.   In keeping with the rules and practices of the Senate, this  resolution would authorize the production of relevant testimony from  Messrs. Mastrian and Kent, with representation by the Senate legal  counsel.   