 Mr. Speaker, I stand today in strong support of Social  Security and the invaluable role that it plays in the lives of more  than 2.2 million people in Illinois and over 150,000  [[Page H3006]]  of our neighbors and family members in the 17th Congressional District  of Illinois.   Social Security benefits make up one-third of the income of our  Nation's seniors, and benefits are the primary source of income for  most seniors.   Social Security is not a handout. This is a program that working  Americans have paid into for years with the promise that the Federal  Government would stand by them and respect their hard work and their  labor.   Too often over the past few months, we have heard threats from my  colleagues across the aisle about cutting off these hard-earned  benefits--first during the debt ceiling negotiations, and most  recently, my colleagues in the Republican Study Committee recently put  forth a budget that renews Republican attacks on Social Security  benefits.   Their unserious proposal shows my colleagues care more about scoring  political points and playing games with your future than governing  responsibly and with your interests in mind. That we are having this  conversation and considering these budgets shows how out of touch my  colleagues across the aisle are with the struggles that real Americans  face every single day.   Under their proposal, 9.7 million Illinoisans would see their  retirement age increased, cutting their Social Security benefits and  forcing them to work even longer for less.   Let me be clear, Mr. Speaker. Social Security is a sacred promise to  our Nation's seniors. It is not a political football. I will oppose any  proposal that cuts the earned benefits that provide essential financial  stability to millions of Americans.   Our communities have worked for decades to earn these benefits, and  it is unconscionable to turn around and take that away from people,  especially as prices still remain high for consumers.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so  we can bring up legislation that protects, not undermines, Social  Security.    