 Mr. President, I rise in support of S. 870, the Fire  Grants and Safety Act. This critically important legislation  reauthorizes several important programs in the Department of Homeland  Security--DHS. Specifically, the legislation reauthorizes the Federal  Emergency Management Agency's--FEMA--Assistance to Firefighters  Grants--AFG--grant program, the Staffing for Adequate Fire and  Emergency Response--SAFER--grant program, and the U.S. Fire  Administration--USFA. Without action by Congress, the authorizations  for these programs will lapse in September 2024.   AFG grants help ensure that departments have the resources they need  to train and equip their personnel. This includes vital personal  protective equipment that firefighters and EMS personnel need to do  their jobs safely.   SAFER grants help ensure departments can meet staffing requirements  through hiring of firefighters and recruitment and retention  activities.   I am particularly proud of the work of USFA, which is headquartered  in Emmitsburg, MD. Its mission is to support and strengthen fire and  emergency medical services--EMS--and stakeholders to prepare for,  prevent, mitigate and respond to all hazards. USFA ensures that the  fire service is prepared to respond to all hazards and is the lead  Federal agency for fire data collection, public fire education, fire  research, and fire service training. USFA offers classes on critical  topics pertaining to emergency medical services, fire prevention, arson  investigation, hazardous materials incidents, incident management,  leadership and executive development, planning and information  management, responder health and safety, wildland and the urban  interface.   As our Nation faces increasing extreme weather events due to climate  change, we can expect even stronger natural disasters to afflict our  Nation, including more damaging hurricanes, tornadoes, and wildfires.  Firefighters receive millions of calls each year for help beyond just  fires and often respond to medical emergencies, hazardous materials  spills, natural disasters, and active shooter situations. According to  the National Fire Protection Association, fire killed 3,800 people and  injured another 14,700 people in 2021. Property damage in 2021 reached  nearly $16 billion due to fires. And America's firefighters paid the  ultimate price while running toward danger; in 2021, 141 firefighters  died while on duty.   The National Fallen Firefighters Foundation is located on the campus  of the National Emergency Training Center in Emmitsburg, along with the  USFA. Last year, I was pleased that the foundation received a nearly  $1.5 million grant for its important work. USFA estimates more than  2,000 civilians died in residential fires in 2022.   Communities across Maryland regularly rely on these grant programs to  help provide equipment, facilities, and training for their  firefighters, whether they are career or volunteer. Indeed, many  volunteer fire departments do not receive any local or municipal funds  and must fundraise on their own in order to continue operating their  essential and lifesaving emergency services in their communities.   In Western Maryland, just by way of one example, these grants  programs provide critical funding to enhance firefighters' emergency  response capabilities and their ability to protect the health and  safety of the public and themselves. These grants also support the  recruitment and retention of additional firefighters.   In 2022, these grants allowed Frederick County to hire full-time  firefighters; Washington County to provide new portable radios for Fire  and EMS departments across the county; the Borden Shaft Volunteer Fire  Company No. 1 in Allegany County to purchase vehicle extrication and  rescue tools; and the Community Volunteer Fire Company, Inc., of  District No. 12 in Washington County to purchase a gear washer and  dryer.   Indeed, according to a recent fire services coalition letter  supporting this legislation: ``All across the country, local fire  departments of all types and sizes do not have enough staff, training,  personal protective clothing, breathing apparatus, and other equipment.  The SAFER and the AFG programs help ensure fire and emergency services  personnel across the country are properly trained, staffed, and  equipped to protect their communities. These programs improve response  capabilities across all emergency response areas--from fires to medical  aid and hazardous materials response.''   A recent fire service needs assessment survey from the National Fire  Protection Association noted that most small fire departments have  personal protective equipment that is 10 years of age or older and that  most fire departments cannot equip every firefighter with a self- contained breathing apparatus, with again much of the equipment being  10 years of age or older. That same survey noted: ``Staffing levels  across job roles and functions have remained flat and weekday staffing  among volunteer fire departments remains a challenge.''   I therefore urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and  reauthorize these critical FEMA programs so that we give our heroic  firefighters the resources, equipment, and training that they need to  carry out their dangerous missions as safely as possible as they  protect and serve the public.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader.   