 Mr. Speaker, I take issue with the characterization of what  has transpired with respect to the legislation before us. We have  passed, by voice vote even, four bipartisan en bloc amendments with  items like China, Taiwan, readiness, munitions, and Israel--a host of  issues that do not fall into the category that the ranking member  raises, which I am happy to address in a moment.   There are countless other amendments that we have raised and  addressed. For example, my friend Mr. Rosendale's amendment, which I  know is near and dear to the heart of Mr. Griffith from Virginia,  limits indefinite detention.   There are other amendments. For example, Mr. Norman's requires that  any Department of Defense component that fails to pass an independent  audit have 1\1/2\ percent of its budget returned to the Treasury for  deficit reduction.   These are a lot of very good, commonsense amendments. We went through  the process, combed through 1,500 amendments, and made decisions in the  Rules Committee on how to equitably bring them to the floor. They cover  the gamut of issues that the American people are concerned about when  they see their Department of Defense no longer able to defend the  United States.   That is the question.   I hear the ranking member talking about how we are injecting culture  wars into the National Defense Authorization Act or injecting culture  wars into the military when, in fact, it is this administration that  has turned the Department of Defense into a social engineering  experiment wrapped in a uniform. That is what is happening. That is  what the American people see.   When the American people see advertisements in June with rainbow  bullets strapped to helmets, when they see surgeries for transgender  people being funded by taxpayers at the Department of Defense, and when  they see the Department of Defense ignoring existing law, existing  precedent, and existing traditionally historic bipartisan agreements on  Hyde amendment protections, then they see the Department of Defense  being turned into a social engineering experiment.   Of course, the people's House is responding to an executive branch  that is making policy by executive fiat not just, of course, in this  area but across the entirety of the Federal Government. So, yes, we are  offering amendments to address these things.   An Air Force Academy deck slide instructs cadets to use language like  ``parents and caregivers'' instead of ``moms and dads.'' Well, that is  a really great use of time for the Air Force Academy. Don't refer to  the phrase ``mom and dad.'' Boy, that will do it.   The United States Special Operations Command's diversity and  inclusion strategic plan claims that diversity and inclusion are  operational imperatives. The Marines tweeted a Pride Month image, as I  pointed out, with rainbow-tipped bullets. This stuff is happening every  day.   When I go talk to military recruits and talk to the recruiters, they  are struggling. They are not even able to make their recruiting goals.  They are well under their numbers. Why? Because the target audience of  people who want to serve in the military don't want to be preached to.  They don't want to have their entire worldview being questioned by the  leaders and the brass in the military.    We are trying to stop that. We would like to make the military  focused on killing people and blowing stuff up again because that is  what a military is supposed to be for--sparingly used and not in  endless wars, but ready and able to defend the United States of  America.   The American people I talk to back home don't want a weak military.  They don't want a woke military. They don't want rainbow propaganda on  bases. They don't want to pay for troops' sex changes. The American  people want a military that can provide for security and win wars.   Mr. Speaker, that is what we are doing with this legislation, and I  am proud to support the rule.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the House Armed Services Committee adopted an  amendment to repeal the statutory requirement that the Department of  Defense have a chief diversity officer, a senior adviser for diversity  and inclusion. I applaud that. It is a good thing. That is getting rid  of the requirement. I also believe that we should prohibit the ability  of the Department of Defense to have said position.   My amendment No. 30 seeks to amend section 904 to prohibit Federal  funds from being used to establish anything similar or any position  that is comparable to the chief diversity officer or senior adviser of  diversity and inclusion.   People say, well, why is that? The fact of the matter is we have a  situation right now where we are not even able to pay the kinds of  bonuses that are necessary.   We are not able to pay to retain our men and women in uniform. The  Air Force has been having budgetary problems, and we have got positions  that are being put out there, for example, that will pay $183,500,  multiple positions scattered all over the country in the name of  diversity.   The fact is the United States military is one of the few institutions  where the skills of the men or women on either side of you could mean  the difference between life and death.   The Department of Defense should be focused on one thing only:  securing the defense of the Nation. It is not in our national security  interests to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars for diversity  training that continues to try and divvy us up by race.   That is the opposite of the direction we should be going, and in  fact, it sows constant division into the Department of Defense.   Does a person's race or skin color help them overcome hostile forces?  Does it allow us to win the next battle? Do rainbow bullets and flags  scare away folks?   Yet, that is what we are spending our time on, and we can't even pay  our men and women in uniform. Literally, the Air Force is saying sorry,  we can't give you bonuses right now because they have mismanaged their  budget, and they are having to spend money on positions like this.   China and our other enemies do not care about feelings. Why are we  funding divisive programs and divisive positions rather than positions  focused on advancing and training the strongest and best military in  the world?   That is the purpose of the amendment. It is great that this bill  eliminates the statutory requirement that we have such a position, but  we ought to end this divvying us up by race.   It is, in the words of the Chief Justice, a sordid business to divvy  us up by race rather than to ensure that we have the best trained and  finest fighting force in the world.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The fact is these positions are consuming precious dollars that our  Air Force can't even use currently to pay their own personnel. Many in  the military are struggling to even find a way to pay the bonuses for  our current personnel and can't even meet their own recruiting needs  right now, falling woefully short in all of their recruiting needs.   The fact is we are struggling in recruiting, in significant part,  because we are turning the Department of Defense into a social  engineering experiment wrapped in a uniform. That is the truth.   Instead of focusing on killing people and blowing stuff up and having  the finest fighting force in the world, we are focused on dividing  people up by race. That is what we are doing.   If you look at all of the training materials at the Air Force  Academy, the training materials at West Point, the training materials  at the Naval Academy, they are chock-full of this, spending time on  that, and it is driving people away from wanting to serve.   It is driving people of all races away from wanting to serve because  we are focusing on race and division rather than unifying our United  States military behind the flag of the United States.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in closing, a recent story indicated:  Servicemembers forced to pay back signing bonuses after being removed  after COVID vaccine. They see it as a kick in the face.   The Air Force delays bonuses. Higher-than-projected personnel costs  are driving a shortfall in FY 2023 military personnel appropriation.  Meanwhile, we have jobs and notices under the chief diversity officer  and myriad other positions at $183,500. Why?   Why can't we get it right? Why can't we do the right thing and use  the dollars that we have appropriated to fund the men and women in  uniform to do their job? That is the question.   The fact is what we are doing is we are funding things like a  professor at the Air Force Academy posting about her desire to make  students learn how to ``identify the structural racism and inequality  that has been endemic in American history.''   A West Point slide obtained by FOIA stated that: ``White people and  people of color live radically different structured lives, and that in  order to understand racial inequality, it is first necessary to address  Whiteness.'' That is what we are paying for rather than paying for men  and women to defend this country.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the Department of Defense Education Activity, an  agency under the Department of Defense, runs 160 schools on military  bases across the globe, serving more than 69,000 children of military  personnel.   The amendment that I am offering would prohibit the Department of  Defense schools, DODEA, from using funds to promote or compel teachers  to adhere to critical race theory.   Specifically, this is what I on the floor was accused of offering as  being racist by the ranking member of the Rules Committee a little bit  earlier, but I was not on the floor to have the words stricken.   Here is what the language is in the amendment--compel teachers to  adhere to critical race theory, specifically the idea that:   ``(1) Any race is inherently superior or inferior to any other race,  color, or national origin.   ``(2) The United States is a fundamentally racist country.   ``(3) The Declaration of Independence or Constitution of the United  States are fundamentally racist documents.   ``(4) An individual's moral character or worth is determined by the  individual's race, color, or national origin.   ``(5) An individual, by virtue of the individual's race, is  inherently racist or oppressive, whether consciously or unconsciously.   ``(6) An individual, because of the individual's race, bears  responsibility for the actions committed by other members of the  individual's race, color, or national origin.''   Instead of working to empower parents, our education system is using  critical race theory outside of the Department of Defense, but in this  case inside the Department of Defense, to turn schools into a  propaganda machine dedicated to raising students up that judge one  another by race and hate our country's founding principles.   Teaching kids to hate the country they live in, to view their fellow  citizens as enemies because of the color of their skin is wrong. It is  anti-American, and it is societal suicide.   Critical race theory is an anti-American ideology that seeks to pick  winners and losers based on skin color. We are seeing a large-scale  effort to impose this tyranny over the minds of men and our children  through taxpayer-funded indoctrination of this ideology.   I believe we must preserve the foundational American truth that  people are valuable regardless of their skin color and prevent critical  race theory from being used to divvy us up by race further.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, an article written by the spouse of a member of  our military in The Federalist and the mother of a former Department of  Defense education student talked about the training that she discovered  when she dove into what their students were being taught.   She saw that there would be an equity and access summit for teachers  and administrators. She said: Knowing that equity means different  things to different people, I wanted to get a sense of what it meant,  and I was floored.   They released a video of summit clips in which a principal talks  about a student who felt like he had done something wrong because he is  a young, White male. The teacher said she didn't know what to tell him,  but she seemed pleased with the breakthrough. Perhaps she was just  following the lead of DODEA's diversity, equity, and inclusion chief,  Kelisa Wing, who is currently under investigation or at that time was  under investigation by DOD for a history of disparaging comments toward  White people.    The fact here is, the sordid business of divvying us up by race is  what we are trying to move past, and having our Department of Defense  schools teaching the children of our men and women in uniform to focus  on race and the divvying us up by race is inherently wrong and  undermines the future cohesion of not just the military but the  country. The purpose here is to say that we don't need our Department  of Defense schools to be engaged in this indoctrination.   I heard earlier the questions here about all these stats about how  this improves all of our recruiting. If that is so, why is our  recruiting in the toilet? It is in the toilet because if you talk to  recruits, they are sick of it. They don't like the indoctrination.  Their friends listen to it, and they say: ``I don't want any part of  it.''   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in closing, we are endowed by our Creator with  certain inalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the  pursuit of happiness. Life. I can't help but notice the focus of my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle of terminating life.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, earlier today the ranking member of the House  Rules Committee accused me of offering a racist amendment. It was  racist and that was because it said that we shouldn't have policies  under DEI encouraging that any race is inherently superior or inferior  to any other race, color, or national origin; the United States being a  fundamentally racist country, the Declaration of Independence or  Constitution of the United States are fundamentally racist documents;  an individual's moral character or worth is determined by the  individual's race, color, or national origin; an  [[Page H3561]]  individual, by virtue of the individual's race is inherently racist or  oppressive, whether consciously or unconsciously; or that an  individual, because of the individual's race, bears responsibility for  the actions committed by other members of the individual's race, color,  or national origin.    The fact is we have DEI positions like that held by Kelisa Wing where  she talked about ``CAUdacity'' to say that Black people can be racist  too. That is what is happening. We are inculcating racist positions at  the Department of Defense.   I support my friend's amendment to strike these racist positions. The  Department of Defense should be colorblind so we can defend the United  States of America instead of having social engineering experiments that  are wrapped in a uniform.   