 Mr. President, I rise today as chair of the Small  Business and Entrepreneurship Committee and on behalf of over 33  million small businesses across the country to recognize National Small  Business Week.   When I complete my remarks, I am going to ask consent to pass S. Res.  200, which has been cleared from the hotline, which is sponsored by me,  Senator Ernst, and the distinguished Senator from New Jersey and a  distinguished member of the Small Business and Entrepreneurship  Committee, our current Presiding Officer, Senator Booker. This is a  resolution that recognizes the contributions of small businesses and  entrepreneurs in every community in the United States.   A lot has changed in the 60 years since the week was first celebrated  in 1963, Small Business Week, but today, small businesses are as  resilient as ever. They have faced immense challenges like COVID-19 and  continue to serve their communities with great commitment and courage.  Our small businesses deserve far more than a week of appreciation for  all they do, but this week, we look forward to celebrating them and  committing our full and unconditional support.   Small businesses account for 99.9 percent of all U.S. businesses and  employ nearly half of all U.S. workers. They are spearheaded by  entrepreneurs like Lois Gamerman, from my home State of Maryland, who  was hit hard during the pandemic but who pulled her business through to  continue serving our great State. Her grit and resourcefulness earned  her the 2023 Maryland Small Business Person of the Year. I congratulate  Lois on that accomplishment.   Lois saw an 85-percent loss in sales as the hospitality industry  suffered during the pandemic. Her business, Soft Stuff Distributors,  received help from the Small Business Administration's Paycheck  Protection Program and the COVID-19 Economic Injury Disaster Loan  Program to keep its doors open.   I thank all of my colleagues for their help in the passage of those  two critically important bills--bipartisan efforts to keep our small  businesses alive.   Lois is just one example of many small businesses that are alive  today because of the efforts that we did here in the U.S. Senate. Now  Soft Stuff occupies 33,000 square feet of space and employs over 50  individuals.   For Lois and the millions of entrepreneurs who depend on these  resources, we must double down and continue to fund the programs that  help fuel their success. The ``Default on America Act'' that Speaker  McCarthy unveiled last week would do exactly the opposite. It would  cause the small businesses we love and need, to suffer. America needs  to invest in our small businesses, not abandon them. If the ``Default  on America Act'' were to become law, accessible capital for many  entrepreneurs would diminish, and they would have nowhere to turn for  assistance.   In 2022, the SBA's entrepreneurial development programs served 1.2  million small businesses. The ``Default on America Act'' proposes  cutting spending to fiscal year 2022 levels. If spending for these  critical programs is cut, the SBA would serve 125,000 fewer small  businesses than in previous years; 125,000 American small businesses  would be denied the resources and assistance that are critical to their  survival.   While many small business owners would find themselves struggling  without necessary resources, entrepreneurs of color, women, rural, and  other underserved small business owners in particular would feel the  squeeze.   Now is not the time to walk back our support. In fact, under the  Biden-Harris administration, we have seen a small business boom. Today,  there are more small business owners nationwide than ever, and now is  the time to invest in them, to grow our economy from the middle out and  the bottom-up, and to build on the small business boom.   We must come together to keep our communities strong, not push for  legislation that would cut jobs and harm the local shops we love. Part  of keeping our communities strong is by ensuring that the Agencies  serving them work efficiently and effectively. The Small Business  Administration does essential work in supporting small businesses and  their communities.   For the sake of our small businesses, I ask my friends and colleagues  on both sides of the aisle to come together so we can pass the long- overdue reauthorization of the Small Business Administration. National  Small Business Week is our chance to show our small businesses how  valuable they are and to pledge our continued support.   To all of America's small businesses and entrepreneurs, thank you for  what you do this week and every week.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the consideration of S. Res. 200, which is at the desk.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to,  the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 42, S. Res. 119.    I further ask that the resolution be agreed to, the  preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it stand adjourned to convene for  a pro forma session, with no business being conducted, at 9:30 a.m. on  Friday, May 5; that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, it stand  adjourned until 3 p.m. on Tuesday, May 9; that on Tuesday, following  the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal  of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be  reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be  closed; that following the conclusion of morning business, the Senate  proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Gorordo  nomination; further, that the cloture motions filed during today's  session ripen at 5:30 p.m. on Tuesday, May 9.    Madam President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the previous  order following the remarks of Senator Hoeven.   