 Mr. Chairman, as we are here today, we  appreciate so much the leadership of Chairman Mario Diaz-Balart. He was  so correct earlier to identify the appeasement of Afghanistan has  endangered all American families in the continuing global war on  terrorism, with Afghanistan sadly now becoming a safe haven for  terrorists.   As the chairman of the Helsinki Commission, I strongly support the  continuation of its very meaningful work. For nearly 50 years, the U.S.  Helsinki Commission, uniquely made up of Senators and Members of  Congress, with rotating chairmanship of House and Senate Members, has  worked to promote American values in Europe and the former Soviet  Union.   Its small, professional staff support bicameral, bipartisan  commissioners to advance American national security and national  interests in human rights, military security, and economic cooperation  in 57 countries. It is the fulfillment of the dream of Barry Goldwater  and Ronald Reagan of ``Why Not Victory?''.   The Commission has worked with fellow legislative members from each  country to ensure respect for freedom of religion, to defend those  persecuted from criticizing dictatorships to fight against corruption  and to prevent human trafficking. It is a vital forum in the ongoing  worldwide conflict between dictators with rule of gun who are opposing  democracies with rule of law. We must stand and meet the challenge of  power coming from the barrel of a gun.   Commissioners have worked with countries to update their religious  laws to allow smaller Christian and other groups to practice freely.  Commissioners have put together numerous legislative proposals to  counter corruption, including by highlighting the priority of  anticorruption in U.S. foreign policy, providing further authorities to  end the impunity enjoyed by kleptocrats and preventing them from  entering the United States, and highlighting the work of U.S. law  enforcement to recover stolen money hidden in America.   Commissioners have authored much of the antihuman trafficking  legislation here with the leadership of Chairman Chris Smith and set  standards for preventing human trafficking internationally. Most  recently, the Commission has focused on supporting Ukrainian children  who have been forcibly relocated by kidnapping or who have experienced  extreme trauma due to war.   With only a small staff, the Commission has had a large impact. It is  crucial that this important work continues and the Commission be funded  for its future.    Mr. Chairman, sadly, the world is in a  conflict we did not choose between dictators with rule of gun opposing  democracies with rule of law.   War criminal Putin began the current murderous conflict invading  Ukraine, shocked to find that the Ukrainians courageously resisted. The  brave Ukrainian people are an inspiration to the world, as they know  Putin falsely claims Ukraine does not exist as Putin is trying to  reassemble the evil empire of the Soviet Union.   Fellow dictators clearly see the conflict as dictator or democracy,  as North Korean Kim Jong-Un joins Putin. The Chinese Communist Party is  conducting the largest peacetime military buildup in world history. The  regime in Tehran builds drones for Putin to murder Ukrainian civilians  as they plan death to America, death to Israel.   We must stop the dictators today or they will be a direct threat to  American families tomorrow. We must always remember, of all things,  Pearl Harbor. We must remember 9/11. For these reasons, I oppose the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, as a 31-year Army veteran  myself, and the grateful father of four sons who have served overseas,  I want America to maintain peace through strength.   As a senior member of the Armed Services Committee, I know firsthand  we have the capability of drawdown not reducing our capabilities.   When concerns were expressed over providing 31 Abrams tanks to  Ukraine would reduce our defense, I quickly researched and found that  we have 8,000 tanks available, and actually, the 31 were in excess.   I support the proven Republican policies of Barry Goldwater and  Ronald Reagan of: Why not victory over dictators?   Peace through strength with American leadership has led to the  largest number of nations living in democracy in world history as  fascism was defeated and communism crushed.   Ukraine should receive the weapons it needs to achieve victory of  restoring Ukrainian territorial integrity.   The alliance of war criminal Putin, the Chinese Communist Party, and  the Tehran regime must be stopped before they achieve death to Israel,  death to America.   I urge as quickly as possible that we provide the equipment that can  bring peace to the region by bringing equipment to the people of  Ukraine, who are so bravely fighting back against the war criminal  Putin. Therefore, I oppose this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  the supplemental appropriations act.   This month, Luke Coffey of the Hudson Institute addressed ``The Top  Myths about U.S. Aid to Ukraine,'' revealing: ``Every dollar spent in  support of Ukraine is authorized by Congress and used for a specific  purpose.''   ``As of September 2023, the U.S. has provided Ukraine with $101  billion, or 0.43 percent of America's GDP.''   ``The vast majority of this money never leaves the U.S. and instead  supports American jobs.''   ``There has likely never been more accountability in place for U.S.  foreign assistance . . . '' with the U.S. `` . . . Ukraine Oversight  Interagency Working Group. More than 160 officials across 20 Federal  oversight agencies monitor U.S. aid to Ukraine.''   ``According to the Kiel Institute for the World Economy's Ukraine aid  tracker, total European commitments are now more than double those of  the U.S.''   ``Russia is China's junior partner. A defeated Russia means a weaker  China.''   Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida said, ``The security of the  Indo-Pacific region cannot be separated from European security.''   War criminal Putin started this conflict of dictators with rule of  gun, opposing democracies with rule of law, declaring their goal of  death to Israel, death to America.   We should support the supplemental for peace through strength in the  spirit of Barry Goldwater and Ronald Reagan: Why not victory?   