 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would prohibit the Department of  Defense from creating, procuring, or displaying any map which depicts  Taiwan as part of the territory of the People's Republic of China.   This should not be a problem since all of us know that Taiwan is not,  nor has it ever been, part of Communist China. Any claims to the  contrary are simply false.   Since the 1970s, America's so-called One China policy has  acknowledged Beijing's bogus claims over Taiwan. This is an antiquated  and dishonest policy, and it is one that we should abandon.   While my amendment will not end that misguided policy, it will at  least require that the maps that we use reflect a simple reality: China  is China; Taiwan is Taiwan.   Mr. Chair, I ask for a ``yes'' vote on my honest maps amendment, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I am stunned. This is the type of appeasement  that gets the world in trouble. We have a long history of this, and our  country is very familiar with it, going back to probably the most  classic example that is taught in our history books from the 1930s,  where there isn't this clear demarcation, where you do not have  definitive language, like President Reagan when he said, ``Mr.  Gorbachev, tear down this wall.''   There are times when you have to be very clear with your adversaries  about where you stand. This is one of them in regard to Taiwan because  Communist China would like to take over that island nation, an island  nation that they never controlled. It was never under their control.   We can appease, and we will continue to see dozens, perhaps hundreds,  of sorties being flown over Taiwan as aggression comes from that  appeasement.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I will take the point in good faith from the  gentlewoman on the other side. If you have a good instructor, they can  clearly explain how China views the world. If you have a good  instructor in the Department of Defense, perhaps in the military  college, they can explain very clearly how China views the world. This  does not preclude that in any way, but when we make a trip like I did  recently with the Natural Resources Committee, and we have a map that  is put before us that shows Taiwan as part of Communist China, that is  just simply not the truth. That is what we were getting at.   I think this legislation is going to have strong bipartisan support,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would prevent the enforcement of  several arbitrary State Department restrictions that limit  communication and cooperation between U.S. officials and their  counterparts in Taiwan.   These restrictions, which are imposed at the behest of Communist  China, are not only counterproductive, but they actually conflict with  existing U.S. law. They prevent high-ranking officials from traveling  to Taiwan, which makes it more difficult for us to coordinate with  military planners in Taipei.  [[Page H4627]]    They police language, warning American officials not to refer to  Taiwan as a country or its elected leaders as a government. They even  impose degrading restrictions that serve no reasonable purpose, such as  a ban on displaying Taiwan's flag and the playing of Taiwan's national  anthem at functions held on U.S. Government property. In essence, they  are designed to prevent and limit high-level interaction between U.S.  and Taiwanese officials.   Despite the fact that it has been official U.S. policy since 2018 to  encourage and facilitate them, Mr. Chair, these rules do not help the  United States and do not help Taiwan. The only country they help is  Communist China.   These Taiwan rules, like so many elements of our failed One China  policy, simply perpetuate Beijing's lies and reward their bad behavior.  America does not need a permission slip from Communist China to talk to  our friends and allies, and that policy should end today.   Mr. Chair, I ask for a ``yes'' vote on this amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, America has always done best in regard to  foreign policy when we are strong and resolute. This is anything but  strong and resolute.   Let me read to you from an unclassified document from the State  Department: You should not refer to Taiwan as a country or to the  authorities on Taiwan as a government. Instead, refer to Taiwan  authorities or Taiwan counterparts. Please avoid the public display or  use of any ROC symbols of sovereignty. Taiwan authorities should not  wear their uniforms on U.S. Government premises unless necessary for  safety reasons.   In other words, in effect, you are almost saying to them we need you  to grovel. You are second-class citizens when you are interacting with  the United States of America.   We should never treat a friend like that, in particular a friend like  Taiwan where you see the Communist Chinese Government is working day  after day and have been successful in some places, like the Solomon  Islands in Central America, where they have undermined support for  Taiwan.   We should be standing resolutely with Taiwan and send a very clear  message. When we send a clear message to Communist China, it is  important for them to hear that, but our partners, our allies around  the world, also see that clear message and are more likely to be  resolute, also.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, if there is a point of order that is being  raised here, my amendment does not change any existing law or require  any new duty or determination on the part of any employee of the  Department of Homeland Security. It simply prohibits the expenditure of  funds in contravention of a longstanding existing law, which the  Department ought to comply with already.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment would prevent State and local  governments who refuse to cooperate with Federal immigration  authorities from being able to obtain Federal funds under this Act.   These so-called sanctuary city policies are nothing new. They are  also illegal. In fact, they have been illegal since Bill Clinton signed  a law making them illegal in the 1990s.   As we have seen in recent months, these misguided policies serve as a  magnet for illegal aliens--overwhelming schools, hospitals, and other  local services.   New York Mayor Eric Adams recently conceded that the tidal wave of  illegal immigrants flooding into his sanctuary city will cost Big Apple  residents a staggering $12 billion. He went on to say the influx will  destroy his city.   But there is more to this issue than dollars and cents. Because these  policies prevent local law enforcement from reporting illegal aliens to  ICE, police are often forced to release foreign criminals from custody  who, of course, go on to target new victims. That doesn't just put  sanctuary cities at risk, it puts every other neighboring community at  risk, too.   Madam Chair, why are Americans being forced to finance the dangerous  and illegal policies of sanctuary cities like New York and Chicago?   Why are we being asked to pick up the tab for the problems these  jurisdictions are bringing upon themselves?   It is time to stop rewarding bad behavior.   If you make an affirmative decision to violate Federal law, then you  should be prepared to forego Federal funds.   Madam Chair, I ask for a ``yes'' vote, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Chair, I would just conclude by saying, let's take  New York City as an example. In the Natural Resources Committee today  we had a hearing in regards to a national park in New York that is now  being used as an encampment for illegal aliens. What is next?   Is it Yosemite next? Is it Yellowstone next? Is it the national  seashore that is in my district, the Apostle Islands National  Lakeshore. Where next will they do this?   Plus, they ignore the NEPA process, something that the other side  talks constantly about--we must follow the NEPA process. They are  gutting it.   It shows what the goals of the Biden administration are. It is the- ends-that-justify-the-means mentality. They will do anything to  continue the invasion of our country.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   