 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, months of inaction by President Biden  have left our Nation drifting toward economic disaster. His own  administration says our Nation is only weeks away from a debt crisis,  but there has been a total absence of Presidential  [[Page S1473]]  leadership. President Biden has simply been MIA.   First, the President said he would not negotiate unless Speaker  McCarthy and House Republicans passed their own bill. So they did. Our  Republican colleagues in the House passed a responsible bill. It is the  only legislation currently in existence that can pass even one Chamber  of Congress, let alone both.   Let that sink in.   This is where we are. Senate Democrats and Leader Schumer can give  all the angry speeches they want, but they have no bill. Leader Schumer  has no plan that can earn 60 votes here in the Senate. He has no  solution that can even pass his Chamber, let alone the House. Speaker  McCarthy and House Republicans are the only people in Washington who  have actually passed legislation to avoid default.   The Senate majority offers plenty of angry noises but zero plan. The  only solution is Presidential leadership. President Biden has been  sleepwalking toward this crisis.   It is time to wake up--time to wake up.   The President has two options. He can endorse the responsible bill  the House Republicans have already passed and instruct Senate  Republicans not to block it in this Chamber or he can finally sit down  with Speaker McCarthy and reach an agreement. The Speaker of the House  has been sitting at the grownup's table for months waiting for  President Biden to act like a leader.   Whatever President Biden and Speaker McCarthy can both agree to will  pass the Senate easily. Any bill that doesn't meet that description  appears to have no chance.   So I am glad President Biden has begun backing down and finally  advised the Speaker to begin negotiating. I accept his invitation to  join the meeting myself, but I will continue to lend my support to the  Speaker.   