 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman for  yielding and for his leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this fake, phony,  and fraudulent censure resolution brought against Adam Schiff, the  distinguished gentleman from the great State of California.   House Democrats will continue to put people over politics, to fight  for lower costs, better-paying jobs, safer communities, defend  democracy, fight for freedom, and build an economy that invests and  grows the middle class.   This is a do-nothing Republican-controlled Congress, that is why this  censure resolution is on the floor today. Extreme MAGA Republicans have  no vision, have no plan, and have no agenda to make life better for  everyday Americans.   House Democrats will continue to work for the people. Clearly, as  this resolution demonstrates, extreme MAGA Republicans work for the  twice-impeached, disgraced former President of the United States of  America, the insurrectionist in chief, the extreme puppet master, who  clearly ordered that this fake, phony, and fraudulent resolution be  brought to the floor today after it failed last week.   In fact, the supreme puppet master even threatened the other side of  the aisle with primaries if they didn't bend the knee. When he says,  ``bend the knee,'' extreme MAGA Republicans say, ``how high.''   Adam Schiff has done nothing wrong. Adam Schiff is a good man. Adam  Schiff has served this country with distinction. Adam Schiff served  this country well as a Federal prosecutor, fighting to keep communities  safe. Adam Schiff served this country well as the chair of the House  Intelligence Committee, investigating people without fear or favor,  including those at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue because he believes in the  Constitution and his oath of office.    Adam Schiff served his country well as the lead impeachment manager  during the first impeachment trial of the former President of the  United States, prosecuting his corrupt abuse of power. Yes, Adam Schiff  served this country well in the aftermath of the violent insurrection.  He pushed back against the big lie told by the puppet master in chief  and participated as a prominent member of the January 6th Committee to  defend our democracy.  [[Page H3017]]    Adam Schiff has done nothing wrong. He has worked hard to do right by  the American people. The extreme MAGA Republicans have no vision, no  agenda, and no plan to make life better for the American people, so we  have this phony, fake, and fraudulent censure resolution.   Adam Schiff will not be silenced. We will not be silenced. House  Democrats will not be silenced today. We will not be silenced tomorrow.  We will not be silenced next week. We will not be silenced next month.  We will not be silenced next year. We will not be silenced this decade.  We will not be silenced this century. You will never ever silence us.   We will always do what is right. We will always fight for the  Constitution, fight to defend democracy, fight for freedom, expose  extremism, and continue America's long, necessary, and majestic march  toward a more perfect Union.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' against this phony,  fake, and fraudulent censure resolution.   