 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to speak for 5 minutes and that Senator Stabenow be permitted  to speak for 5 minutes prior to the scheduled votes.    Mr. President, it is good to see you, and it is good to  see my colleague John Cornyn here in the Senate today, all the pages,  and folks who came back to go to work. There is a lot of work to do.   One of the first items of business before us is a critical  nomination, a nomination for the Department of Agriculture--and not  just any job at the Department of Agriculture but the No. 2 job, the  Deputy Secretary of Agriculture.   The person who has been nominated is a woman who serves currently as  the Under Secretary at the Department of Agriculture, and she has been  nominated to be the Deputy Secretary for the Department. She has a hard  name to pronounce, and it is a name I have never seen before. It sounds  something like this: So-cheel, like S-O, cheel, like C-H-E-E-L. You  look at it down on paper, and you say: How would you pronounce that  name? That is the way to pronounce it.   But the rest of her name is Torres Small. She is somebody I have  known  [[Page S2297]]  for a relatively brief period of time. You know who knows her really  well? It is a guy who used to serve with us for many years, a Senator  from New Mexico, Tom Udall. In fact, as I recall, I think she actually  worked for Tom Udall when he was a U.S. Senator.    Agriculture is a hugely important part of our economy in Delaware. I  see Senator Stabenow is going to speak immediately after me. I know it  is hugely important in Michigan. As she is the chairman of the Ag  Committee, she knows that much better than I do.   The Department of Agriculture, the No. 2 job--huge industry,  important in every State in our country. This is a big deal. This is a  big deal. As it turns out, the administration has given us a terrific  nominee.   The Department of Agriculture plays a critical role in ensuring that  people from every corner of this country have something to eat-- hopefully, something nutritious to eat--and also helps us with respect  to farming and farming agriculture and farming economy, public health,  broadband, and a whole lot more.   And the role of the Deputy Secretary of the Department is a big deal,  a very big deal. It requires someone who is diligent. It requires  someone who is sharp. It requires someone who ultimately understands  the Department. It is a big department. It requires someone who is  diligent, and I know that Under Secretary Torres Small possesses all of  those qualities and a whole lot more. In her current position as the  Under Secretary of Agriculture for Rural Development, she has been  involved with every function of the Department, including overseeing  the deployment of $2 billion for rural broadband that was secured in  the bipartisan infrastructure law that we passed here by almost a  unanimous vote more than a year ago.   This month, we saw States across our country receive this significant  funding to expand broadband access for literally millions of people in  many parts of our Nation--rural parts of our Nation--including  Delaware's own Sussex County, one of the largest counties in the  country. We only have three counties in Delaware. The second largest is  Sussex. It is one of the top counties in the country for growing corn  and soybeans, and it is one of the top counties in the country for  growing chickens. We have, in Delaware, over 200 chickens for every  person. So it is a big deal for us, big deal for us.   Prior to serving at the Department of Agriculture, Under Secretary  Torres Small has had a history of serving her country. She was a U.S.  Representative for New Mexico's Second Congressional District, where  she grew up as--get this--a granddaughter of farmworkers.   As a U.S. Representative, she served as a member of the House  Agriculture Committee, among other committees, and previously spent  time on the ground in New Mexico, as I mentioned earlier, as a field  rep for our old friend and colleague Senator Tom Udall, who is now the  U.S. Ambassador to New Zealand.   I talked to him about a month ago, and, I say to Senator Stabenow, he  thinks he has the best job on the planet. If the Senator talked to him,  she will know what I mean.   But Xochitl is also an accomplished attorney, practicing water and  natural resources law, and served as a former clerk in the U.S.  District Court for a fellow named Judge Robert C. Brack. All these  experiences help make her well suited to take on the role of Deputy  Secretary because I know that she understands our Nation and  understands this on a human level as well.   That was made especially clear during her nomination hearing. Under  Secretary Torres Small spoke of her goals to better communicate through  the role of the Department across our country so that programs are  deployed more efficiently, more effectively, more humanely. She also  highlighted how she will work to support underserved producers and  small farmers by raising awareness of the Federal resources that they  may be eligible for.   So, in closing, before yielding to Senator Stabenow, I strongly urge  our colleagues to confirm Under Secretary Xochitl Torres Small as the  Deputy Secretary for the Department of Agriculture. She will make us  proud. She will make New Mexico proud. She will make our country proud.   With that, I will just stop talking and yield the floor to Senator  Stabenow.   