 Mr. President, I ask consent that the vote begin  immediately.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to highlight a historic  moment which will help millions of older Americans and families access  affordable prescription drugs.   For too long, U.S. families have paid the highest prices compared to  other countries, often leading millions of Americans to leave their  pharmacy counter emptyhanded. With the passage and implementation of  the Inflation Reduction Act under President Biden's leadership,  Democrats are answering the call of the American people for affordable,  accessible prescription drugs.   No one should have to go into debt to buy the prescription drugs they  need to live a healthy, productive life. Yet this is a dilemma many  families in the United States face. Twenty-nine percent of Americans  either cannot afford their prescription drugs or are rationing them,  and the United States stands alone in this among our developed-nation  peers.   The United States spends about $600 billion annually on prescription  drugs. In 2019, the latest year in which internationally comparable  data from OECD is available, the United States spent over $1,100 per  capita on prescription medicines. When you compare that to the other  OECD countries, it is twice as much.   Getting worse, by 2021 the United States spent over $1,400 per capita  on prescription drugs. Americans and Marylanders are struggling to pay  for their prescription medications, and it is long past time for  Congress to take decisive action to deal with this issue.   Prescription drugs have been lifesaving for millions, but if they are  unaffordable, then their benefit is lost. High prescription drug prices  drive health inequities that we are fighting to eradicate since groups  in fair or poor health struggle to afford their medications.   U.S. prescription drug prices are set through a complicated process  by manufacturers, pharmaceutical benefit  [[Page S4645]]  managers, and payers. Prices are often disconnected from the health  impacts of the products being purchased. Opponents of addressing the  high prescription drug prices claim that more affordable prices will  come at the expense of innovation.   I must tell you, I disagree with that, and research also tells us  that is just not true. To ensure access to innovative treatments and  prescriptions, the U.S. Government, thanks to the U.S. taxpayer, makes  significant investments in biomedical research. No greater example of  this investment is the National Institutes of Health, located in my  home State of Maryland, which is the world's largest government funder  of biomedical research. Almost all drugs rely on NIH-supported basic  science in their development, and the returns on these investments are  very high. We have doubled down on this in the CHIPS and Science bill,  putting more money into basic biomedical research.   Researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have found  that each $125 million NIH grant leads to $375 million--that is a 3-to- 1 ratio--more in private market value, 33 more patents, and 1 new drug.   Another study estimated that the rate of return on NIH investments is  43 percent and that each dollar of NIH funding leads to an additional  $8.40 in private research and development spending. These are great  public investments, and it is leading to innovation. It is leading to  development of new drugs.   Further, the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business  Technology Transfer Programs also support innovation. Known as the  SBIR/STTR Programs, they currently are the largest U.S. Federal  Government programs supporting small businesses to conduct research and  development. This is just another example of government-supported  research that is inspiring new innovation and discovery.   SBIR began in 1982 and currently requires that each Federal Agency  spending more than $100 million annually on external research set aside  3.2 percent of these funds for awards to small businesses. SBIR is very  selective, with only about 22 percent of the applicants receiving  funding. For many small businesses, the SBIR ``serves as the first  place many entrepreneurs involved in technological innovation go to for  funding.''   Through the SBIR/STTR Programs, NIH supports drug innovation by  setting aside more than 3.2 percent of its overall intramural research  and development budget, specifically to support early-stage small  businesses throughout our Nation. Many companies leverage this NIH  funding to attract the partners and investors needed to take innovation  to the market.   I have the honor of chairing the Small Business Committee here in the  U.S. Senate, and I can tell you the small businesses are the innovators  of America. They are the ones coming up with new discoveries.   Thanks to this government program and thanks to these government- supported partnerships, our small companies are leading in biomedical  developments. And, I must tell you, thanks to small businesses, they  are also growth engines for jobs in America.   For example, Amgen, which was founded in 1980, received an SBIR  investment in 1986 as a small company. Today, it is a multinational  biopharmaceutical company with over 20,000 employees. That is creating  jobs--good jobs--here for Americans.   Despite these significant taxpayer investments, prescription drugs  are often priced at levels that limit access to lifesaving drugs,  particularly among those who are underinsured or uninsured. Even after  accounting for the costs and risks of R&D, evidence shows that the  returns on new products exceed the normal rates of return.    For years, Congress has been working on commonsense solutions to  increase access to affordable prescription medications, reducing costs  for patients and taxpayers. Finally, last year, under President Biden's  leadership, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act. This historic  law removed a decades-old restriction on Medicare negotiating directly  for the price of prescription drugs, finally empowering Medicare to get  older Americans the best prices for their prescription drugs.   In the private sector, no plan sponsor or manager would ever accept  responsibility without the ability to decide how to negotiate. No  private sector company would parcel themselves out in order to  negotiate. They would use their full size as their market force. That  is exactly what we did in the Inflation Reduction Act to allow Medicare  to negotiate using its full market force to bring down the costs of  prescription medicines for those under the Medicare system.   It should have been done originally. We got it done in the Inflation  Reduction Act. Medicare negotiations will ensure that patients with  Medicare get the best possible price on high-priced drugs.   Three weeks ago, the Biden-Harris administration announced the first  10 drugs that will be part of the first round of negotiation. This  historic occasion is the culmination of decades of efforts by Democrats  to make prescription drugs more affordable and accessible to Medicare  beneficiaries. The 10 drugs chosen for negotiation are taken by 10  million older Americans, representing about $50 billion in annual  spending. They are used to treat conditions including blood clots,  diabetes, cancer, heart failure, and rheumatoid arthritis.   Another policy included in the Inflation Reduction Act is to increase  prescription drug affordability by capping Medicare patients' out-of- pocket costs at $3,000 in just a couple months and then lowering to  $2,000 beginning in 2025. This policy will save Medicare beneficiaries  from paying tens of thousands of dollars to purchase lifesaving drugs  prescribed by their doctors.   And there is more good news. As of this year, vaccines are free in  Medicare, insulin is capped at $35 a month, and drug companies are  penalized if they raise prices faster than inflation.   All of these policies will make U.S. prescription drugs more  affordable for individuals and families who desperately need them.  Democrats worked together to pass the Inflation Reduction Act and to  make these policies a reality.   Today, I celebrate the progress we have made, and I urge all of my  Senate colleagues to join in our efforts to continue making progress  and leading the world in developing new drugs to improve health  outcomes and to make these drugs affordable to our constituents and  lower the costs to the taxpayers of this country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   