 Mr. President, each year during Police Week, we honor the  law enforcement officials who make the ultimate sacrifice in service to  their communities, to our State, and to our country.   This year, we will add the names of five Ohioans to the National Law  Enforcement Memorial, all who laid their lives down last year: Deputy  Sheriff Daniel Kin, Deputy Sheriff Matthew Eugene Yates, Police Officer  Dominic Francis, Agent John Dale Stayrook, Deputy Sheriff Terrence  Nicholas Bate.   Sadly, we already know of one more name that will be added to the  memorial next year: Officer Timothy James Unwin III of the Springfield  Township Police Department.   Each one of these losses is a tragedy for a family, for a community,  for their fellow officers. These Ohioans' lives are a reminder of the  ideals we should strive for. We need officers who are true public  servants in the best sense of the word, people who give themselves to  their communities. And these Ohioans gave so much.   In their memory, I want to reminisce for a moment about each of them  and tell my colleagues why this is so important and who these public  servants were.   Deputy Sheriff Daniel J. Kin was a devoted husband and father to two  young children. He was known for his easygoing personality and being a  colleague and friend whom everyone could count on.    Deputy Kin was a Sandusky native--a community on Lake Erie--and  helped his father run their family farm in his free time. He gave his  life while serving as deputy sheriff at the Wyandot County Sheriff's  Office.   Deputy Matthew Eugene Yates served his community for 15 years at the  Clark County Sheriff's Office as a member of their special operations  team. His colleagues remember Deputy Yates for his joy but also his  strength and his bravery. He mentored younger deputies and children in  their community.   Our thoughts are with his wife, his daughter, his stepsons, and his  father, who also served in the Clark County Sheriff's Office--a long  history of public service in that family.   Police Officer Dominic M. Francis grew up in Bluffton, OH, and  returned home to join the Bluffton Police Department after playing  football at the University of Findlay and serving at the Findlay Police  Department and the Hancock County Sheriff's Office. Officer Francis  received the Officer of the Year award twice, multiple letters of  commendation, the Chief's Leadership Award, and the Bluffton Police  Department Lifesaving Award. He was honored by Mothers Against Drunk  Drivers as Top Cop and earned the Ohio EMS Star of Life multiple times.  He loved spending time with his wife and two children at Indian Lake  and served in law enforcement for 19 years.   In honor of his memory, a portion of I-95 that runs near Bluffton has  been renamed the ``Officer Dominic Francis Memorial Highway.''   Agent John Dale Stayrook was a dedicated husband, father, and  grandfather and devoted to the communities he served. He worked with  the Medina County Drug Task Force, Northeast Ohio, and the Medway Drug  Enforcement Agency, serving for 19 years. He enjoyed woodworking and  spending time in nature with his family and his friends.   In February 2022, Agent Stayrook passed away after contracting COVID- 19 in the line of duty.   Deputy Terrance Nicholas Bateman was a Cleveland native and--it is  difficult--often a Cleveland sports fan who served with Franklin County  Sheriff's Office for 25 years. Deputy Sheriff Bateman was well- respected and adored in his community. He supported his colleagues and  always had a kind word to offer. He loved cooking for family and  friends--his wife, his five daughters, and two sons and two brothers.   We can't begin to repay the debt we owe these officers and all these  families, but we can work to protect more  [[Page S1642]]  officers in the communities they swear an oath to serve. That is why I  am working with colleagues of both parties on legislation to support  law enforcement as they do their jobs. I am joined by Arkansas  Republican Senator Cotton to reintroduce our Protecting First  Responders from Secondary Exposure Act to protect first responders when  they encounter dangerous substances like fentanyl on the job. We  introduced the Providing Officers With Electronic Resources Act to help  State and local law enforcement organizations secure high-tech,  portable screening devices to detect fentanyl--similar equipment and  detection devices that our men and women serving us at the border have.   Our law enforcement officers are on the frontlines of the addiction  crisis. They are dealing with evermore dangerous forms of fentanyl on  the job. It is why I work with Members of both parties on a plan to  target the illicit fentanyl supply chain, from the chemical suppliers  in China to the cartels that transport the drugs in Mexico.   I am pleased the Presiding Officer today is someone who has great  expertise in that, representing his State of New Mexico in that part of  the world.   I will keep fighting to make sure police officers can retire with  dignity. My bipartisan Social Security Fairness Act will ensure that  Social Security benefits will be there when officers retire from a life  of dedicated service--officers who pay into the State retirement system  but also paid into Social Security.   I will work to ensure first responders have the support they need to  cope with stresses of responding to crisis situations.   This Police Week, let's offer law enforcement officials and public  servants more than empty words. Let's honor the memory of these women  and men who laid down their lives and served their communities by  getting their fellow officers the tools and training they need to do  their jobs and to build trust with communities they are sworn to  protect.   I yield the floor.   