 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the opportunity and  would just tell the body and everybody listening: Not since World War  II, and that crisis that our country had to deal with, has the cause of  socialism and Big Government been advanced more than during the  declaration of this national emergency.   People might disagree with me, but let me make it real for you. The  Federal Government and State governments used this national emergency  to stop people from working in their businesses, stop their businesses  cold and force them to inject something into their body if they wanted  to go to work, if they wanted to go to school, if they wanted to  travel. If that is not Big Government and oppression, I am not sure  what is.   People say, well, what does it matter?   Well, there are more than 120 special statutory authorities granted  to the administration that are now going to go away. Everybody says:  Well, he is going to do it on May 11. Well, he said last September he  was going to do it then.   What is taking so long?   The rest of the country knows that the pandemic is over, and they  know that the national emergency should be over, as well. They know  that part of the 122 special statutory authorities includes allowing  the President to suspend a prohibition on testing chemical and  biological substances on unwitting human subjects--think about that--or  allowing the President to shut down or take over radio stations or  freeze any asset or financial transaction.   Indeed, the pandemic is over. The President announced it last  September. The Senate, just in November, just a couple months ago,  voted to end it overwhelmingly.    For anybody that is concerned about title 42, the statute governing  title 42 does not make any mention of the emergency declaration.   It needs to be ended. It needs to be ended now. Americans need to be  free and not oppressed by this Federal Government and these  extraordinary powers that have advanced the cause of socialism like no  other time in our history.   