 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address something that I  keep hearing from my constituents, and quite frankly, is the top issue  on people's minds all across the entire country: The situation at the  border.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to have several Members join me for this  Special Order hour to speak about this issue.   Mr. Speaker, whatever angle you look at this, this is something that  is considered a crisis.   Whether you are looking at the national security implications;  whether you are looking at the lack of order at the actual border;  whether you are looking at what our agents in our offices are going  through; whether you look at the disrespect for the rule of law and the  abuse in the asylum system; whether you look also at the humanitarian  crisis and what women and children are going through as they are  getting trafficked--as we all know, the report of missing children  within the care of the State, over 85,000--there is no upside to this  crisis. There doesn't seem to be a turnaround of this situation either.   Mr. Speaker, I will be addressing my colleagues in the House today  quite extensively about this issue because it is, again, something that  has been top of mind for us.   It is not a new subject. It is not a new issue. It is something that  we have seen continue to get worse and worse as the months and the  weeks, and actually the years, have gone by. This administration has  lost complete control, if at any point they had any, of the border.   This wasn't the case just 2\1/2\, 3 years ago. So when we talk about  the policies that can actually work, we are not talking about in  theory. We are not imagining that this could work. We actually can  point to successes that we had as a country in controlling the  situation at the border.   Now, I will be talking about this in a little bit as well, but I am  an immigrant myself. I have gone through the process, and I will be  digging a little deeper on that. I can tell you, having gone through  this process, I understand how broke the system is and how much  improvement it needs in a lot of areas.   However, abusing the system the way it has been abused is not good  for anyone. It is not good for our country, not good for the order of  our country, and not good for the migrants themselves either.   It is also not good for those that have been waiting in line to have  their turn at this shot of the American Dream that I have enjoyed. I  want many others to do so as well, as they follow the system that we  have put in place that--I will repeat--needs fixing and improving.   However, the numbers that we are seeing at the border, the data on  the crime and the crossings, are unprecedented, as the chief of the  Tucson sector, which is now the busiest sector in terms of encounters  in the entire country, described it not too long ago.   He said: Before I called it unprecedented. Now I don't have an  adjective to describe what the situation is now.   Mr. Speaker, just about 10 days ago when the week closed, it was  reported that 17,500 encounters had happened in the Tucson sector  alone. Before a couple thousand a week was an alarming number, and even  borderline crisis, now we are looking at 3,000 or so a day on some  days.   These are unsustainable numbers, and it is not trending in the right  direction.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to have some of my colleagues join me in  addressing this topic on today's Special Order.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Rutherford),  a former sheriff that has experience in battling crime and fighting for  law and order.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend being here and  speaking so passionately and also from experience on this, both  personally and professionally, as we just heard.   This is exactly what the issue here is. It is the need for  partnership and bipartisanship on this issue. This is not a  [[Page H6976]]  partisan issue. I think that we can all see that. Some have tried to  make it a partisan issue, and it is really not.   What Mr. Rutherford just explained is exactly the nature of the  problem. Both sides should be equally concerned about this issue, both  sides of the aisle.   I know that is for sure the case at home. At home, you don't see  partisan division around this issue. I hear from mayors that are  Democrats and mayors that are Republicans. I hear from county  supervisors that are Republicans and county supervisors that are  Democrats. They are both equally concerned with the situation because  we are dealing with it on the ground.   That is exactly why, in my district in Arizona's Sixth Congressional  District, we get it. We know what the solutions are. That is an  enforcement of the current laws, and as was described, the measures in  H.R. 2 that need to be adopted.   These are the kind of policy changes that we need. It is not just all  about resources. Resources are definitely a part of the solution, but  resources without the proper policy changes and the proper policy  enforcement will be an incomplete solution to the problem.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. Valadao).    Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Valadao for his  words.   Obviously, California is a border State as well, but we heard from  Florida and Arizona. This is a top issue. As I was mentioning at the  beginning of my remarks, this is the number one issue of our  constituents and it should be. This is something that is impacting us  every day, and it is something that has been getting worse and worse.   It is not just in my district. My district, the Sixth Congressional  District, is a border district, and we know that is obviously impacted.  There are other border areas, even outside of my district, where  migrants are being released on a daily basis, up in the hundreds. This  is something that alarms the community and is something that needs to  be fixed.   Let's understand something. Arizona, like Texas and California, have  clearly experienced living and breathing and existing and collaborating  and prospering with our neighbors to the south. This is something that  is part of our culture, part of who we are.   Although the border has never been perfect, and no one is claiming  that it has been, it has never been as open as it is today and has  never been described as a crisis at the level that it is now.    That is why it is concerning to all of us living there, because we  have seen it deteriorate and get worse by the day. In the last 2 years,  we have seen examples of records broken that we never thought would be  broken in terms of apprehensions and also the amount of drugs coming  in, specifically through our ports of entry.   When the Biden administration has gotten involved, like they did  about 10 days ago, it was to close a port of entry. Well, the results  of closing that port of entry have been nonpositive ones, given that  the legal traffic has stopped while the illegal traffic continues to  not only happen but increase while people are no longer able to cross  for legal purposes. That is a problem, and that is another sign of the  administration missing the mark on this.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Biggs), my  colleague and neighbor up north, someone who has been fighting for  these issues longer than most, even in Arizona, in public office.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Biggs for his words and his  work on this.   As we close today's session, I will reemphasize something that I said  at the beginning. This crisis, as much as we talk about this, and it is  absolutely true on the national security side, on the risk, and all the  issues that I mentioned, I absolutely believe that the Biden  administration has utterly failed. We square up the responsibility for  failing at the border on the President and his team, for sure.   This is also something that is a humanitarian crisis. We have  children who are being trafficked. In a lot of cases, as described,  they are recycled through when they cross. They get sent back and then  keep getting recycled through.   They are abusing the laws that protect adults and treat them  differently when they are carrying with them children, minors,  specifically tender age children, which would be 12 and under.   These issues are real. The New York Times published a story where  they reported that there were over 85,000 minors missing in our country  who had been smuggled into the United States. There was no way to track  them. The Federal Government had lost track of them.   Mr. Speaker, I am a dad of six. I am an immigrant myself. When I look  at that, it angers me. As a father, it angers me. As an immigrant, it  angers me. There is no reason that our government should have lost  track of these children. This crisis affects kids and women and  everyone being trafficked, as well.   Mr. Speaker, I will take this opportunity to thank our Border Patrol  agents who have continually put their lives on the line--the different  organizations and, obviously, the rank and file, those men and women  who are on the front line, the officers and everyone involved in this  job. It is a thankless job.   They are seeing the worst impact ever with the least support that  they have ever had. We need to make sure that we have their backs. I  want them to know that we have their backs.   One of the last things that I want to say is that this is not going  to be a complaining session. This is not a session where we highlight  and add light to the failures of the administration and complain about  that. That is something that we need to be stronger on and to voice.   I have been offering solutions. We have been offering solutions. We  have been writing letters to the Secretary, demanding answers for the  closure of the port of entry, working on a bipartisan basis, and  calling the National Guard to the border so they can be activated by  this administration. We have also offered different bills that would  address the criminal aspect of what is happening at the border.   I believe we need to secure our border now. The time is now to do  that. I also agree that immigration reform is needed. Asylum process  updating is needed, as well. All this can be done and should be done.  This should be the number one priority that we have.   Mr. Speaker, I am committed to making that happen in my time here in  Congress. In my first year, this continues to be my issue.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for listening. I thank my  colleagues for participating. I thank my colleagues for a partnership  to protect the border, protect our communities, and make sure that  everyone has a shot at the American Dream, the way that our system has  been created for people to do so.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  [[Page H6978]]    