 Mr. President, I am back again, seeking unanimous consent  for the passage of my FREEBIRD Act.   Now, previously, my request for unanimous consent was met with an  objection, an objection on the grounds that we are still in the midst  of a public health emergency.   It was obviated. This unanimous consent request was objected to on  the grounds that if we were going to do this, we should end the vaccine  requirement for foreign travelers and the public health emergency at  the same time, in the words of the objector, to make it clean.   Well, just last night, the Senate voted to terminate the COVID-19  pandemic national emergency order. That makes this as clean as it gets.   We have passed this now, and early this morning the White House  announced that the President will be signing that measure--which had  previously been passed by the House--into law. So that is happening  now. That means that this is as clean as it gets. These things would go  out at the same time with a bang--as well they should.   Now, that also means that there is no reason why we shouldn't end  this particular restriction, the restriction on unvaccinated foreign  travelers coming into the United States today.   Now, to those who might think that the Senate passed something last  night that might somehow make it unnecessary to pass the FREEBIRD Act,  make it unnecessary, separately, to enact legislation ending the  foreign traveler vaccine requirement, they are mistaken.   And they are mistaken because those two legal documents--the  proclamation issued by President Trump in 2020 declaring a national  public health emergency and the October 2021 Executive order issued by  President Biden putting in place the foreign traveler vaccine  requirement--are separate things; neither depends on the other. And so  the fact that the public health emergency Executive order is now on its  way out the door, it will be no more in a matter of hours or days,  makes no difference as to this one. This one remains in effect unless  or until it is undone.   So to paraphrase the words of the Member of the Senate from the  Democratic Party who objected to this just a few days ago, we can make  it clean. Now, we should make it clean. In fact, we should make it  clean by getting rid of this just as the other expires.   Now, look, so basic question, right, why does this matter so much?  Why do we care about the fact that we are requiring foreign travelers  to prove that they have been vaccinated prior to entering the United  States? Well, we care, and we should care because it is levying a  really heavy cost on State and local economies and on the American  economy and on American relationships across this country.   Continuing to keep this mandate in place at a time when President  Biden himself has declared that the pandemic is over and is prepared,  apparently, to sign into law legislation passed by both Houses,  officially ending the order declaring the existence of a public health  emergency over COVID, it doesn't make any sense to continue this,  especially at a time when this body has voted and the President's  prepared to sign the other measure.   Look, those who oppose this really are unjustified in what they are  trying to do, especially because they are ignoring the new risk  calculus that is affording Americans a renewed sense of normalcy, much  needed normalcy after 3 years of chaos.   This policy has separated loved ones for far too long. It is time to  end the COVID-19 vaccination requirement for foreign travelers,  prohibit using Federal funds to carry out the requirement, and prevent  the CDC from ordering future COVID-19 vaccine mandates for foreign  travelers. It is costing us too much.   In 2021 alone, Utah visitors, travelers coming into Utah, spent  nearly $11 billion, generating over 130,000 jobs and almost $2 billion  in State and local tax revenue.   Now, look, Utah's tourism sector experienced so much decline during  COVID, particularly during 2020. By 2021, and even more so by today, it  really has recovered quite well, except in one area. We still haven't  recovered, much less made any gains, with regard to foreign visitors to  the State of Utah.   Why? Well, I think a lot of it has to do with this unnecessary,  draconian requirement, a requirement that the developed world no longer  recognizes the need for. We are outliers in the free world for keeping  this in place. But by lifting the vaccine mandate, Utah and  [[Page S1074]]  the United States stand to benefit tremendously from increased  international travel.   Look, it is not just that it is costing us tourism. It is costing us  meaningful connections, connections that enrich and promote our shared  humanity.   Right now, foreign travelers, including family members, including  friends, business relations, and even international sports figures are  being kept off of U.S. soil arbitrarily due to this draconian vaccine  mandate.   Look, right now today, this very moment, we have the opportunity to  reverse course. In fact, the House of Representatives has already  passed this very bill ending the vaccine mandate, and it passed it with  bipartisan support.   Today, we can restore our personal and business relationships, boost  our tourism, not just in Utah but across America, and reengage in the  competitive spirit that brings nations together.   It is time to end this mandate. It is time to join the rest of the  developed and the free world. It is time to free the bird and to pass  the FREEBIRD Act.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 14, H.R. 185; further, that the  Lee substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to;  that the bill as amended be considered read a third time and passed;  and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.     If I can respond very quickly because I know the floor is  backed up, and I know we want to get back on schedule.   First of all, I really appreciate the kind remarks from the Senator  from New Jersey. He is a dear friend. I am a former resident of his  State, and I first heard his name when I lived there about 25 years  ago.   I have always enjoyed working with him, and I appreciate the  dignified manner in which he responded to this request today. He drew  the short stick, and you have got a job to do. I get it.   I do look forward to working with you on this because I suspect you  and I could get to the point where we agree on this. I would love  nothing more than to add you as a cosponsor, but the bottom line is, I  haven't reviewed what Senator Sanders has submitted through Senator  Booker, but I look forward to doing that.   I surmise, based on the summary, that these are relying on certain  experts, some of the same experts who have given some phenomenally bad  advice, much of which turned out to be wrong; the same experts who told  us it didn't leak from a lab; the same experts who told us that it  wouldn't spread among the vaccinated; the same experts who have told us  that we should have to mask 2-year-old children when getting on a  plane; that there would be no adverse consequences from sending  children to school during COVID and that it was absolutely necessary  and apparent to do so--some of the same experts who tell us to  vaccinate young children, sometimes infants, with this particular  vaccine.   So I have great reluctance to defer to those same experts, when  especially--especially considering the fact that even though some of  those very same experts are telling us not to end the public health  emergency, we have now  [[Page S1075]]  done so, and President Biden is going to sign that into law.   Let's end the madness of deference to experts who have been proven  time and time again to be wrong.   