 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this past March, the inspector general of  the General Services Administration issued a report into the identity  verification and validation service Login.gov.   Login.gov is managed by the Technology Transformation Service within  GSA and was built by a group called 18F, which lies within TTS and  describes itself as a technology design consultancy for the U.S.  Government.   Login.gov was intended to provide the public with a single website  through which they can access digital services with a single username  and password.   For agencies, it is supposed to ensure persons trying to access  services are who they claim to be so that security and convenience are  met.   What could go wrong? Well, the March IG report that I will include in  the Record detailed how employees at Login.gov knowingly misrepresented  the level of security they provided to their clients within the  government. It even billed agency clients over $10 million for services  that they did not provide and for products that did not exist. Without  getting too technical, Login.gov claimed that it offered a level of  security that included biometric comparisons for applicants.   I realize there had been and still are concerns about the biometric  comparisons returning false positives within  [[Page H5641]]  certain ethnic groups, but if there were these concerns, the proper way  to deal with the situation was not to lie and say you provided a  service that you did not, in fact, provide.   When the IG report came out, the House Committee on Oversight and  Accountability, which I was the chairman of at the time, held hearings  into fraud in Federal programs. We heard how taxpayers had lost  hundreds of billions of dollars to bad actors from the IRS, and a  central tactic in such fraud was identity theft, which is at the very  heart of what the 18F group is about.   Here we have a Federal entity marketing a service to Federal  customers that is intended to assure identity, but that Federal entity  is not telling the truth.   Mr. Chair, this amendment targets 18F. Why 18F and not Login.gov  itself? Because since its inception in 2014, in the wake of the  healthcare.gov debacle, trouble has followed 18F around. It was  envisioned to be a tech-savvy group within the Federal Government that  would bring a startup mentality and a high level of competence to help  usher Federal agencies into the digital age. In practice, it has been  more like a group run amok, a group run amok that intended to deceive  people about what they were doing.   In 2016, the IG issued a report describing how 18F had run up a  deficit of $31 million between 2014 and the third quarter of 2016, even  though it was supposed to generate enough revenue to cover its costs.   In 2017, the IG issued another report describing how 18F routinely  circumvented fundamental security policies and guidelines established  by our government.   In the 2023 report on Login.gov, the IG reported that despite the  concerns raised in the two previous reports, the culture of 18F and its  parent group, TTS, was still a problem. One Federal tech executive is  quoted as saying about 18F that they came in to solve one problem and  created two different problems.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment takes care of 18F by not allowing them to  be funded. 18F has been in operation for over a decade, leaving a trail  of expensive problems and questionable value.   The Committee on Oversight held a hearing on this. It was a  bipartisan hearing. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle had an  opportunity to talk about this, and we came up with this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   