 Mr. Chair, I rise today to lend my voice in  support of H.R. 1.   President Biden declared war on American energy the day he took  office. In fact, he blocked the Keystone XL pipeline that would have  yielded 800,000 barrels of oil per day and created 33,000 American  jobs.   In an ominous sign of his policies to come, he put America last and  approved the Nord Stream 2 pipeline to benefit Russia.   The Biden administration also illegally halted all onshore oil and  gas lease sales, crushing the energy market and driving up costs.   American families didn't sign up for or vote for higher energy costs,  but that is exactly what the Biden administration has delivered.   In fact, the price of gas reached $5 a gallon just last summer, for  the first time in U.S. history. This Lower Energy Costs Act will help  restore American energy independence and decrease Biden's harmful  regulatory burdens.   In fact, this bill repeals the natural gas tax imposed by the  inflation increase act. It stops President Biden from imposing a ban on  fracking. It streamlines the Federal permitting process and allows  drilling on Federal lands.   It rolls back a $27 billion green slush fund. It gets rid of many  other green fees imposed by the inflation increase act.   It ends the moratorium on new coal leasing and helps end dependence  on foreign countries for vital energy.   We don't need to go to China or Saudi Arabia for our energy needs.  Our country has all that we need right here, put in the ground for us  by the Lord above.   H.R. 1 will finally allow energy producers to realize their full  potential by ridding them of unnecessary and onerous permitting  processes that take years to navigate.   This bill is a step in the right direction to reduce the regulatory  burden and reignite American energy independence, which is so vital for  our economy.   I thank my Republican friends for prioritizing this important issue  in this new Congress, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this  bill.   