 Mr. President, I rise today to speak to a particular  problem in America's higher education system, a problem borne of  unfairness and of mass subsidy from the American taxpayer. It has now  metastasized into one of the most corrupt and one of the most  politically active and politically hostile organizations in the United  States of America, and that is elite colleges.   A lot of us have watched not just since the October 7 attacks on  Israel but for over a decade as America's colleges seem less and less  interested in education and more and more interested in teaching things  like racial hatred and various forms of far-left ideology.   A lot of us ask ourselves: How is this possible? How is it that  universities that should be responsive to the public will, responsive  to their donors and alumnae, and responsive to their students--how is  it that they can go so far, so fast, without any pushback?   The answer, my fellow Americans, is university endowments, which have  grown incredibly large on the backs of subsidies from the taxpayers,  and they have made these universities completely independent of any  political, financial, or other pressure. That is why the university  system in this country has gone so insane.   At just three universities--Harvard, MIT, and Penn--the endowments  are approaching $100 billion. That is as large as some of the largest  hedge funds in America. In fact, Harvard, Penn, Yale--many of our Ivy  League institutions and others beyond that--are little more than hedge  funds with universities attached to them as pretend.   This must stop. It must stop because it has enabled political  insanity. It must stop because it has burdened an entire generation of  Americans with over $1 trillion of student debt--student debt relief  that many of my friends on the other side would like plumbers in Ohio  to pay for. But I think, if the universities have caused the problem,  they ought to pay for it, and if they paid for it, if they didn't have  these massive endowments subsidized by taxpayers, then maybe they would  be a little bit more responsive to the public will in the process.   I have advanced legislation that would do something very simple: take  the hundreds of billions of dollars in large university endowments--not  even all university endowments, just the largest university  endowments--and apply a tax to them. Right now, they pay a tax that is  less than 2 percent on their net income--far lower than many of the  working-class members of my own family and far lower than most  Americans pay in taxes.   Why is it that we allow these massive hedge funds pretending to be  universities to enjoy lower tax rates than most of our citizens--people  who are struggling to put food on the table and buy Christmas presents  this season? Yet they enjoy a far higher tax rate than these university  endowments. It is insane, it is unfair, and I think we ought to fix it  in this Chamber.   My friends on the other side will often talk about how the wealthy  don't pay their fair share in taxes. If the wealthy don't pay their  fair share in taxes, there is no institution in this country that is a  bigger offender than these massive endowments that pay almost nothing.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 3514,  which is at the desk. I further ask that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.   