 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Buck for doing this and  putting this together.   Blatant attacks on conservative speech are truly nothing new. First,  the left and Big Tech removed a sitting President from social media  platforms. Imagine that: a sitting President removed.   Then Big Tech companies deemed conservative views on COVID  ``misinformation'' and removed sitting Members of Congress from  Twitter. Then these same Big Tech companies deemed the Hunter Biden  story ``misinformation'' and wiped any mention of it from their  platforms.   Yet, Democrats can freely post that former President Trump was  involved in Russian collusion, despite that being proven a lie.  Democrats in Congress can tweet anti-Semitic rhetoric with no  repercussions from Big Tech or even their own party. It is  unbelievable.   When an outsider of politics came in and took over Twitter, thank  God, Democrats knew they were in a little bit of trouble. They did  everything possible to stop the overhaul of the platform, which  desperately needed to be done. It is because they knew our government  was involved in censoring Americans, censoring American free speech.   Our First Amendment is unequivocally the most important right  afforded to us, the most important right given to us, from our  forefathers. It is a blessing from God.   We teach our children to have a voice. We teach them to stand up for  what they believe in. Yet, this trend being perpetuated by the left  that differing viewpoints should be censored cannot stand.   With DIRECTV making the decision to remove Newsmax, it is essentially  depriving millions of Americans from hearing directly from their  Representatives. It is definitely censorship, and it is departing from  our Nation's, from America's, core principles.   That is why I am standing here. I am standing here, and I am fighting  here for Newsmax on DIRECTV.   It is not just about Newsmax. It is about Americans' right to freedom  of speech. We cannot lose the America, the America that we know and the  America that we love, but we are so painfully close to losing it in so  many ways, and this being the most important way.   We cannot allow the silencing of views. We must foster and encourage  debate in this great country. Everybody should be at the table. All the  issues should be discussed and hammered out.   Whether you are a Democrat, a Republican, or an independent, everyone  deserves a voice. Everyone deserves to be heard. This is America.  Everyone deserves to exercise their First Amendment right without any  interference, without interference from big companies, without  interference from Big Tech, without interference from government. That  is what our Founders intended. That is what America is about. We have  the responsibility to stand up and fight for and love that America.   