 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have  5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert  extraneous material on H.R. 347.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 347, the Reduce Exacerbated  Inflation Negatively Impacting the Nation Act, or REIN IN Act.   This legislation is timely and clearly needed. Sky-high inflation  started sweeping across the Nation soon after the Biden administration  came into power.   Pushing one big-spending policy after another, President Biden has  continued to throw fuel on the inflationary fire. That fire is rapidly  consuming the wages of our constituents. They have had to pay higher  and higher prices for everything from eggs to electricity, all while  inflation pushes their real wages further and further behind.   President Biden just does not seem to get it or admit it. At first,  he and his administration ignored warnings his policies would spark  inflation. Then, they tried to spin the tale that inflation was only  temporary. Then, when it became obvious to everyone that was not the  case, they attempted to claim that a monthly decrease in the rate of  how fast inflation was rising meant inflation was actually falling, but  anyone could see that made no sense.   It is long past time the President learned and admitted more about  how his actions have led to this harmful inflation. That is why we need  this bill.   The REIN IN Act ensures that costly actions the President decides to  take solely under his own authority through executive orders will not  go into effect until he is informed of and considers the potential  inflationary effects.   How does the bill require that? Simple. It requires the President to  receive and consider inflation estimates from the Office of Management  and Budget and the Council of Economic Advisers for each executive  order that is projected to cause an annual gross budgetary effect of at  least $1 billion.   The hope is the President, once he is informed of and understands the  potential for inflationary harm from his own policy initiatives, will  think twice about inflicting such harm. Here is hoping he does.   In addition, the bill requires regular reports to Congress on these  new inflation estimates that are prepared for and considered by the  President. That way, if the President ignores the dangers and marches  ahead with an inflation-inducing policy, Congress will be better  equipped to take timely action to rein in an irresponsible use of  Presidential power.   That is our constitutional role in the legislative branch, which the  REIN IN Act recognizes. This powerful legislative medicine will, I  hope, lead the President to stop his inflationary onslaught on our  economy.   Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this vital  legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New  York (Ms. Stefanik), the sponsor of the bill.    Madam Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from New York.    Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Colorado (Mrs. Boebert).    Madam Chair, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared  to close.    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   This legislation asks every Member to answer two simple questions.   First, do you want the President to know what the inflationary  dangers are before he takes executive actions?   Second, when the President knows about the economic dangers of a  policy and inflicts them on our constituents anyway, do you want to be  better informed so that Congress can take the necessary action to rein  in the executive branch?   The answers to both of those questions ought to be yes. This bill  makes sure both the President and the Congress have the necessary  information so we can discharge our duties more efficiently and  responsibly.   Our constituents back home, who have been suffering from the  inflationary effects of Washington's poorly thought-out policies,  deserve nothing less.   I urge my colleagues to support this much-needed bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my colleague's  amendment, which makes an important improvement to the bill.   The sky-high inflation America is experiencing under the Biden  administration hits hard military families, rural areas, and farm  households. Too often, these vital groups of our constituents get short  shrift in Washington's policy considerations.   My friend's amendment makes sure that will not happen when it comes  to the inflation impact assessments this bill requires.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   My amendment is a manager's amendment to enhance in two ways this  already very good bill.   First, my amendment expands the bill's coverage. Instead of just  covering executive orders with more than $1 billion in annual effect on  the Federal budget, it would also cover executive orders with overall  economic impact on our Nation's economy of $1 billion or more.   We should have inflation-impact assessments for executive orders with  such significant economic effects. One such order, for example, would  surely be Executive Order No. 13992, by which President Biden revoked  President Trump's major regulatory reform orders.   As we all know, President Trump's orders contributed massively to the  booming economy America had during the last administration. Beyond  doubt, their revocation inflicted more than $1 billion of annual harm  on the economy. Their repeal also makes it harder for American  companies to produce a host of goods and services. That will raise  inflation by making those goods and services scarcer and more costly.   Other good examples are Executive Orders Nos. 13990 and 14008. These  are whole-of-government executive orders by President Biden on climate  policy. These orders canceled the Keystone pipeline and launched a host  of high-cost regulatory actions, particularly affecting energy.   Those executive orders surely contributed to the sky-high energy  inflation Americans have experienced under President Biden.   The second way my amendment improves the bill is by requiring the  White House's inflation-impact assessments to be reported not just to  the House and Senate Budget Committees but also to the House Oversight  and Accountability Committee and the Senate Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee. These committees of cross-cutting  jurisdiction should receive these annual reports.   Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support my amendment, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment.   The REIN IN Act already ensures both the President and Congress  receive the inflation impact assessment  [[Page H948]]  the bill requires. My colleague's amendment guarantees another vital  recipient gets these assessments, as well: that recipient is the  American people, who are bearing the brunt of Bidenflation.   Once the White House assessments are posted on the Office of  Management and Budget's website plain as day, as my friend's amendment  requires, the American people will be able to know and judge better for  themselves how the President is impacting their daily lives.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the amendment.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment.   Often when inflation is considered, people fail to consider one of  its important effects. That effect is on how much more it costs  taxpayers to pay interest on our Federal debt. Those interest payments  are high, and they spike higher when interest rates rise.   The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the Federal Government  would pay $400 billion in interest on the Federal debt during fiscal  year 2022. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget projected at  the time that for every 1 percent increase in interest rates, those  annual payments would rise by $38 billion. Remember, that was for  fiscal year 2022, when the Federal debt and interest rates were lower  than they are now.   My colleague's amendment makes sure the impact on the Federal debt  service costs will not be overlooked in the inflation impact  assessments the bill requires.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment.   