 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, first responders at the State, local,  and Federal level continue working around-the-clock helping the people  of East Palestine recover from one of the worst train derailments in  decades.   The scene in East Palestine over the last month has been the stuff of  nightmares: a 38-car derailment; an entire town forced to evacuate; the  stench of industrial chemicals and soot hovering in the air; parents  scared of their kids' drinking water; and kids anxious about life  returning to normal. No community deserves this.   While a full investigation of the derailment has yet to be completed,  the Chair of the National Transportation Safety Board said this  accident was ``100 percent preventable.'' Again, the NTSB Safety Board  Chair said the accident was ``100 percent preventable.''   The fault of this disaster lies first and foremost with Norfolk  Southern. Norfolk Southern's CEO, Alan Shaw, needs to come before the  Senate, answer questions under oath, and explain to the American people  exactly what went wrong and how they will prevent accidents like this  from happening. He should not duck. He should be there. He should come  before the Senate, and we are asking Mr. Shaw to do just that.   The American people should hear from Norfolk Southern's CEO precisely  why they thought it was a good idea to spend years--years--lobbying to  loosen regulations designed to prevent accidents like this. And I  especially want to hear why Norfolk Southern, after seeing a record  $3.3 billion in profits last year, prioritized billions--billions--in  stock buybacks instead of putting that money toward safety and toward  their workers.   Over the past few weeks, there has been no shortage of opportunists  racing to blame the administration for the train derailment. Former  President Trump himself showed up in East Palestine and blamed everyone  but himself for the tragic accident. But President Trump, as usual,  omits a crucial truth: The Trump administration spent years working to  loosen safety regulations intended to make these types of accidents  less likely.   They are in the behest of the big rail companies. When President  Trump entered office, rail companies spent millions to push for repeals  on all sorts of safety regulations, from inspection requirements,  mandates for newer brakes, and rules governing the number of employees  required to operate a train. In one instance, the Trump administration  repealed requirements for an electronic braking system because,  according to them, the safety benefits were simply not worth the costs.   Let me say that again.   In 2017, the Trump administration decided to repeal the requirements  for brake upgrades because they didn't think the safety benefits were  worth the cost. I think the people of East Palestine now know that that  analysis was wrong and that they are suffering the consequences of rail  companies putting profits over people.   Now, I want to be clear: A full investigation is still needed to  determine which, if any, safety regulations might have prevented the  accident in East Palestine, but you don't need to be an expert to see  that, when companies prioritize profits over safety--when they loosen  safety rules, lay off thousands of workers, and spend more money on  stock buybacks than on preventing accidents--you are flirting with  disaster.   It is so typical of Donald Trump. He does the bidding of corporate  special interests and it leads to serious harm to the American people.  And when he gets caught, he turns around and blames someone else. It  just doesn't wash, and the American people see through it. Disasters  like the one in East Palestine are precisely what can happen when  safety takes a backseat to maximizing profits and when self- aggrandizing politicians like Donald Trump allow and encourage it to  happen.   I particularly want to thank my colleagues from Ohio and Pennsylvania  for being vigilant in responding to this disaster and working in a  bipartisan way to solve it.   I also, of course, want to thank all of the first responders at every  level of government for working without rest to keep people safe.   The Senate is going to look into precisely what went wrong in East  Palestine. A good first step will be in hearing directly from Norfolk  Southern's  [[Page S494]]  CEO. I hope he will work with us in good faith and come before the  Senate as soon as possible.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 24.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 35.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 39.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Finally, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 40.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Finally, I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory  quorum calls for the cloture motions filed today, February 27, be  waived.    I yield the floor.   