 Mr. Speaker, I thank my great friend and leader from South  Carolina for yielding time, and I appreciate the Speaker pro tempore  leading us tonight.   Mr. Speaker, 75 years ago, the nation of Israel began anew, and it  was a miracle. It was more than two millennia since Israel existed  after the Romans sacked Jerusalem.    It was a miracle that Israel survived after gaining its independence  in 1948 when all of its neighbors invaded with a goal of erasing the  new Israel off the map.   Israel prevailed then and has many more times when the odds looked  bleak. It is a miracle today that Israel has become one of the  wealthiest economies in the world and a regional power. Israel is a  miracle, and I thank God for it.   One of our previous Presidents said we need light between the United  States and Israel, and today, I say unambiguously that I disagree. I  believe that we should stand shoulder to shoulder with our ally.   We must support the security of Israel. America must stand closely by  Israel when it is surrounded by many adversaries.   We can never forget that, over two millennia, when there was no  Israel, Jews were targeted, abused, and often murdered throughout many  places in the world.   Jewish history will not forget what happened in Kishinev in 1903,  where 49 were murdered and hundreds were injured or raped, or in Odessa  in 1905, where 400 Jews were murdered and 1,600 homes destroyed.   There are many of these barbaric examples, and we must never forget  what happened in the 1930s and 1940s, where half of the Jewish  population in Europe was murdered by the hands of the Nazis.   Israel is a safe haven today for the Jewish people from anywhere in  the world where anti-Semitism and repression exist, and America must  help make this safe haven secure.   In our support of Israel, we make clear the following:   We oppose Iran gaining a nuclear weapon while it threatens to wipe  Israel off the map.   We oppose Iran's terrorism that seeks to murder Israelis and  Americans.  [[Page H2168]]    We condemn the blood money that the Palestinian Authority pays to  those who murder innocent Israelis and visiting tourists.   We oppose the boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement that seeks  to isolate and weaken Israel.   We oppose all forms of anti-Semitism that we see today, and much of  it is cloaked in anti-Zionist rhetoric.   Today, our two countries are allies. It is a win-win relationship  where both countries come out stronger.   Let's remember Israel is the only democracy in the region, and they  share our values. Congratulations to our friends in Israel on their  75th anniversary.   