 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding time.   Mr. Speaker, in short, the pandemic is over. It is time for Federal  employees to go back to the office.   I find it interesting in this debate that one of the things that is  occurring right now is that the President's budget is due next week. We  are in the middle of this calamity around debt ceiling which the  President, by the way, has led us to. His budget is due next week, and  he is telling everybody he needs another month.   I wonder if this is because some of his own budget staff aren't in  the office. This is something that should have been done long ago. If  the President was doing his job being the leader of the executive  branch, those employees would have been back. Since Congress is the  body responsible for appropriating funds to the executive branch and  the President does not do his job of making sure it is working  effectively, then Congress does have a responsibility to make sure that  these employees come back and get back to work. Life has been happening  here in the people's House.   A couple of things: It has already been said about the IRS delays. It  is shocking that right now it takes 2 to 4 months to get assigned an  agent. If you call the IRS, you won't get a call back for 4 weeks.   It is also important to understand that right now it takes 30 days  for USCIS to respond to a Congressional inquiry. There are many  backlogs at the VA; some of them almost 2 years, 197,000 backlogs. How  is that affecting the men and women who have served our country with  honor and with dignity?   Mr. Speaker, this is simple stuff. Most of the American people have  gone back to work. All we are saying is let's go back to pre-pandemic  protocols which does have telework provisions throughout all of the  Federal agencies. It is clear, looking at the backlogs that have  occurred through COVID-19 and continuing, the extended telework  situation in the Federal agencies is not working for the American  people.   Mr. Speaker, my colleagues should be supporting this legislation.  This is good legislation. It will help all of the American people and,  frankly, help the President probably pass his budget on time.   