 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this is my third year serving on the  Senate Ag Committee. This is my first time getting to work on a farm  bill. The farm bill comes around every 5 years. It sets national policy  on agriculture, nutrition, conservation, and forestry.   In less than 2 weeks, at the end of this fiscal year, the current  farm bill will expire.   In 2018, this bill had a pricetag of $867 billion, right--$867  billion 5 years ago, in 2018. Now, we used to think that was a lot of  money, but the upcoming farm bill is almost double that amount at  roughly $1.5 trillion. This is the first trillion-dollar farm bill in  our Nation's history.   The enormous pricetag of the bill is driven by an 84-percent increase  in SNAP, or Federal nutrition assistance, and a 58-percent increase in  conservation programs--in other words, a huge increase in welfare and  climate spending. Most of this new spending does not offer support for  farmers.   The $559 billion increase in SNAP funding was done directly by the  Department of Agriculture through updates to the Thrifty Food Plan. In  other words, nobody in Congress voted for this. The $35 billion in  conservation funding was done through the Inflation Reduction Act of  last year. Democrats are pushing through priorities that cater to  climate activists and lead Americans to become dependent on welfare  benefits. Approximately 82 percent of the upcoming farm bill goes to  SNAP, commonly known as food stamps. Four percent goes to conservation.   Just yesterday, we hit $33 trillion in debt for this country--yes, I  said that--$33 trillion. That will be picked up--this tab--by our  grandkids and their kids.   This graph here, developed by the Farm Bureau Federation, showcases  the enormous increase in nutrition spending and the steady decline of  farm spending over the last 50 years. As you can see, SNAP spending has  almost doubled what it was 5 years ago. How is this even possible? Has  poverty doubled in our country in the last 5 years? Of course, it  hasn't.    The poverty rate has been between 10 and 20 percent during my  lifetime--10 to 20 percent. We spent $20 trillion in the war on  poverty, and we have not even moved the needle. What does that mean?  That means we are not doing our job. All we are doing is we are paying  for somebody else to do it. So it doesn't work.   Yet I never hear my Democratic colleagues consider how we fight  poverty. We just give out money. If my colleagues on the left cared  about poverty, then they would want better results. But nobody wants  better results here. They want votes. Welfare spending--if we would  ever get it in our heads--welfare spending does not lift people out of  poverty. Are we ever going to realize that? It simply makes people more  comfortable remaining in poverty, and that makes it wrong. It makes it  wrong for this body that we continue down this path of poverty and not  helping poverty.   Food stamps are supposed to help people stay afloat while they work  to become self-sufficient, help them get through tough times--not a  free walk in society. It should not be an incentive to stay home other  than to train and want to get a job, but that is exactly what it has  done. Making someone dependent on government is not helping them; it is  hurting them.   The whole purpose of the farm bill is supposed to be to help farmers.  What an idea. Yet $7 out of $8--$7 out of $8 in the farm bill is for  something else. Our farmers depend on crop insurance; commodity  programs such as the Agricultural Risk program--ARC, as we call it--and  price-loss coverage, which is the PLC program; and disaster programs to  help them deal with difficult crop yields, markets, and rising input  costs.   Farmers can't control the weather or the price, and that is the  reason they need help. We have to remember farmers put food on the  table. But there is a lot of people who don't understand that.   These are some of the hardest working people in America, and they  have too little to show for it. Back home in my State of Alabama, I  have heard the struggles facing our row croppers and our specialty crop  producers. They need help to deal with inflation and rising input  costs. Farm production costs have increased--have increased 28 percent  since Joe Biden took office less than 3 years ago. That is  embarrassing. How in the world can we increase prices 28 percent in  this country in 2\1/2\ years and expect the people in this country to  survive, the hard-working people? Farmers included.   Fuel and fertilizer are 60 percent to 130 percent higher than they  were in 2021. Folks, we can't survive with that; but my colleagues on  the left are not even concerned about it--not one bit. We are just  going to cut back on digging oil and gas and buy it from other  countries and charge the heck out of taxpayers in the United States of  America for oil and gas that we can produce here.   Other farm expenses like land, cash rents, labor, and equipment are  all adding up. As a result, net farm income is projected to decrease by  roughly 23 percent this year. Costs are up, incomes are down, and  farmers are struggling to survive.   We are on a direct collision in this country of closing our farmers  out and having to completely depend on other countries for our food and  other things that we eat. Think about that--completely depend on other  countries.   We just found out going through this COVID crisis that we were  completely dependent on other countries for our drugs. We said: We have  got to overcome that. We have got to redo that. Now, we are doing the  same thing to our farmers. We do away with our food, it is over,  because if you think prices are high now, they will be completely a lot  higher than they are now.   The only thing that is keeping our farmers afloat is called the Farm  Safety Net, but the current support levels for title I commodity  programs, like cotton, peanuts, and soybeans, are not high enough to  sustain our farmers over the next 5 years.   In other words, this safety net is a level of pricing. If the price  goes under a certain amount, we help our farmers overcome that cutback  where they can survive. The problem is, that safety net price has not  risen since 2012. And we don't think the prices haven't gone up? We  have lost our minds.   If we don't raise those reference prices--and right now, my  colleagues on the left don't want to raise our reference prices for  farmers--we are going to be buying all of our food and everything we  eat from other countries. It is coming. We have got to raise our  reference prices.   We have got to help out our farmers. These programs and these  reference prices allow farmers to continue clothing, feeding, and  fueling every citizen in this country and a lot of other countries.   Now, we don't need to idly sit by while our hard-working producers  work tirelessly and barely survive under this Joe Biden economy. I ask  my colleagues--I beg my colleagues--on the left to wake up, open your  eyes, and support our farmers and fight for this farm bill. Raise the  reference prices. Help them out. Because if we don't,  [[Page S4571]]  there won't be a need for another farm bill. Our Nation's food security  is going to depend on it, and the lives of all American citizens are  going to depend on it.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   