 Mr. President, on Sunday, October 22, 2023,  more than 2 million Venezuelans around the world made their voices  heard and cast their votes in support of Maria Corina Machado, the  official opposition candidate for the upcoming presidential elections.   These brave Venezuelans participated in this election at great  personal risk but did so united by their dedication to ridding  Venezuela of the brutal oppression brought onto them by Nicolas Maduro  and returning freedom and democracy to their country.   This is a significant moment in the Venezuelan people's fight for  freedom and true representative government--something I have been  fighting alongside them to achieve for years. It is imperative that the  United States stand with them, recognize Maria Corina Machado as  Venezuela's duly elected presidential opposition candidate, and lead  the international community in doing the same.   The National Primary Commission is to be commended for its ability to  successfully organize and carry out the opposition primary election  despite facing numerous obstacles, threats, and attacks from the  illegitimate Maduro regime. The work of the National Primary Commission  advances the cause of freedom in Venezuela and represents the best  interest of its citizens.   It also is in our national security interest and the best interests  of all who strive for peace, liberty, and stability for nations in  Latin America and across the Western Hemisphere to recognize and  support the fundamental role the Commission is carrying out in  Venezuela.   The United States must use this opportunity to put the full weight  and power of our Nation behind the cause of freedom in Venezuela. Our  national security depends on us being strong in this moment. However,  we cannot act from a position of strength while negotiating with a  murderous, dishonest, and tyrannical dictator.    I have been unequivocal in my condemnation of attempts to negotiate  with Nicolas Maduro on any issue beyond how and when he will leave  power.   Recently, I wrote to President Biden urging him to acknowledge this  moment and immediately revise the conditions of sanctions relief that  the administration has recently offered to the Maduro regime. That is  the only way to make clear that Maduro and his thugs, who have  horrifically murdered and oppressed the Venezuelan people for years,  will see no easing of sanctions until free and fair elections are held  and democracy returns to Venezuela and the following conditions are  met:   No. 1. Maria Corina Machado, as the sole Presidential opposition  candidate, should be represented on the opposition delegation of the  Venezuelan-led negotiations in Barbados.   No. 2. Maria Corina Machado is officially allowed to run as the sole  Presidential candidate of opposition in the 2024 Venezuelan  Presidential election.   No. 3. The release of all political prisoners, including all U.S.  citizens, by the illegitimate Maduro regime. It is hard to believe that  we are negotiating with somebody who is holding American citizens.   No. 4. Reputable election observers are allowed to witness the  illegitimate Maduro regime permitting international election observers  from the Organization of American States, the European Union, the  International Republican Institute, and the National Democratic  Institute to ensure that the electoral process is genuinely free, fair,  and transparent.   Finally, No. 5. Recognize the votes of the Venezuelan diaspora in the  2024 Venezuelan Presidential election.   Just a few days after Maria Corina Machado's big win in the 2023  primary elections, we are already seeing Nicolas Maduro, Diosdado  Cabello, Jorge Rodriguez, and their thugs threatening, harassing, and  attacking the National Primary Commission and everyone who voted for  her and the hope she represents. Days after the election, the Maduro  regime's handpicked supreme court declared the suspension of ``all  effects'' of the Venezuelan primaries.   We must all see this for exactly what it is--a clear sign that  Maduro's true intention is to never give up his power or allow freedom  to return to Venezuela.   Lifting sanctions on the illegitimate regime of Nicolas Maduro and  permitting the sale of oil and gas would essentially fund Maduro's 2024  Presidential  [[Page S5735]]  campaign, further empowering the regime, prolonging oppression and  genocide and propping terrorism and narcotrafficking in the region.   President Biden has a historic opportunity to be a part of the  recovery of democracy in Venezuela and to stand up for freedom and  democracy--values that define us as Americans.   I am here today to ask unanimous consent for the passage of a  resolution where the Senate recognizes Maria Corina Machado as  Venezuela's official Presidential opposition candidate and commends her  for standing up against Maduro and leading the charge for freedom and  democracy in Venezuela--that is not easy; condemns efforts by the  illegitimate Maduro regime to prevent Maria Corina Machado, Venezuela's  duly chosen official Presidential opposition candidate, from  participating in Venezuela's Presidential election of 2024; rejects the  illegitimate Maduro regime's efforts to carry out fraudulent  Presidential elections by barring the participation of the opposition  candidate chosen by the Venezuelan voters; demands that the  illegitimate Maduro regime permits election observers from the OAS, the  European Union, the International Republican Institute, and the  National Democratic Institute; calls on the illegitimate Maduro regime  to immediately release all political prisoners, including all U.S.  citizens; denounces efforts by the illegitimate Maduro regime to  persecute members of the National Primary Commission; calls on the U.S.  Government and the international community to institute greater  pressure and tighten sanctions against the illegitimate Maduro regime  in order to restore freedom in Venezuela.   This is common sense, but more importantly, it is the right thing to  do for America's national security and unapologetic support of freedom  and democracy for all people.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Senate in  Spanish.    (English translation of statement made in  Spanish is as follows:)   More than 2 million Venezuelans voted for a change, and Maduro or his  illegitimate supreme court will not change that. Biden and the  international community must recognize Maria Corina as the legitimate  leader of the Venezuelan opposition and work with her to recover  democracy and freedom in Venezuela.   I have been very clear: No deal should be made with Maduro and no  sanctions can be lifted until we know Maria Corina is allowed to run  and the elections are completely free and transparent, not backward.   Mr. President, I am thankful for the support of my colleague from  Florida, Senator Rubio, and the companion resolution being introduced  in the House by Congressman Diaz-Balart.   I urge all my colleagues to adopt this important resolution today.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 486, which is at the  desk. I further ask that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be  agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague for his  comments about the importance of making sure that we get free and fair  elections in Venezuela. It sounds like this is just a procedural issue.  There doesn't appear to be--right now, at least--any issue over the  substance of the resolution.   I look forward to my colleague scheduling a Foreign Relations  Committee markup for this important resolution. Hopefully, we will get  to the point where we have real, free, and fair elections. Hopefully,  we will get to the point where we get these Americans back. Hopefully,  all the things that I think both of us care about are going to happen.   