 Madam President, there are just a couple of points I want  to address. I have been watching in the office; I am not here to make a  motion or anything, but this is an important topic. We don't do this  enough, which is this back-and-forth, so I will be brief.   The first is, this is not a First Amendment issue, because we are not  trying to ban ``booty'' videos. I don't know if there is a better term  for it, but that is not what we are trying to ban. It is not about the  content of the videos that are online, it is about the dangers to the  national security that are presented by the way that this company  functions. And that is what people don't understand and what we owe  people an explanation on.   The reason why TikTok--and all the social media companies, for that  matter--are addictive is two. They collect a tremendous amount of data  on the individual user, not just what you are doing but what you are  doing across the platform, your pictures, everything. They want to  learn from it, but not just because some guy is sitting and reading all  this stuff. They feed it into an algorithm that is powered by  artificial intelligence. It knows you better than you know yourself.  That is why the more you use it, the more attractive the videos become  to you, because they know exactly how your mind works better than you  know how your mind works--at least the algorithm does.   So who owns the algorithm? The algorithm is owned by a company named  ByteDance that is in China. Now, listen, I don't care who owns  ByteDance. I don't care if it is owned 100 percent by Americans.  ByteDance operates out of China. And this is what we need to  understand: There are no such things as private companies in China;  they do not exist.   Under Chinese law, their national security law, their national  intelligence law, every company in China has to do whatever the  Communist Party tells them. So if the Communist Party goes to ByteDance  and says: We want you to use that algorithm to push these videos on  Americans to convince them of whatever, they have to do it. They don't  have an option. They may not want to do it. But ask Jack Ma what  happens, no matter how rich you are, when you don't want to do what the  Communist Party tells you to do. You move to Singapore for a year and  disappear. That is what happens.   OK, so all these people have to respond, and ByteDance has to answer  to whatever they are told. Now this thing about Oracle and the cloud,  it sounds really good, but here's the problem with it: It doesn't  matter where you store the data. You could store the data in my  backyard in a locked safe. No matter what, for TikTok to work, you have  to give the engineers in China access to it because they control the  algorithm.   So it honestly doesn't matter where the data is stored. They still  have to open it up for the engineers at ByteDance in China to look at  it or the algorithm doesn't work; and without the algorithm, there is  no TikTok.   You can't buy the algorithm. Do you know why you can't buy the  algorithm? Because in 2020, the Chinese Government imposed a law that  says it is illegal. You cannot transfer the algorithm out of China.   What made me chuckle last week is when there was this talk of a  forced sale, the Chinese Government says: We will block it. And I am  like, how can the Chinese Government block the sale of a company they  don't control? How can the Chinese Government block the sale of a  company that is not theirs?   The answer is, because under Chinese law, ByteDance cannot do  anything that they are not allowed to do, and that algorithm can be  used against us.   The other one is we will just sell TikTok. Again, TikTok is the name  of this platform in the United States.   I heard an argument made that there is no TikTok in China. There is  an equivalent to TikTok in China; it is  [[Page S1036]]  just not called TikTok. TikTok U.S. is what they call it abroad, but  there is an equivalent that uses the same AI formula and the like. The  difference is that the videos they allow over there are ones that don't  encourage you to choke yourself to death or drink poison or things of  that nature.   But, look, it is not about the content. All of these social media  companies--there is a difference, though. I am not a fan of Facebook  and how they handle things. I am not a fan of any of these social media  companies. But the difference is, whatever they do wrong, they do  because they want to do it. If the U.S. Government goes tomorrow to  Facebook and says: We want you to do X, they will probably say no. They  wouldn't need to listen to us under a law. You can subpoena them for  records through a process that involves courts, but none of that exists  in China. And that is the point that is being missed here.   So last point I want to address: No evidence that they are doing  anything now. You go on the video, you can search this and you can  search that, absolutely. Because they understand that they want to grow  their market share. But I would make the same argument about the  weapons. China has hypersonic missiles. There is no evidence they are  firing them at us today, but why do they have them?    The Soviet Union--and now Russia--has intercontinental ballistic  missiles with nuclear warheads on them. They never fired them on us.  And yet we spend a lot of money making sure they don't and trying to  shoot them down if they do.   Every threat is theoretical until the moment it happens. The truth of  the matter is this: There is this powerful amount of data, a powerful  algorithm entirely controlled at any time they want by the Chinese  Government operating in our country, and there is no other way to  handle this--not the sale of the company, not the storage of the data.  If there was a lesser way to deal with this, I would be for it. But  there isn't.   And that is why since 2019, I have been calling for this to be  banned. There is no other way to get control of this. The dangers it  poses to the country are real. I think before we ban a company that 150  million Americans use, we owe them a better explanation than: Just  trust us; it is bad. I agree with that. And we should be doing more of  it. But be under no illusion--this is a weapon.   And I will close with this: Think about all the people here that were  freaking out because Russia was using bots to influence voters in  America on Twitter, Facebook, what have you. Imagine if Russia owned  Facebook or Twitter. Imagine if there was a law and now it owned them  but told them: You must use it this way. Because that is what we are  facing. That is what we have on our hands here.   And not to mention the millions of small businesses in America that  have grown because of TikTok. They will be hostages in the future to a  Chinese Government that can destroy their business at a moment's notice  unless they can convince their elected officials that America shouldn't  defend Taiwan or that America shouldn't be tough on trade.   However they want to weaponize it, the risk is real. I don't waste my  time going after social media platforms unless it is important. This is  important. I hope we will talk more about it. It deserves the attention  that it is starting to get.   I yield the floor.   