 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Moore for yielding, and I  congratulate him on his new position, as well.   Mr. Speaker, more than 10 million illegal aliens have entered America  under the negligent watch of this administration, which is a number  higher than the individual population of 40 of our 50 States. It is  incredible.   Migrant women and children from every corner of the globe are being  raped and murdered on the dangerous journey to our southern border.  Americans are dying from overdoses of fentanyl and other deadly drugs  that are pouring into our country at an alarming rate from Mexico. Over  100,000 Americans just last year have died of overdoses. In fact,  earlier this month, I spoke with a father from my district who lost his  only son to fentanyl overdose last January.   While these horrible things happen to Americans, my colleagues across  the aisle still dare to call Republicans immoral for wanting to build  and finish the border wall, which is just one commonsense solution that  can be used to eliminate the crisis claiming thousands of lives down at  our southern border.   Instead, they would rather abandon logic and continue to blindly  accept everyone who shows up at our border without properly vetting  them--criminals and all. They think that we should allow illegals to  roam freely across all of our great States because they believe that  one day they will be great voters for them and their party.   To every American I have spoken to, enabling the death of a U.S.  citizen or migrant is, without question, an immorality.   Nevertheless, if the deaths aren't enough to warrant action by  Democrats in Congress and the White House to secure the Nation, then  how about the historic number of suspected terrorists who have been  caught attempting to sneak into our country?   There have been nearly 300 since Biden has taken office, Mr. Speaker,  and you can bet that some, and God only knows how many, made it  successfully into the interior and are planning for another 9/11-style  attack on America. It is a matter of when and not if.   The President knows this, DHS Secretary Mayorkas knows this, and the  Democrats in this sacred Chamber know this as well, and still they do  nothing to stop or even address the worsening border catastrophe that  is plaguing and endangering our Nation.   However, this administration seems to have no qualms whatsoever about  turning the American people into second-class citizens. While law- abiding Americans deal with inflation and high prices, illegal aliens  are given free transportation from the border to the city in America of  their choice, free medical attention when they are hurt or get injured  or are ill, free schooling for their illegal children, and much more.   If that isn't enough of a disgrace, the administration is now using  public schools, airports, and national parks to house illegal aliens  all paid for by the taxpayers' dollars.   What kind of President puts his own people last?   I will tell you, Mr. Speaker. It is President Joe Biden.   It will not be tolerated, which is why I am supporting H.R. 5283, to  prohibit Federal funds from being used to shelter illegals on U.S. land  under the jurisdiction of Federal land management agencies, illegals  whom we should be deporting.   I have been fighting for border security since my very first day in  Congress, and I will not give up until this vital task is accomplished.  This bill is a step in the right direction.   Border security truly is national security, and the property and  safety of U.S. citizens must always come first in my book, if it were  only so with our President and the Democratic Party.   