 Mr. Speaker, with great power comes  great responsibility. We entrust our Department of Justice, FBI, and  intelligence community with great power to keep us safe. And yet, as  long as these agencies have existed, they have violated everyday  Americans' civil rights.   The security state believes itself to be above the Constitution and  the laws passed by Congress, or perhaps the belief is only tacit. It is  aware only of power, not authority--power.   The FBI spied on Frank Sinatra, John Lennon, Dr. Martin Luther King,  Jr., and Muhammad Ali because they were national security threats-- celebrities, but everyday Americans as to their constitutional rights.   The intelligence community abused their power to spy on Presidential  candidates, a sitting President, and Members of Congress and their  staffs.   The FBI continuously coordinated with social media companies to  moderate social content, the public square. So contemptuous and out of  touch are they that when confronted with this just weeks ago, they  said: We were merely engaging with our community partners.   Leading up to the 2020 election, the FBI worked hand in hand with  Twitter and Facebook to silence the Hunter Biden laptop story.  Concealment from everyday Americans. They have continued to censor in  silence criticism of COVID policies and vaccine mandates to the harm of  everyday Americans.   In 2013, the former Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper,  lied to Congress about the NSA collecting data on millions of  Americans. Yet, he has escaped a reckoning.   The NSA spied on groups, including Human Rights Watch, Amnesty  International, and other NGOs. FBI contractors conducted thousands of  searches on NSA databases. The intelligence community spied on  journalists and political opponents in clear violation of the First  Amendment.    That is not just all illegal, it is un- American, and it cannot continue. The government's massive surveillance  apparatus is well-documented, but there is still much more that we do  not know. We owe it to the American people to reveal the rot within our  Federal Government and cut it out so that it can no longer harm  everyday Americans.   Mr. Speaker, today we are putting the deep state on notice: We are  coming for you on behalf of everyday Americans.   