 Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to address the  crisis on our southern border and to say that we have a good  opportunity with the Senate-approved National Defense Authorization  Act. It is a remarkable opportunity for this body to strengthen  homeland security by increasing border security.   Bad actors continue to exploit our porous southern border and to  funnel criminals, fentanyl, and even suspected terrorists into our  country.   Just this week, Customs and Border Patrol released staggering  figures. In this fiscal year, Border Patrol has handled nearly 3  million border encounters--nearly 3 million border encounters.   Of urgent concern is the fact that more and more of those who cross  our borders are terror threats. In this fiscal year, 160 migrants were  found to be on the terror watch list, up from 100 in 2022. A smuggler  with ties to ISIS shepherded a dozen migrants from Uzbekistan across  the border. This alarming incident raises questions about terrorists  gaining access to our country. It also highlights the increasing number  of asylum seekers from Central Asia.   The situation is clearly out of control.   The Senate Armed Services Committee has received testimony suggesting  that our adversaries see our broken border as a strategic advantage.  Russia certainly does. The former Northern Command chief reports that  there are more Kremlin agents in Mexico than in any other country. They  are there because of the open border policies of this administration.  The Chinese Communist Party is also aware of this vulnerability,  constantly looking the other way as Chinese criminal elements sell  fentanyl components to cartels, helping fuel our national drug crisis.   President Biden refuses to act, but Congress will. The good news is  that we have already taken steps to do so. This summer, the Senate  passed our version of the NDAA. We did so on an overwhelmingly  bipartisan basis. In my role as the ranking member of the Senate Armed  Services Committee, I led my colleagues as we crafted a defense bill  that aligns with our current national defense needs.   The bill supports our troops and enhances our warfighting  capabilities. The bill also recognizes the border crisis as the  national security challenge it  [[Page S4743]]  is, and I note that more and more people in the mainstream media on  network news on television--not just the cable shows--our newscasters  are calling this what it is, a border crisis.   In an impressive display of bipartisanship earlier this year, we  passed our legislation with an overwhelming margin of 86 to 11. This  sweeping endorsement puts the Senate in a strong negotiating position  as the House and Senate reconcile the two Defense bills in conference.  I certainly hope we can do that and get that to the President soon.   As we move through the conference process, we must retain the border  provisions we fought so hard to include. One such measure is the FINISH  IT Act. When we say ``finish it,'' I mean the border wall. The  legislation which I authored and which is in the bill would continue  construction of the border wall.   The previous administration purchased high-quality steel wall panels,  but when President Biden took office, he chose to spend $130,000 per  day to store these materials rather than using them to secure the  border. High-quality steel panels are there. Our President is spending  money to store them rather than using them for the intended purpose.  Taxpayers already paid for them. That amounts to tens of millions of  dollars spent to do absolutely nothing all the while cartels continue  to traffic drugs to people from across our southwest border.   The fact that we are spending taxpayer money to store these sections  of the border wall rather than erect them is uncontested. That is  admitted, and it is a fact. And it is one of the reasons Senators visit  the border, to find out things like this.   We on the Armed Services Committee inquired about this waste. We  found the administration to be hastily auctioning off panels and doing  so for pennies on the dollar. This is quite obviously an effort to  circumvent congressional intent. The administration sees this  legislation coming; they see the overwhelming 86-to-11 vote; and they  want to get as many of these sections of the wall auctioned off as  government surplus before the legislation takes effect.   In one instance, the government sold $4.4 million worth of materials  for a mere $156,000--$4.4 million worth of border wall segments sold  for a mere $156,000. Again, this is uncontested. This is a fact that no  one disputes. The administration is still unable to account for $255  million worth of materials.   The FINISH IT Act, which is in the NDAA, passed by the Senate, would  compel the Biden administration either to use the existing border  panels or sell them to States capable of building the wall themselves.  Border states grasp the severity of this crisis in ways that the  President somehow ignores.   Senate Republicans successfully shepherded this provision through the  Democrat-led committee and secured wide bipartisan support from the  Senate. Again, the bill passed by a final vote of 86 to 11.   It is not difficult to discern why, under this administration, really  every State is a border State. Just ask the mayor of New York City,  which used to like to be called a sanctuary city. The mayor of New York  suddenly sounds almost as concerned about the border crisis as the  Governor of Texas.   The FINISH IT Act represents just the first of several border  security provisions in this year's defense legislation. Other measures  address the threat posed by cartels. These criminal gangs bribe law  enforcement officials and terrorize the innocent. These cartels have  military-grade tools, and they use them. Our bill unlocks resources  that empower the Department of Defense to take the fight to these  dangerous organizations. We passed a provision which would help  strengthen Mexican security forces. It would establish a pilot program  designed to provide top-tier U.S. military training to law enforcement  in Mexico. This would enhance bilateral cooperation against threats,  including cartels.   Another provision helps confront cartels in cyberspace, and another  improves coordination between defense, intelligence, and Homeland  Security officials. These proposals harness the full array of U.S.  technological and logistical capabilities to target work we can do from  our side of the border.   The border crisis shows no sign of abatement. Illegal crossings  continue to surge and fentanyl's devastating effects reach into more  and more American neighborhoods and into every State. What affects the  border, affects us all.   I am sure there will be strong discussion as the House and Senate  move to a conference. There will, of course, be disagreements, and yet  I remain hopeful that the integrity of our borders can be an area of  agreement. We must take this opportunity to protect the homeland. We  must pass this year's National Defense Authorization Act with these  hard-won border security measures.   Mr. President, before I yield the floor, on a personal note, let me  say that the Presiding Officer is looking particularly good this  afternoon, and I appreciate his courtesy.   I yield the floor.   