 Mr. President, today I rise to ask unanimous consent  that the Senate pass H.R. 1147, the Whole Milk for Healthy Kids Act.   But before I start talking, I just want to take a quick drink of this  superdelicious milk.   Here is to the dairy farmers of Kansas and across the entire country.   Now, a fun fact: Besides water, milk is the only beverage allowed  here on the Senate floor. And, as you all know, milk is the most  delicious, most nutritious wholesome drink known to humankind. There is  nothing that has ever been made anything like it.   Now, milk is pretty special to me, and you might ask why. And it is  pretty simple.   My dad grew up on a dairy, where they milked Holstein cows every  morning, every day of the year, 365 days a year. And I remember, all  the way through high school, my grandma still milking cows.   When your grandma milks cows, you get to have milk for breakfast, for  lunch, for supper. Even in school, we got to have milk and a little  snack at 10 a.m., and I was one of the lucky kids who got two cartons  of milk every lunch.   And I just learned--I didn't know this. I just assumed that this is  what everyone was doing--that if you didn't leave whole milk out for  Santa Claus, then he wouldn't leave you presents.   Now, whole milk helps to keep growing kids and adults healthy and  strong because it has 13 essential nutrients packed into one drink. And  because of the fat content, specifically in whole milk, it promotes the  absorption of fat-soluble vitamins A, D, E, and K.   Now, as an obstetrician, I can't stress enough the importance of  drinking whole milk during pregnancy. It helps you have healthy babies.  It helps with breastfeeding. It helps us all to grow strong bones.   Now, science has also shown that milk consumption provides additional  positive health outcomes. It lowers blood pressure. It reduces risk of  cardiovascular disease and reduces the risk of type 2 diabetes.   As medical costs skyrocket and the obesity epidemic worsens, I rise  today to set the record straight: Milk is part of the solution; it is  not part of the problem.   Now, many fingers have been pointed at the dairy industry, and  millions of lobbying dollars have been invested in making lawmakers  believe that milk is the enemy. Anti-dairy policies have resulted in  decreased milk consumption and, ironically, in an increase in negative  health outcomes.   In fact, the most recent ``Dietary Guidelines for Americans'' cites  calcium, potassium, and vitamin D as three of the top four  underconsumed nutrients that Americans are deficient in. Well, guess  what is rich in those same nutrients? Well, of course, it is milk. All  of those deficiencies can be resolved with an increase in milk  consumption, and that is why I recommend at least a glass of whole milk  every day.   No other food or drink has the ability to pack that kind of  nutritional punch--none. But, sadly, over a decade ago, this  misinformed Chamber voted to remove whole milk from our Nation's  schools, and now we are facing the consequences. Because we are not  encouraging our children to drink milk, we have a generation of young  men and women who are going to have osteopenia and osteoporosis 10 to  15 years earlier than their predecessors.   Now, let me reiterate: Preventable diseases will occur more  frequently as a consequence of a Federal Government overreaction that  is based on obsolete research--research which corrects modern  nutritional science and discourages healthy eating habits for children.   Today, we can right this wrong and bring back nutritious whole milk  to our children's lunchtime. Let's bring back this tasty and nutritious  option.   Whole milk has a litany of health benefits to offer our children. And  did I mention that it tastes great? The benefits of whole milk can't be  overlooked and certainly not substituted with skim milk or 1 percent,  and certainly not by artificially flavored milk that is loaded with  empty calories.   Bringing more healthy options back to school cafeterias is a slam  dunk for American families, and delivering this to the President's desk  before Christmas would help promote the consumption of healthy fats  that help kids grow physically and cognitively. It supports American  farmers and ranchers and promotes a brighter, stronger future for us  all.   Milk--it is what is for lunch.   As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 1147, which was received  from the House and is at the desk; further, that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   