 Madam President, I rise today to join my esteemed  colleague from the State of North Carolina to discuss the situation at  the border. This is an ongoing crisis, and it needs to be addressed.   Our Nation continues to face an unprecedented crisis at the U.S.- Mexico border, and one that is due to the Biden administration's  policies, pure and simple. It is a function of the Biden administration  policies.   It is amazing that we have had DHS Secretary Mayorkas in front of our  committees, and we asked him: What are you doing to stem the flow of  illegal immigration at the border?   He sits there, and he tells us: Oh, we have operational control.   That is absolutely ridiculous. It is absolutely wrong.   For fiscal year 2022, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, CBP,  encountered almost 2.4 million individuals attempting to illegally  cross the southern border. That is 2.4 million crossing illegally. That  is operational control?   And for him to sit there and look at us and say: Oh, yeah, we have  control.   And 2.4 million last year were crossing illegally. This is an  increase of 37 percent from fiscal year 2021 and a 419-percent  increase--four times as many--as in 2020.   Additionally, since October, CBP has reported that over 1 million  individuals from more than 140 different countries--from more than 140  different countries--have been encountered attempting to illegally  cross the southern border.   Just last week, Border Patrol Chief Raul Ortiz told a House committee  that the administration does not--repeat: does not--have operational  control of the border. Border Patrol Chief Raul Ortiz said that the  administration does not have operational control of the border.   We have to hold this administration accountable. On both sides of the  aisle, we have to hold this administration accountable for this border  crisis.   I have been down to the southern border on numerous occasions and  have witnessed the crisis firsthand. I visited Del Rio, and Eagle Pass,  as well as El Paso. I have been in McAllen, in the Rio Grande Valley,  and I have seen this, both during the day and at night.  [[Page S890]]    It is just not human trafficking. It is drug trafficking that affects  every State, that affects everybody in our country.   Our dedicated CBP officers and Border Patrol agents continue to work  tirelessly to fulfil their mission of securing the border, with the  additional responsibility of trying to address this humanitarian  crisis.   While the officers and agents on the frontlines do the best job that  they can with the way they are hamstrung, they face an impossible task  given the Biden administration's actions to continue to allow this  crisis to go on. And it is their policies that are allowing the crisis  to continue.   As a Senator representing a northern border State, I am also  concerned about the impact that this situation on the southern border  has on our northern border, as well, in terms of security.   The ongoing crisis at the southern border is creating significant  challenges for northern border operations in the security of our  country. Northern border personnel and resources continue to be  exhausted because of the southern border crisis and pulling resources  from the northern border to try to help with the southern border, and  that is unacceptable.   We need to address the ongoing crisis at our southern border, and we  need to make sure that our northern border is secure as well. We need  to not only have the resources there; we need to have a policy that  actually works. We have great professionals, but they can't secure the  border if the Biden administration won't let them.   Border security is vital to our national security, and we need to  secure our borders. President Biden's actions have incentivized  migrants to take the dangerous journey to the U.S. border, like I say,  from 140 plus different countries.   To address our Nation's immigration crisis, we need to secure the  border and that means finishing the border wall, and reinstate key  immigration policies--reinstate key immigration policies--that were  working to stop illegal immigration and move toward a merit-based  immigration system.   The administration needs to enforce our Nation's immigration laws.  They have the laws. They need to enforce them, resume construction of  the border wall, and ensure we have in place the necessary  infrastructure, personnel, and technology to secure the border. It is  their job. It is their job to protect this Nation, and you have to  secure our border to protect this Nation.   With that, I yield the floor.   