 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National  Bible Week. I thank Mr. Lamborn, who is not only a colleague but a good  friend and someone that I look up to in so many ways, for organizing  this important Special Order.   As we come to the end of our first session of this Congress, to say  that it has not been a tumultuous year would not be putting it clearly.  Right now, we are at the beginning of our Advent season, and there is  no time better to pause and reflect on the Founding Fathers'  intentions. That is simply to protect Americans' right to worship and  practice their faith freely.   2 Timothy 3:16-17 says that the Holy Bible is given by inspiration of  God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for  instruction in righteousness, that the man of God may be complete,  thoroughly equipped for every good work.   To be honest, when I came to Washington, I was actually shocked to  learn how much the Founding Fathers  [[Page H6806]]  looked to Scripture for guidance as they drafted our founding  documents. Unfortunately, today, in schools, they don't really explain  this. They really hardly even mention it.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues and every American  citizen to simply look at what the Founding Fathers had to say about  the Holy Bible and just how much the Founding Fathers relied on it on a  day-by-day basis, especially as they put together the documents that  founded this very Nation that we live in.   During the days following the inception of this Nation, most people  would be surprised to learn that this body, the U.S. Congress,  authorized the publication of Bibles.   The Holy Bible is a firm foundation on which we can build our lives,  filter decisions through, be encouraged by, and seek guidance from.   Let me say, from my personal standpoint, as an individual who is  imperfect but who made a decision to trust Christ Jesus at a young age,  and as someone who tries to look at Scripture on a daily basis, we need  to continue to lean into God's Word as we seek to do the good work for  the American people, grow in our faith, and contribute to a culture of  renewed light in this Nation.   