 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this year's NDAA.   I am pleased that we were able to work in a bipartisan fashion to  finalize the Senate's State Department Authorization bill for inclusion  in this year's NDAA. In late 2021, during my chairmanship of the  Foreign Affairs Committee, we shepherded--through the House, into a  conferenced NDAA, and ultimately onto the President's desk--the first  comprehensive State Department Authorization bill to become law in  nearly 20 years. The passage of this year's bill will make three in a  row.   The bill includes many important provisions--including to: stand up a  fellowship program in honor of our late colleague John Lewis and a  transatlantic leadership institute; authorize support and economic  diplomacy to public diplomacy and beyond.   The NDAA also includes important provisions related to the  implementation of the AUKUS trilateral security partnership. By  leveraging the shared capabilities of the U.S., Australia, and the  U.K., the United States and its allies can shape a free and open Indo- Pacific for years to come.   The Foreign Affairs Committee and the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee painstakingly and carefully negotiated the AUKUS compromise  text included in this NDAA. The compromise text includes support for  the families of Americans wrongfully detained around the globe, and  ensures that State Department personnel have the flexibilities and  authorities they need to succeed in their work--from cyber helps  advance this critical agreement and includes both Pillar 1 legislation  to support the transfer of Virginia-class submarines to Australia, and  shared financial and training efforts. It also includes bipartisan  legislation supporting Pillar 2 of AUKUS, which provides a sound way  forward for ensuring cutting-edge defense technology cooperation can  advance while maintaining critical safeguards and regulations.   This year's NDAA was not perfect. I am disappointed outbound  investment regulations were not included, and I support moving the  McCaul-Meeks bipartisan bill to the floor immediately to address this  crucial issue.   Nonetheless, the NDAA is once again the product of a serious  bipartisan work accomplished during conference, so I support the  legislation and urge all my colleagues to do the same.   