 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object--and I  will be pretty quick here--I have rarely seen such a cynical piece of  legislation on the Senate floor. I have rarely seen it.   The point that Chris Van Hollen and Chris Murphy made, I think, is  the first point, which is, when all you have is a hammer, everything  looks like a nail. So whenever there is an opportunity to legislate-- even in the foreign policy space, even when we are in a global fight  against fascism--the first thing that comes to the mind of many people  on the other side of the aisle is, How can we make life easier for the  wealthiest among us? Like it has literally got nothing to do with  Israel aid or Ukraine aid or Indo Asia-Pacific security matters. Just,  whenever you get a chance, throw in an opportunity to enrich the  wealthiest among us who are already not paying their fair share of  taxes.   So that is the frame, right?   This is where we start, which is, I have got an idea: We should cut  taxes again. I have got an idea: Let's gut the IRS so that they don't  have the ability to audit these billionaires, many of whom don't pay  taxes in the first place.   So that is how you should understand this from the jump.   The second thing you should understand is, we really are in a global  fight against fascism and authoritarianism. And if there is one thing  that I think the last 2 or 3 years--frankly, the last 7 years--has  taught us is: Believe what the authoritarians say they want to do.  Believe Hamas when they say they want to wipe Israel off the map and  that they are not done. Believe Putin when he says that the biggest  mistake that the Soviet Union ever made was perestroika and glasnost  and all of that. Believe him when he says that after he takes Ukraine,  he will turn his eye to the Baltics. Believe all of these people. They  do exactly what they have been saying they would do. And here we are  hoping--hoping against hope--that maybe they don't mean it; that maybe  their ambitions aren't so murderous. They do it every time.   And the idea that we would separate these two fights even though  these people are aligned--these Fascists are aligned, this  authoritarian movement is increasingly aligning itself perhaps because  of the internet, perhaps because of globalization--but, whatever it is,  there is an actual global Fascist, authoritarian movement, and they are  on the march. And the idea that we would fund Israel's security needs  and leave Ukraine behind because--what?--Ukraine is in Europe? because  Donald Trump doesn't like Ukraine aid? because it is getting hard?  because it is getting tiring? because it is getting expensive? Listen  to those arguments. My God. This man wants to take Europe and has a  plan to do so.   As Senator Bennet said--and this is a key point--God bless these  Ukrainian fighters. They are the ones fighting and dying. They are the  ones spilling blood to keep Europe peaceful, to establish that nobody  can change the boundaries of a country using violence only. God bless  them for doing this. God bless them for their sacrifice, for their  ingenuity, for, frankly, exceeding everybody's reasonable expectations.  God bless them for their sacrifice.   All they need from us are resources. We are the wealthiest country in  the history of humankind, and we are saying: It is a little too long.  We haven't won yet. Trump doesn't like it. This is kind of getting  expensive.   What a bunch of terrible arguments in the scheme of things. What a  bunch of terrible arguments. When we look back 20, 30, 50 years from  now at this debate, no one is going to ask whether this was emergency  spending or in a supplemental or in the regular appropriations process  or in a CR or in a CR and omnibus. They are just going to ask: Did we  stand with the free world like Americans always do?   So this has gotten me a little angry. This has gotten me a little  frustrated because I just thought--I really did think--and I am not  naive--but I really did think that on an issue like this, we could put  our partisanship aside; we could put our fealty to either our current  President or to the former President aside and just say: Look, this is  good for the free world; we are just going to do it together.   I now, with the Presiding Officer's permission, through the Chair,  defer to the President pro tempore.   