 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I agree with my colleagues and share the chairman's  concerns about the safety risks with this amendment.   I recognize that some of my colleagues believe we don't need the B83  and want to retire it, but regardless of how they feel about it, I hope  my colleagues can appreciate that completely cutting off funds for a  nuclear system all at once is dangerous.    These weapons were built many decades ago, and their components are  aging. That is why we are modernizing our deterrent. Yet, we need to do  ongoing safety and surveillance monitoring to ensure they remain safe  and secure, and that requires ongoing funding.   Defunding a nuclear weapon may sound like a good talking point, but  it is a reckless policy. Even the Biden administration understands  that. They are not proposing to cut off funding, but that is exactly  what this amendment would do.   Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to vote against this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I also rise in strong opposition to this  amendment. The chairman is right. Now is not the time to open the door  to cutting the ICBM fleet.   China's ICBM forces are rapidly expanding, and Russia's nuclear  forces, the largest in the world, continue to grow, as well. In the  face of these growing threats, we need to strengthen our deterrent, not  weaken it.   Our ICBM forces continue to play a vital role in deterrence as the  most responsive leg of our nuclear triad.   Unlike submarines and bombers, land-based ICBMs are always ready to  execute Presidential orders and provide the day-to-day, 24/7 deterrent  that our Nation relies on. They have prevented nuclear attack for 60  years.   If you ever want to see nuclear proliferation in this world, start  cutting our nuclear forces. All the countries that rely on us will  attempt to secure their own nuclear capability. They will have no other  choice. That would destabilize the world.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.   