 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the past hundred years have seen few,  if any, strategic thinkers shape world events as profoundly as Henry  Kissinger. Few academics have had such deep experience in the practice  of foreign policy. Few political appointees have had such bureaucratic  savvy. Few senior government officials have carried such intellectual  heft.   Who else could claim to have advised more than one-fourth of all U.S.  Presidents, to have taken a seat across from every Chinese head of  state since Chairman Mao?   Yesterday marked the end of the extraordinary Kissinger century.   If you consider just the early chapters of this remarkable life, you  might expect Henry Kissinger to be the quintessential idealist. But by  the age of 30, he had escaped Nazi brutality for America, returned home  a decorated veteran of the campaign to defeat Hitler, and launched a  successful career as an Ivy League academic.   Of course, instead of an idealist, this made-for-Hollywood origin  story produced one of the world's staunchest realists. The Kissinger  calculus was grounded in pragmatic assessments of national interest,  the use of military force, and diplomatic compromise; and, by  extension, so were decades of American foreign policy.   Several years ago, one particularly apt assessment of Henry  Kissinger's legacy pointed out that he didn't believe ``the arc of  history makes house calls.'' In other words, if the free world waits  passively for its noble convictions to be vindicated, we will be  waiting quite a while.   Instead, Henry Kissinger knew that the organizing principle for  American strategy must be American interests, and he left no room for  wondering what this approach looked like in practice. His careful  negotiations ushered in a period of detente with America's greatest  20th century rival, and his bold diplomacy opened the door to a  relationship with China that rebalanced Cold War dynamics in America's  favor.   Of course, the enduring relevance of Dr. Kissinger's work is due in  no small part to his prolific participation in public discourse on  foreign policy and grand strategy, up until the very end. The author of  21 books confounded scholars half his age with the pace and the volume  of his brilliant scholarship on topics ranging from the history of  diplomacy to artificial intelligence.   In perhaps the truest expression of both his intellectual horsepower  and understanding of power, he remains the only American statesman to  have served as Secretary of State and National Security Advisor at the  very same time.   Today, the world Henry Kissinger leaves behind bears his indelible  mark. The Nation he served--the global superpower he helped create-- owes him our gratitude.   Elaine and I, along with so many of Dr. Kissinger's friends in the  Senate, send our condolences to his wife Nancy, his children David and  Elizabeth, and to the entire Kissinger family as they mourn a great  American.   