 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  motion to instruct.   Let's be absolutely clear. Current Federal DOD law already permits  taxpayer funding of abortion in cases of rape, incest, and to save the  life of the mother, but the Biden DOD travel policy forces taxpayers to  pay the transportation costs for military members and dependents to  travel to procure an abortion for any reason whatsoever right up until  the moment of birth.   Some States, like my State of New Jersey--and there are many others  like it, like New York and California--have enacted extremist laws that  legally sanction the killing of a baby for any reason whatsoever right  up until the moment of birth. The Biden policy has no limits on  gestational age, so it facilitates aborting babies through all 9  months.   There is nothing humane, Mr. Speaker, or benign about abortion.  Abortion is not healthcare unless one construes the precious life of an  unborn child analogous to a tumor to be excised or a disease to be  vanquished.   Dr. Ronny Jackson's House-passed amendment to the NDAA overturns the  DOD abortion travel policy.   Regrettably, the pro-abortion culture is truly a culture of denial.  It continues to deny, devalue, and disrespect unborn children, both  boys and girls.   We must recognize the breathtaking miracle of the newly created life  of an unborn child and that women deserve better than abortion. We need  to care for both. We need to love them both.   I do believe, Mr. Speaker, that future generations will someday look  back on us and wonder how and why a society that bragged about its  commitment to human rights could have legally sanctioned and  aggressively promoted child beheadings, because they do behead the  child during the process of a dismemberment abortion, as well as other  dismemberment.    Abortion pills. How do they work? They literally starve the child to  death. That is how they work. I work on global hunger and food  insecurity issues in my district and throughout the country and world  all the time. How does the abortion pill work? It starves the baby to  death.   Please, Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to not force taxpayers  to facilitate abortion on demand.   