 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, at this  moment of danger and peril around the world, we, the United States,  must support our friends and democracies that are under attack from  brutal adversaries. That means ensuring that Israel has the right to  defend itself in the aftermath of the brutal October 7 attack of Hamas.  It also means ensuring that the people of Ukraine can defend themselves  against Putin's rank aggression.   This proposal on the floor today is tantamount to surrendering to  Putin's aggression. This is waving the white flag.   All of us were gathered in the Old Senate Chamber--most of us-- recently when President Zelenskyy addressed the U.S. Senate. President  Zelenskyy was very clear that the Ukrainians would continue to fight on  no matter what. But he was equally clear that without the support of  the United States and our allies, Putin has the upper hand, and it  becomes a matter of time.   As we speak here, the Ukrainians are shedding blood. They are giving  their lives. For God's sake, the least we could do is continue to  provide them with the military and other assistance they need to fight  off aggression, and time is of the essence in Ukraine.   And as my colleagues have said, this is not only about defending  democracy and sovereignty in Ukraine; it is about the credibility of  the NATO alliance and our other European partners who have come  together to say to Putin: We stand together against your aggression.   The United States takes a walk, it sends a terrible signal not just  to Ukraine but to all our NATO partners with whom we also say we have  shared security interest. They see the United States walk away, it  undermines the credibility of the entire alliance, not just with  respect to Ukraine but with respect to any further aggression by Putin  or others.   And it is not just about the NATO alliance. As my colleagues have  said, this is also about other autocrats around the world who are  watching very closely what happens in Ukraine, including what happens  with respect to U.S. support in Ukraine.   President Xi is watching very closely as he keeps one eye on Taiwan.  So make no mistake about it, you can't get out here on the Senate floor  and say you want to help protect Taiwan, say that you want to be tough  on China when you are weak on Ukraine because what happens in Ukraine  has a direct bearing on what happens to Taiwan and a direct bearing on  Xi's aggression in the Indo-Pacific region. You can't have it both  ways. That has been very clear from our allies in East Asia.   Talk to the leaders of Japan. Talk to the leaders in the Republic of  Korea. Talk to other leaders in the Indo-Pacific. They say, if the  United States walks on assistance to Ukraine, that our credibility will  be totally undermined with respect to our allies in the Indo-Pacific  region and that President Xi will have the upper hand there. So let's  not pretend we are tough on China when you are weak on Ukraine.   Finally, as the chair of Appropriations pointed out, embedded in this  proposal is also what appears to be a very cynical effort to actually  use the claim of supporting Israel in order to secure relief for very  rich taxpayers in the United States. This cuts funding from the IRS  that the IRS will use to enforce current law against very wealthy  Americans who are not paying the taxes that are already due and owing.   So under the cover of this bill, our Republican friends apparently  want to help out very wealthy taxpayers who aren't paying their fair  share, which is why the Congressional Budget Office has said that even  when you cut the moneys to the IRS, it is going to actually increase  the deficit.   The provision that the House had to cut funding for the IRS, which I  guess they thought they were going to fool people that it was going to  cover the cost of helping Israel--it doesn't do that. It actually adds  to the deficit. Why? Because the IRS will not be able to enforce  current tax law against very wealthy Americans who refuse to pay their  fair share.   I know Republicans are always looking for a way to give the very  wealthy and the very rich a free ride, but this takes cynicism to a new  level. So I propose that we come back to the Senate floor with a  proposal that does the right thing to support and defend Israel and its  attacks from Hamas but also does the right thing for Ukraine, for the  credibility of the NATO alliance, for the credibility of our alliances  in the Indo-Pacific, for the people of Taiwan, and makes sure that this  isn't used as a cover to give very wealthy people here in the United  States a free ride on the taxes that already are due and owing.   So, with that, I yield the floor to the Senator from New Hampshire.   