 Mr. President, we are nearly halfway through the 118th  Congress--you know, it is hard to believe. And despite the challenges  that confront this Chamber, working with the House and the President to  get legislation passed, the Senate has managed to advance some great  bipartisan bills this year.   All of this attention the media gives tends to focus on where we  disagree. And there is no question there are a lot of disagreements.  But there are areas where we have found the chance to work together to  do important things.   While some of the bills I have talked about actually passed this  Chamber unanimously and will have a positive impact on our constituents  in communities from Maine to Texas to Nebraska and while a number of  these bills have been signed into law, many are still awaiting action  in the House. And I would like to provide a few examples.   Project Safe Childhood is a bill that I introduced with Senator  Klobuchar, the Senator from Minnesota, to provide greater protection  for our children online. The anonymity and accessibility afforded in  the digital realm have allowed predators to infiltrate our homes and  target our children. This, of course, is the dark side of the internet,  and it has been a problem since the advent of the digital age.   But it gets worse. Last year, the National Center for Missing and  Exploited Children received 32 million reports--32 million reports--of  suspected child sexual exploitation, an alltime record.   One of our most valuable tools for combating these crimes is the  Project Safe Childhood Program at the Department of Justice.   This program was created in 2006 to bolster law enforcement efforts  and to  [[Page S5686]]  invest in education and prevention strategies. Since its inception, the  number of cases and defendants prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney's  Offices has increased by 40 percent.   This is a positive sign we are moving in the right direction despite  the dismal facts that I have recounted here, but it is clear more needs  to be done.   This bill reauthorizes and strengthens this program by modernizing  the investigation and prosecution of these crimes. It will provide law  enforcement with additional tools they need to bring more predators to  justice.   This bill passed the Senate unanimously last month, but it is  currently awaiting action in the House. I have been proud to work with  Representatives Wesley Hunt and Debbie Wasserman Schultz--Republican  and Democrat alike--on this legislation. Again, this is bipartisan  consensus legislation that just needs a vote in the House.   Another example is Project Safe Neighborhoods. This bill reauthorizes  this program at the Department of Justice. Now, at a time when we are  all concerned about violent crime in our neighborhoods, this is one of  the most efficient, one of the most effective ways of combating violent  crime in our neighborhoods that we have devised.   It is inspired by a successful program that I appropriated when I was  attorney general of Texas that started in Richmond, VA, called Project  Exile. What they realized is that if they targeted the most violent  criminals, the ones who, in violation of the law, possessed and used  firearms in the commission of a crime--that if they were prosecuted  under mandatory minimums, that this would prove as a big deterrent for  people using firearms to commit crimes or carrying firearms when they  are prohibited by law.   Since this nationwide program was launched in 2013, we have seen more  than a 13-percent decrease in violent crime in cities with a high rate  of program participation. This is a partnership between State, local,  and Federal. Today, the American people are increasingly concerned  about crime, more concerned here in the Nation's Capital where the  number of carjackings have gone through the roof, including some of our  colleagues in the House of Representatives who have been a victim of  carjacking.   A Gallup poll earlier this month found that 63 percent of Americans  view crime as either an ``extremely'' or ``very'' serious problem,  marking a new record for the poll. So it is clear we need to focus on  crime and violence reduction strategies like Project Safe Neighborhood,  but, again, this legislation passed the Senate unanimously after being  voted out of the Judiciary Committee and is awaiting action in the  House.   Finally, I want to mention another critical piece of legislation that  is stuck in purgatory--at least, hopefully, temporarily--and that is  the Debbie Smith Act. Years ago, we learned that 400,000 rape kits were  sitting in evidence lockers or at forensic labs and had gone untested.   This, unfortunately, is the evidence that has to be collected from  the victim of a sexual assault, and using DNA technology we are able to  figure out, with basically certitude, who the perpetrator was. But  400,000 of them were sitting in lockers and untested.   Now, Debbie Smith is a heroic figure. She has made it her life's work  to eliminate this rape kit backlog, and her work is directly  responsible for the testing of hundreds of thousands of rape kits and  locking up countless violent criminals.   Her advocacy was born of a personal tragedy. She was raped at home in  1989 and immediately reported the crime to police and went to the  emergency room for a sexual assault forensic exam. That is the rape  kit. But she said while waiting for answers, she was overcome by fear.  She was terrified for herself and her family and even became suicidal.  It wasn't until 6\1/2\ years later that Debbie finally received the  answer she desperately wanted from this rape kit test. And it happened  when a DNA hit revealed the identity of her rapist because what they  can do is take that information, match it against CODIS, which is an  FBI-maintained database, to identify the perpetrator.   She later said in an interview that DNA gave her her life back, and  she chose to harness her pain and use it to prevent others from facing  years of fear and uncertainty like that that controlled her. So she is  the namesake of the Debbie Smith Act originally signed into law in  2004.   As a result, more than 860,000 DNA cases have been prosecuted-- 860,000. It is hard to imagine how one person can make more of a  difference than Debbie Smith has, in terms of bringing closure and  making sure that the guilty are investigated and prosecuted. But  860,000 cases have been processed. Sadly, we are still facing a 90,000- case backlog. Each of those hold the key and an answer to bringing a  violent criminal to justice.   The Senate, again, unanimously has passed the Debbie Smith Act  reauthorization, and, unfortunately, the House recently took it up and  passed a version of the bill that inadvertently deauthorized existing  funds for the Debbie Smith Act. I encourage the House to take whatever  action they need to swiftly take up and pass the Senate version to  reauthorize the Debbie Smith Program for a full 5 years without  jeopardizing any existing funds that are being used by law enforcement  to take violent criminals off the street.   So these are just a few examples of bipartisan legislation that has  enjoyed nearly unanimous support here in the Senate that is simply  waiting for the House to act.   I know we are coming up on the end of the year, and there is not a  lot of time, but my suspicion is, if the Speaker would put these bills  on the floor of the House, that they would pass overwhelmingly, but we  can't get these bills to the President to actually sign into law until  the House acts.   So my wish, my request, my prayer is that the House simply take up  these bipartisan bills and act.   I yield the floor.   