 Thank you, L.F., for giving me and Loretta the chance  to report to the membership on FMC's largest and most important  domestic program, Congress to Campus. Loretta, who is a good friend,  and I had the opportunity to actually participate in the program  together. We have both done it many times, but we were together at  Valley Forge Military Academy and College in Pennsylvania just last  year.   L.F., thank you for your outstanding leadership of FMC and for your  tireless efforts to make us an even better organization. I know I speak  for our board and our membership when I say how much we appreciate all  that you do for the Former Members Association.   I want to take a point of personal privilege now and join L.F. in  welcoming the former members of the Irish Parliament. I do so,  especially to Leader Flaherty because my wife, Mary Ellen Flaherty  Goodlatte, is a first-generation American. Both of her parents were  born in Connemara, west of Galway. On the west gate of the town of  Galway, it says in Gaelic, from the fierce wrath of the O'Flahertys,  dear Lord please save us. I married into that family.   As those of you who are active with FMC know well, the Congress to  Campus program brings bipartisan pairs of former Members of Congress to  college campuses for a day and a half to 3 days at a time to meet with  classes, student groups, clubs, local media, faculty, and other members  of the campus community.   We don't shy away from difficult conversations with these various  audiences, and our bipartisan teams engage in frank, honest dialogues  about our legislative branch in action, public service, our democracy,  the role citizens play, current legislative issues, and other topics  dictated by the headlines. Just because we are former Members of  Congress doesn't mean we no longer have strong opinions shaped by our  values and political beliefs. We continue to be partisan beings, and we  showcase to our audiences that you can be partisan but still respectful  and civil and that a clash of ideas is actually a good thing. We call  it healthy partisanship, and that is what we showcase with Congress to  Campus.   When you go to a Congress to Campus visit with a colleague from the  other side of the political aisle, you will be asked to share real-life  experiences in both the political and public realms. You and your  colleagues discuss your unique experiences, balancing public and  private lives, giving an unparalleled insight into the many roles of  our elected Representatives. In addition, you will focus on the real- world application of policymaking and illustrate how government policy  influences the everyday lives of citizens. Congress to Campus is an  exceptional insight into life in Washington and on Capitol Hill.   During a typical visit to a campus, Members arrive the evening before  the full day of programming and connect with students and faculty right  away with a welcoming reception. The next day starts around 8 or 9 in  the morning and lasts until 5 or 6 in the afternoon, meeting with  students for the entire day. The school is responsible for putting  together the minute-by-minute schedule, which Members receive before  hopping on a flight or driving in their car. Members then spend half of  the third day with students on campus and the other half heading back  home. During any regular visit to a campus, Members meet with anywhere  between 150 to 800 students. Most importantly, we let the school  dictate the schedule. Our conversation with the school always starts  with: What is the best use of this resource? How can our Members team  be most productive for your students?   Currently, there is a great deal of negativity surrounding Congress.  The Congress to Campus program highlights the power of bipartisanship,  the dignity of public service, and the importance of an actively  engaged citizenry.   The three goals of Congress to Campus are first, to showcase civil,  respectful, and productive debate on issues where former Members still  wear their partisan hats, like environmental policy or the Second  Amendment, but can engage the students in a back and forth, very  different from the shouting matches they witness on cable news and  social media, and, I hasten to add, all too often nowadays on college  campuses themselves.   Second, to encourage public service in the next generation, show  interested students a path toward Capitol Hill, and mentor future  public servants.    Third, to remind the students of their roles as citizens. They need  to be active participants in our representative democracy. Otherwise,  our form of government does not work. Students hear from the former  Members that, at a minimum, they have a responsibility to be informed  voters, but Congress to Campus also shares the many other ways those  being represented can hold accountable those doing the representing.   The program is important because it helps present a positive image of  how government should work and can work, and it is really important for  students and faculty to see Democrats and Republicans talking to each  other, joking with each other, agreeing with each other on some things,  disagreeing on other things, but with grace and respect and ultimately  teaching that people can and do like others who come from different  backgrounds and points of view. This is something that there is just  too little of today.   The former Members of Congress all donate their time and insight pro  bono to the program. None of them receive any fee or honorarium for  their time. FMC funding only goes toward covering travel and lodging  costs. Congress to Campus is made possible, thanks to the support of  the Stennis Center and the Park Foundation.   This past spring, Congress to Campus went to 16 different college  campuses, 13 in-person and 3 virtual, reaching nearly 10,000 students.  This fall, Congress to Campus is slated to host over 25 programs, which  is a record-breaking semester by far. Most schools are hosting in- person programming, but there are still opportunities to hold these  events virtually, as well.   To date, Congress to Campus sessions have been held on 181 campuses  in 43 States and 5 countries with 2 new countries reaching out for  programming this year. In just the past 10 years alone, the program has  reached almost 60,000 students. Every year, Members donate between 800  and 1,000 hours to the program.   A faculty member at Boise State, who participated in programming  earlier this year said: ``The Congress to Campus event went really  well. Both Representatives were fabulous and very open to the busy  schedule. It was a near perfect 3 days, and I look forward to doing it  again. Representative Smith was wonderful, and I would recommend her to  any Congress to Campus program. She has an interesting story that  resonated with a lot of different people. Representative Jones was also  fantastic. We would have him back for other events without hesitation.  He is a perfect representation of the program, and I hope you are able  to entice him to other Congress to Campus events in the future. Truly  A-plus-plus.''   To quote a student from Skidmore College in New York: ``Coming here  today, [for the former Members] it was not a political opportunity. For  them, it was just a talk about their beliefs and their experiences. So,  it was definitely a new experience for me, and it was very  refreshing.''   A professor from the school also stated: ``First, we talk about  congressional committees. We talk about term limits. We talk about  elections and gerrymandering in my class. But to hear the Members of  Congress talk about how they experience those things, at a real level,  just brings that material alive.''   Another wonderful aspect of Congress to Campus is the summer program  with Envision by WorldStrides. Envision is where over 225 middle school  students  [[Page H2897]]  gather in this very room to listen to a bipartisan pair of former  Members of Congress sharing their experiences and wisdom with young  minds.   As you entered the Chamber this morning, you actually ran into a  group of Envision kids who had just concluded one of these sessions led  by Steve Israel and myself. Every summer there are between 13 and 15  slots to fill, 1 Democrat and 1 Republican each, every Tuesday and  Wednesday during the summer. Programming started yesterday and happened  earlier this morning. Out of the 26 spots we have available, 25 have  been filled so far. We need one last Republican volunteer.   It is because of Members like you all, that students from around the  Nation have the opportunity to come to the United States Capitol and  hear Members from both sides of the political aisle discuss leadership  and bipartisanship. That being said, if anyone will already be in D.C.  on June 28 from 7:15 to 8:15 a.m., please contact Patricia Ochs at FMC.  I encourage you to do so. It is a wonderful experience. You will feel  like you were back in Congress again talking to a town meeting.   I participate because I think it is a great way to reach young people  and give them a positive understanding of how government is supposed to  and actually can work. I also believe strongly that it is important for  all of us, including students, to learn that an important part of  solving problems in their daily lives is to work with and listen to  others, including people you don't agree with, in order to solve  problems and move ahead.   Thank you very much for giving me this time, and I will now pass this  on to my good friend from California, Loretta Sanchez.   