 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, later today, we are going to vote on an  amendment offered by my colleague Senator Lee, and this is a really  important amendment. And this is a really important debate for us to  have: the question of how long authorizations of military force should  last.   We are able to have this amendment vote because of the great work  that Senator Kaine and Senator Menendez have done to bring to an end  authorizations of military force that have been on the books for  decades, authorizations of military force that most Americans didn't  even know existed. So, first, I am grateful to my colleagues and to  Senator Young as well for having brought us to this moment where we can  make the collective decision, Republicans and Democrats, to take off of  the books these expired authorizations of military force that are  dangerous so long as they allow a President of the United States to  pervert the original meaning of the authorization of force--to go to  war against Saddam Hussein in Iraq--for other means and mechanisms.   I think this is really important, both spiritually to show that  Congress is still in the game of setting foreign policy alongside the  executive branch but, practically, because we have seen these  authorizations occasionally be sort of picked up, unearthed from the  grave, and used to justify military action that can't find a  justification in article II power or in other AUMFs. So I couldn't be  more supportive of the underlying measure.   But Senator Lee is asking us to look prospectively and to take a step  to not repeat the mistakes of the past. His amendment would suggest  that every future authorization of military force--and we pass very few  of them on this floor--would be limited to 2 years.   Full disclosure: I have introduced that legislation with Senator Lee  as part of a broader piece of legislation that he and I have introduced  to reform the War Powers Act, to reform our arms sales processes, and  to reform a President's emergency powers to try to right-size the  balance of authority between an outsized executive branch and, I think,  an underwhelming legislative authority.   I think Senator Lee's amendment is a good idea. The only reason I  wouldn't support it is if it jeopardizes the underlying bill; but if it  doesn't, then I am going to support Senator Lee's amendment, in part,  because I have introduced legislation to do the same thing alongside  him, but because I think it is time that we started putting this  Congress in the position to flex that muscle that is given to us in  article I, which is to be codeterminants of American foreign policy  alongside the executive branch.   Notwithstanding the good work of Senator Menendez and Senator Kaine,  we have, over the course of the last several decades, completely  outsourced that responsibility to set the national security policy to  an executive branch and a national security apparatus inside the  executive branch that has become bigger than the Founding Fathers'  wildest dreams.   There is a wonderful book by Walter Isaacson called ``The Wise Men.''  It is about the individuals who set up the post-World War II order, but  it is also an interesting examination of how things used to be when  Congress was doing its job: regularly passing legislation, setting the  parameters of American foreign policy.   One of the most extraordinary stories that is told in ``The Wise  Men'' is the story of Robert Lovett, who at the time, I believe, was  the Deputy Secretary or an Under Secretary at the Department of  Defense. He eventually went on to become Secretary of Defense. And on a  regular basis--I believe it was multiple times a week--Robert Lovett,  on his way home from work, would stop and have a drink or dinner with  Arthur Vandenberg, the then-Senate chairman of the Foreign Relations  Committee. Every single week, multiple times, the administration would  send one of their most important policymakers to sit down with the  chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee to work together on setting  American national security policy in the wake of World War II.   Senator Menendez is a very powerful chairman, but I don't think he  gets that kind of deference from the administration because the  administration knows that they can make national security policy  largely without or around the U.S. Congress because we have made a  collective decision to outsource that responsibility.   Now, that has become convenient in a world in which our enemies are a  lot harder to define. They are shadowy. They are diffuse. They change  names.   It is an era where victory is just as hard to define. We don't have  peace treaties any longer with our enemies--our nonstate-actor enemies,  at the very least. So we have been content to just let the  administration decide whom we fight, when we fight them.   We have let the Department of Defense get so big that we can barely  track what they do. We don't even demand much information from them.   I learned last week that the Department of Defense sees very little  responsibility to engage Members of Congress when it comes to briefing  us on contract award decisions, despite the statute mandating that  Congress receive information when requested.  [[Page S921]]    There is just an imbalance of power, and it is created by our  decision to only have debates on national security policy every long,  random, infrequent ``once in a while.''   Senator Lee's amendment says this. If you are going to pass an  authorization of military force, every Congress, you have to come back  and debate that authorization of military force.   When you are talking about our most sacred responsibility--putting  the men and women who protect us in harm's way--I think we owe it to  them, I think we owe it to our voters, to make sure that those  authorizations of military force are not being expanded or perverted  beyond their initial scope.   The 2001 AUMF is still on the books. It is important because it is  our sole authorization of military force against extremist groups.   Let me tell you, I cover the Middle East on the Foreign Relations  Committee. There are still groups there that are thinking about  plotting attacks against the United States. We need to chase them. We  need to keep them on the run. But the 2001 AUMF has a scope and a size  today that would be shocking to most Americans. The 2001 AUMF, which  everybody at the time knew was about fighting al-Qaida and those that  harbored al-Qaida, which at the time was a fight in Afghanistan, has  been used to justify airstrikes, operation, and support for  counterterrorism in Afghanistan, Iraq, Djibouti, Libya, Pakistan,  Somalia, Syria, Yemen, Cuba, Cameroon, Chad, Eritrea, Ethiopia,  Georgia, Kenya, Kosovo, Jordan, Lebanon, Niger, Nigeria, Philippines,  and Turkey.   I don't think anybody who voted for the 2001 AUMF believed, at the  time, that it was an authorization for military force and  counterterrorism operations in that many countries. And if we were  required to come back and have the debate on the 2001 AUMF, or other  AUMFs, we would be able to check with our public, to check with the  people we represent, and see if they still believe that it is necessary  to send American forces that far and wide.   Maybe some of the most disastrous military engagements of our  history, like the war in Iraq, would have come to an earlier close had  this Congress been required to debate those measures on a regular  basis, instead of just allowing those AUMFs to persist.   And so I come to the floor to, frankly, thank Senator Lee for  bringing this piece of our bigger bill before the Senate. I am going to  certainly consider voting for it. I want to make sure it doesn't  compromise the underlying legislation. These amendments are moving  fast.   But my last hope for our body is this: that this isn't the last time  that we have a debate on this floor about the scope of American  military operations abroad. We should repeal and rewrite the 2001 AUMF.  It is way too broad and cuts Congress out of some the most important  decisions about where our troops fight.   That is a complicated endeavor, but I know Senator Menendez is  committed to it. I know there are many Republican colleagues committed  to it.   But I think history has shown that without a forcing mechanism, it is  unlikely that Congress is going to make those very difficult decisions,  which is why a sunset on AUMFs is a worthy idea of consideration.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   