 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania  for yielding the time.   Mr. Reschenthaler talked about sanctuary policies. That is really at  the root of what we are talking about here today, these so-called  sanctuary policies of President Biden and Governor Kathy Hochul in New  York and Mayor Eric Adams, who refuse to pull those sanctuary cities  back. These policies have failed, and the American people are paying  the consequences.   Millions of illegal immigrants have flooded across our border since  President Biden took office. His administration has refused to even  acknowledge the crisis that has unfolded.   Two years ago, it was only the communities along our southern border  that seemed to almost exclusively carry this burden for this self- inflicted humanitarian crisis. Now, that burden is shared by cities,  towns, and villages as far north as my own State of New York, where  communities in my own district, very far from the southern border, in  upstate New York, have declared a state of emergency as their limited  resources are stretched to the breaking point to handle the influx of  illegal immigrants.   Now, here we are, with thousands of migrant families, including  children, shivering in tent cities at Floyd Bennett Field in Staten  Island in New York City.   Mr. Speaker, moving forward, I hope my Democratic colleagues will  think twice before accusing House Republicans of cruelty, callousness,  or inhumanity when it comes to securing our border and fixing our  broken immigration system.   Opening our borders to human traffickers and drug cartels, cramming  migrant families into broken-down motels and freezing tent cities, and  failing to account for 85,000 unaccompanied minors is the textbook  definition of cruel, callous, and inhumane.   No longer will we allow this administration to divert and squander  Federal resources, including our public lands, to shore up a crisis of  their own making.   The solution to this crisis before us is extremely simple: Secure our  border and uphold our immigration laws. Stop the invasion that has  inundated the southern border and created a crisis in cities and towns  across this country.   I strongly support this underlying legislation to end the Biden  administration's encampments on America's public lands and hold this  administration and those in our States and cities who have promoted so- called sanctuary policies accountable.   