 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding.   I also want to thank my sister, Crystal, and my other sister, April,  for being with me here today.  [[Page H772]]    Mr. Speaker, last night, we heard President Biden's fairy tale  version of the state of our union.   I will tell you, Americans know he just doesn't line up with what  they are seeing and feeling out there. They know our economy is in  shambles, and they also know that the only thing higher than food and  energy prices out there right now are Chinese spy balloons.   Our border is in a mess, and the whole time, our government is over  trying to secure Ukraine's border.   The bottom line is that our country is suffering under the weight of  the Biden administration's America-last policies and, unfortunately,  last night, yeah, he is doubling down. He is doubling down on the  failed agenda that brought us here.   The only answers that he offers are bigger government and more  control over our lives.   I wish I could say I was surprised, but these are always the  solutions offered by the other side of the aisle, the same ones that  got us in this mess.   So let's set the record straight.   Mr. Speaker, reopening the economy after his party shut it down, that  is not creating jobs. More taxes and regulations on small businesses  will not promote growth. Bringing business back to America from  overseas just to tax and regulate them will not return jobs to our  shores.   More spending and debt, that definitely will not lower inflation.  Telling Americans to kick back, put your feet up, depend on the  government, wait on a check, and hope for a better life, doesn't  empower them to reach their potential because, as we know, no  successful person built a career or provided for their family by  hanging around and waiting for the government to redistribute other  people's income.   It is time to let Americans run with the ball by letting them keep  more of their hard-earned money, getting government off their backs,  paying down our national debt, and promoting self-reliance and personal  responsibility again in this country.   