 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. We are  living in a border crisis, the worst one that we have ever seen. The  numbers show what used to be bi-annual numbers are now monthly and even  weekly numbers. There is no denying where we are.   The Tucson sector, which is where I live, has seen the worst of this,  Mr. Speaker. We are at home seeing street releases now, just last week  allowing 11,000 apprehensions and during this month about 40,000. These  are, again, annual numbers in the past, and now they are what we  consider almost on a weekly basis.    Now, I live in a county that is on the border, and we are seeing it  firsthand. I know exactly how life is there. As Mario Diaz-Balart, my  good friend from Florida mentioned, I am an immigrant myself. I know  the journey. I became a U.S. citizen in 2006 and became a U.S.  Congressman in 2022, 16 years later.   I know this country is the country of opportunity. I get why people  want to come here. However, this administration has allowed the cartels  to run amuck and handle the border and abuse people as they are trying  to do so.   Our local communities are suffering because of that. They are the  ones carrying the burden. We have cries from help from both sides of  the aisle. I hear from mayors that are Democrats, mayors that are  Republicans. It doesn't matter the party, they are all being impacted  the same way.   This administration has not prioritized this crisis.   I will tell you, living on the border I understand what I call the  three buckets. We can talk about immigration, we can talk about trade  and commerce, and we can talk about security, and all three are  suffering right now because of the lack of attention on this issue.   It is also a humanitarian problem when this administration has lost  track of 85,000 minors. This is nothing short of a humanitarian crisis,  as well. Not even that will make the President wake up to this.   This is the worst time to be on the verge of a shutdown in less than  48 hours. We cannot shut down. We have to do what we can to protect our  border and keep our government funded.   