 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill.   We often hear Republicans want to roll back the clock--roll back the  clock on abortion rights to 1973 before Roe v. Wade, roll back the  clock on teaching the history of American slavery to, I don't know  when, 1860, 1619?   This bill actually rolls back the clock. It is right there in the  text. The bill mandates ``each agency shall reinstate and apply the  telework policies, practices, and levels of the agency as in effect on  December 31, 2019.''   Which begs the question: What was the state of Federal telework in  2019? President Trump's administration had across-the-board limitations  to telework at major Federal agencies that had made progress before,  like the Department of Education and the Department of Agriculture.   The overall telework participation rate had recorded its first drop  since the enactment of the Telework Enhancement Act authored by myself  and Mr. Sarbanes of Maryland.   We had not yet experienced the onset of the global pandemic, which  forced us overnight to move the Federal Government to a posture of  substantially enhanced hybrid work. We deployed telework as the  critical continuity of operations tool it should be. We procured the IT  and IT security we needed. Supervisors figured out how to manage hybrid  work.   At the height of the pandemic, 75 percent of the Federal workforce  was, in fact, working remotely.   Not everybody is going to continue to telework full time, nor should  they. Federal telework participation rates have already decreased  substantially as more Federal employees move back in person.   The most recent telework survey showed that 47 percent of Federal  employees teleworked in the last fiscal year, but the fact remains that  increased availability of telework is here to stay in the private as  well as the public sectors.   The Bureau of Labor Statistics found that 80 percent of U.S.  businesses expect increased telework levels to continue after the  pandemic. That is in the business community.   That is the nature of the workforce of the future. We should be  embracing the productivity and employee satisfaction gains realized  through telework.   I offered an amendment to this bill that would have done just that,  but unfortunately, we are considering this bill under a closed rule.   We should be using a measured approach to determine where hybrid or  remote work might not be the best fit. I know I have done that in  advocating for more in-person work at the IRS, processing paper tax  returns; at the State Department, responding to passport applications;  and at the National Archives, fulfilling veterans' document requests,  all of which require in-person functioning. I have supported it, as  have my colleagues.   I have also offered a telework legislation bill, the Telework Metrics  and Cost Savings Act.    Mr. Speaker, this would help measure cost savings and  focus on using telework effectively, but this bill is sort of a one  size fits all, come back to work no matter what.   Let me say to my friend from Wisconsin that I had a constituent die  from COVID because there were no protocols in his Federal workplace.   There ought not to be any more casualties to COVID. We ought to have  systematic protocols in place. That is what I think has to precede this  kind of legislation we are considering on the floor today.   I thank my friend from Kentucky for introducing this bill.    