 Mr. Speaker, I start by thanking the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer) for yielding me time.   I rise today with an update for the American people: We are investing  in America, and it is paying off.   Like every other Representative in this room, I just returned to D.C.  after a district work period. Back in Southern California, I heard  story after story about transformative changes in our communities that  are going on. All thanks to bills and programs that President Joe Biden  signed into law after we passed them right here in Congress.   I met with employees at Capstone Green Energy Corporation, one of the  many successful clean energy companies that employ over 37,000 people  in my district and are working to advance the carbon reduction goals.   With support from the Inflation Reduction Act, businesses like  Capstone will grow and hire more employees to help us transition to a  cleaner energy future.   I sat down with veterans to speak with them about what we are doing  in Congress to go beyond thanking them for their service. We talked  about benefits they can access through the PACT Act and support they  can receive from 988's Veterans Crisis Line, initiatives championed by  House Democrats and signed into law by President Biden.   Recently at a roundtable, local healthcare workers explained to me  how lower drug prices for people on Medicare are making a big  difference.   House Democrats and President Biden are committed to making  healthcare more affordable, and that includes lowering the prices of  drugs that our seniors need. That is why we capped the price of  insulin. Anyone who takes insulin every day to stay alive knows just  how life-changing lower insulin prices are.   Before we brought prices down, the high cost of insulin forced many  people with diabetes to make extremely risky decisions, like rationing  insulin because they just couldn't afford to buy more.   I know how devastating diabetes can be, especially when you can't  afford to manage it. My dad, Andres Cardenas, died at the age of 67,  and I can tell you from personal experience how painful it is to watch  someone you love choose between providing for his family and getting  lifesaving medicine.   No one in America should ever have to do that. No family should  suffer through that.   That is why Congressional Democrats and the Biden administration are  working so hard to lower drug prices for Americans so that no one has  to watch a loved one suffer from an illness that they just cannot  afford to treat.   Thanks to the Inflation Reduction Act, the Biden administration has  successfully capped out-of-pocket insulin prices for those on Medicare  at $35 a month.   It was momentum behind these policy ideas that moved insulin  manufacturers to lower costs across the board on insulin products. This  will allow people to live longer, healthier lives.   We know mental health is just as important as our physical health.  This summer, America celebrated 1 year since the launch of 988, the  number for the new Suicide and Crisis Lifeline that anybody in America  can call 24 hours a day. The 988 system is saving lives.   Back home, Didi Hirsch Mental Health Services, the lead crisis center  for the Lifeline in California, released data showing that California  centers answered over 280,000 calls, chats, and texts, with 98 percent  of these contacts getting resolved.   Communities across America are thriving because of the investments  that Congressional Democrats and President Biden has made in our  futures. We are rebuilding crumbling infrastructure and designing new  transportation, ensuring that all Americans have access to high-speed  internet, lowering drug prices, providing mental health resources,  giving our veterans the resources they need, and kick-starting job  creation around the country.   I am so proud of what we have been able to accomplish, and I look  forward to all that we will accomplish with President Biden. I invite  our Republican colleagues to join us.   