 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Oklahoma for  yielding.   When we go back to January, as many people have, we knew that it was  going to be a narrow majority. We also knew that it wasn't going to be  easy. How many of us came here because we thought this job was going to  be easy? How many of us thought the task ahead of us to address the  problems of this country was going to be easy?   One thing we did know is that if we were going to finally start  confronting problems that had been ignored for years and years and  years, we had to change the way this place worked, and one thing  Speaker McCarthy embraced from day one is to start making those kinds  of changes to this institution, opening up the process, allowing  Members to be more engaged, having amendments come to the floor,  single-subject bills, doing appropriations bills.   Yes, making that happen overnight is not something that happens  automatically, but it started to happen, and we are now seeing the  fruits of it. Just last week, we had four different appropriations  bills on this House floor, four different ones. Now, those bills took  weeks and weeks to finally get to the floor, going through an open  committee process, hundreds of amendments, each one of them where  Republicans and Democrats could bring their ideas.   We debated those bills on the floor, some until after midnight where  Members could actually participate in the process. This has been a  broken process for a long time, but it is a process where we, if we are  going to confront the problems that families are facing, we need to  resolve our differences inside this House Chamber before we can then go  and fight for those families who are struggling. Every single day  [[Page H4975]]  across America families are struggling with real problems that we are  going to have to get back to solving.   Those problems are real for them. It is inflation. It is the economy.  It is high energy costs. It is an open southern border that doesn't  just affect the border States. It is affecting every State--Republican  districts, Democrat districts. Everybody knows it, and it can be  ignored by the White House, but this House is the only body that  started to take action with H.R. 2 and then with the border bill last  week. Plus, with the action we took last week, over 70 percent of  government funding passed out of the House, however everybody voted,  Republican or Democrat.   This House passed funding for over 70 percent of the Federal  Government's operation, and it is sitting over in the Senate where they  passed zero, and we are going to beat each other up and talk about our  internal processes and we need to get our internal processes working  better, but so does that other body over there and so does the White  House.   Everybody in this town needs to be engaged in addressing these  problems, but if we don't start here and if we don't focus these next  45 days--because that is what we have got in front of us, we have got  two bills this week, we have got two more appropriations bills next  week, and if we are going to be confronting those, we have got to stay  focused on our mission.   What the other side does, let's continue to put pressure on them, but  we also need to put pressure on ourselves to do our job. Speaker  McCarthy has been leading at the top of the level to make sure that we  have the tools to do our jobs in a different way than the House has  done it before.   This House is going to have to continue to make those changes, but  the American people sent us here to confront those problems. We are  finally starting to. This isn't the time to slow that process down. We  need to keep doing our work. We need to keep fighting for those  families who are struggling, but so does the Senate and so does the  White House, as well.   Let's keep doing this work that we were sent here to do.   