 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to talk to most Oklahomans about  pharmaceuticals, about the cost of drugs and going to the pharmacy.   They don't think a lot about supply chain issues--though, I actually  have a bill that is working on this, and this is an issue we have got  to resolve.   About 10,000 of the active pharmaceutical ingredients come from  communist China. We are very exposed there. That is a very big risk. We  have got to work to be able to make sure that we can get access to our  pharmaceuticals without being dependent on China to do that. That is a  risk that people want to solve, but it is one that they don't really  talk about the most. Most of the time, we talk about the cost of a drug  and its availability at their local pharmacy. Let me talk about both of  those.   As ironic as it sounds, they are tied up together and not in the way  that people think about most of them. Many people think that drug  companies produce drugs, and then they sell it to the pharmacy, and  then the pharmacy sells the drug. They think that that is the way it  works. It is really not, actually. Those are two elements. There are  drug companies that do research, that develop the drugs, and do all of  the clinical trials and get it approved, and they are ready to go, but  then there is a wholesale network back there that actually handles the  distribution.   Then there is this group that almost no one has heard of called the  pharmacy benefit manager. The pharmacy benefit manager actually,  oftentimes, sets the real price for the drug. The drug company may  produce it at one price, and the pharmacy is ready to be able to sell  it at a price, but there is this group in between, the pharmacy  benefits manager, that actually controls how it works.   Now, if I am at the pharmacy in Atoka, OK, the patients who are  coming into that rural, beautiful community just know what they are  paying at the counter; but if you go behind the counter and talk to the  pharmacist there or in any other number of communities there, they will  tell you they are struggling as an independent pharmacy, especially in  rural areas, because there is a game happening with the pharmacy  benefit manager that is to the benefit of what is called a PBM and to  the detriment of the local pharmacy and of the patient. It is an issue  that has got to be resolved.   About 80 percent of all of the drugs that move across the country  right now are managed by three different pharmacy benefit managers.  Now, I am not opposed to competition, but here is what they have  actually done over the last several years: The insurer has purchased  the insurance company, the pharmacy benefit manager, the group that  actually does the purchasing of the drugs, then, often, the retail  pharmacy as well for some of those big chain retail pharmacies. So  they, literally, own the entire network there, and they can make money  through the whole network.   Again, I am a free market capitalist, and I don't have an issue with  people doing that, but here is what is actually happening: The  leverage, then, of the big pharmacies owning all of the rest of the  chain there is that if you are not in their group, you are facing some  real consequences and a real squeeze because they now set the price and  tell you how it works.   Let me give you a couple of examples of things that I believe we need  to address and that I have been working on for years. Finally, the  Finance Committee of the U.S. Senate is actually taking on this issue.   One of them is another little code thing that most people don't know  exists, called DIR fees. This direct and indirect remuneration fee is  how the whole process works behind the scenes at an independent  pharmacy. Let me give you an illustration, and try to take this off the  top shelf.   So let's say you are a company and you manufacture a product or that  you are in retail and you sell a product that is out there. So you sell  a product, whatever it may be--I don't care if it is a shirt or a  couch, whatever it may be--and you are going to ship it out. You do the  shipping, and you anticipate, once the shipping is done, you will be  reimbursed for the shipping. Your job is to be able to retail sell it,  ship it out, and then you get the reimbursement for that.   But what would happen in your business if you sold it, shipped it,  and then after you shipped it and paid for the shipping, someone came  back to you and said: ``Actually, that may have cost you $50 to ship  that. I am only going to give you $20 for the shipping because I didn't  like the way you did the shipping. I didn't like who you did the  shipping with. I don't like the box that you put it in. I preferred a  different box. So you lose $30 in the shipping because you didn't put  it in the right kind of box''?   So here is what you do: The next month, when you are shipping, you  make sure you put it in the box that whoever this is who is reimbursing  you likes that certain kind of box. You put it in that box, you ship it  out, and then you wait for the reimbursement. Instead, the company  comes back and says: ``Oh, no. We have changed our mind. Now we would  like a different color of box. So, yes, you put it in the right kind of  box, but we would like it in a different color box, so we are going to  reimburse you $10, even though it cost you $50.'' This may sound  absurd, but welcome to the world of the DIR fees for pharmacies.   Here is what happens: They purchase the drug and get the drug, and  they are ready to sell it. They sell it to the consumer. The consumer  at the counter pays them for it. They have got their money from the  consumer. It goes out the door. Then a month or a quarter or sometimes  even a year later, the pharmacy benefit manager sends a notification to  the pharmacy and says: ``Oh, we didn't like the way that you did  that.'' It wasn't a quality thing. It was just how they did it.   Sometimes they will say: ``Well, you really should have prescribed  two drugs to this person, and you just did one.'' Now, the pharmacist  doesn't choose what drugs are going out to the patient  [[Page S3441]]  who is there; the doctor does. The pharmacist just fills the script.  But the pharmacy benefit manager may say: ``Oh, you needed to have sold  him more drugs than what you did, so we are going to reimburse you less  for this.'' And they literally change the rules after the sale is done.  So they will reimburse them, but sometimes they will reimburse them  less than the actual drug costs to the pharmacist; so the pharmacist  actually loses money on filling a prescription for this person, but  they don't know that until months later.   That is what is happening right now in small pharmacies across  America because the pharmacy benefit managers are focused on how they  can make more money, even if it closes down rural, independent  pharmacies.   What is interesting is that several of my rural pharmacies have told  me they will get these change of rules where suddenly now they are  selling drugs or sold a long time ago a drug to someone for less than  what they are actually being reimbursed now. They will often get that  notification and then a week later get a notification from that big  pharmacy group saying: Hey, by the way, if you want to join our retail  chain and close down your chain, we will buy you out.   It is a great way to put a little pressure squeeze on them to say: We  are going to reimburse you less than the cost of your drugs unless you  are one of our pharmacies, and then maybe we will do a little bit  better.   Listen, this is the United States of America. We like competition,  but we also like fair competition where people are actually reimbursed  for the cost of their actual product, they are actually able to  survive, and especially in rural areas, that independent pharmacy is  able to thrive, because in rural areas across our country, there is not  a lot of access to healthcare. So when people have a question about  their drugs and about their healthcare, where do they go? The  pharmacist in their small town, that is where they go.   DIR fees from these pharmacy benefit managers are directly putting at  risk the survival of rural pharmacies across America and across my  State, and I am going to do whatever I can to make sure those companies  don't drive out of business local, rural pharmacies in my State because  my people in my State need that support in their local area.   They may want to do mail-order pharmacy for some things. It is very  convenient. It is great. If they choose to do that, it is fine. But if  they are taking five drugs, they want to talk to somebody about this  and what are going to be the effects. That is not going to happen with  mail order; that is going to happen with somebody behind the counter  who is going to talk to them and walk them through the process. That is  what we need to be able to do.   This is not rocket science, and it is not onerous. It is standard  performance metrics that the rules don't change on an independent  pharmacy. They know what the rules are, and they don't change,  especially after the sale has already been done.   The ability to be able to sell a product and actually at least have  some profit, not lose money every time you are able to sell a product,  shouldn't be a radical idea. The pharmacist is not getting to pick the  price on this product. People think the pharmacist is the one making  all the money. The pharmacist is not the one who picks the price on  this product; that is set by someone else. And if they literally have  to sell it at a price less than what they buy it for, that is not  right. They are trying to be able to help their neighbors.   Let me give you another example, another issue I have been working on  for years on this. This is a game play between the pharmacy benefit  managers and the pharmaceutical companies that actually produce the  drugs.   Most drugs, when they come out, are remarkable. The engineering and  the science in modern medicine and the technology that it takes to be  able to go through the clinical trials and get something approved that  shows it is not only safe but effective is remarkable science.   There are some great researchers doing that, and it is incredibly  expensive to do. Because that is incredibly expensive in the United  States, we protect the patent rights of that new drug. So a drug, when  it comes out--it is really expensive when it comes out because we want  that company to make enough money to be able to pay for all the  research they put into producing it and make a little profit or else  they are not going to produce more drugs and more innovation. That is  how it works.   But that patent is protected for a season. It is usually around a  decade that it is protected for them. After that, then the drug can  have drug competition. Those are called generics or biosimilars.   Most folks know, in their pharmacy--if they get a prescription from  their doctor and they walk in and say ``Hey, I got this script from my  doctor,'' the pharmacist will say ``It is a brand drug,'' many people  will say ``Is there a generic of that?'' What they are really asking is  ``Is there a cheaper version of that?''   For almost everybody, for your plan from your insurance company, you  have one price for the brand drug and a cheaper price for a generic. Do  you know why? Because generic drugs are cheaper, that is why, for  everybody in the whole value chain.   But here is what is happening. Sometimes people will walk into a  pharmacy, and they will say ``Is there a generic version of this,'' and  their pharmacist will respond back to them ``There is a generic  version, but it is the same price as the brand.''   It makes you pause for a minute and say: Well, that is strange. Why  is the generic the same price as the brand?   If that has ever happened to you, here is why that is: because the  drug company has worked with the pharmacy benefit manager to say: When  competition comes, when the generic comes, if you will list the  competition on the higher price what is called branded tier, we will  give you a kickback every time our drug is sold in the brand. So you  will make additional money if you will list the competition at a higher  price.   What does that do? That causes every consumer in America to have to  pay more at their pharmacist. It also affects the U.S. budget because,  also, Medicare is affected by that as well.   This is a simple fix. Generic drugs should be on the generic tier.  Branded drugs should be on the branded tier for sales. This is not  rocket science, again; this is straightforward consumer protection.   This is an issue I have pushed on for a long time that I get a lot of  pushback from. As you would expect, the pharmacy benefit managers and  the drug companies aren't big fans of this. I have nothing in  opposition to drug companies. I want them to continue to thrive,  produce new drugs, and to be able to make a profit on the production of  those new drugs. But when they are doing something to the consumer to  drive up the price when they could get a cheaper price, that is bad for  them and bad competition. Let's fix that.   Next week, the Finance Committee is going to take up a whole series  of bills and options on pharmacy benefit managers. We need an  intermediary. The drug companies aren't set up to be able to sell  straight to the pharmacy. I don't have a problem with somebody being in  between. I am not trying to kill that. But we do need to make sure that  it doesn't hurt the consumer, doesn't hurt the Federal budget, and  actually works for everybody in the process.   I know this is stuff behind the scenes, and everyone just wants to  say: How do we get the price of drugs cheaper?   There are even folks who say: Let's just have the Federal Government  take over all this pricing. The Federal Government will just set the  price for everything. That will work beautifully.   I always laugh and say: Listen, if you think the Federal Government  can solve every problem, try to get your passport right now, because  right now, it takes about 18 weeks to get a passport, and it used to  take 4 weeks.   The Federal Government is not the solution to everything on this.  Protected free markets are a good solution to this. Competition will  work if we allow the markets to actually work, but if someone is in the  middle controlling all of that, that is something on which we need to  intervene and to say: Let's have free and fair markets that are out  there to get down the price of drugs, because there are generics, there  [[Page S3442]]  are biosimilars that are out there that will bring down the price if  they are allowed to get to market. So let's make sure they can actually  get to market and get down the price.   Let's protect the ability for rural, independent pharmacies to still  take care of their patients. Those are their neighbors. They care about  them, and they want to make sure they can still be there to be able to  care for those folks.   We have work to do. I am glad the Senate is finally taking this up. I  have been working on this for years. This is an area we need to  address.   With that, I yield the floor.   