 Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to House  Republicans' H.R. 2494, which is not about defending police officers,  it is about deporting people. This does nothing to defend against  assault. This is about discriminating against immigrants. Let me tell  you why.   Under Texas law, an unwanted touch can be considered assault. My  Republican colleague, Congressman Troy Nehls, a former law enforcement  officer himself, pointed out during the bill markup that he had ``mixed  emotions'' on that potentially leading to deportation.   This is not theoretical. Just this month we saw this in Texas  firsthand. Evan, an Austin resident, was at our State legislature  peacefully opposing a bill there. As the bill was being taken up, the  speaker of the house ordered the gallery to be cleared.   Hats aren't allowed in the Chamber. As Evan was exiting the gallery,  he was carrying his baseball cap in his left hand. An officer grabbed  his arm and Evan swung around, surprised. The brim of his basketball  cap bumped the officer. Evan was handcuffed and charged with assault by  contact, a criminal charge. If Evan wasn't a citizen or had admitted  fault, he would be deported under this proposed bill today.   Here is another example from 2019. My constituent, Tania, was in  mental health crisis. Her friends, family, and neighbors called 911 for  help. The police and an ambulance arrived. The police said they needed  to handcuff her to take her to the hospital. She was terrified. She was  scared. She kicked as she was being handcuffed.   The police body camera video has on the recording the officers  saying: Thank you.   That is now assault on a police officer, a felony charge for kicking.  Rather than being taken to the hospital, Tania was booked into the  jail. We feared that she would be deported. Because there was time for  due process, her lawyers intervened. Members of Congress, such as  Congressman Lloyd Doggett, intervened, and Tania was able to get out  rather than be deported back to a country that she was brought from as  a young child.   If this law today had been in place, Tania instead could have been  automatically deported. This law undermines due process and radically  expands the ability to deport families from the U.S. who have never  been charged or convicted of a crime.   This bill would separate families and send people potentially to a  country that they have never known, all for the brush of a hat or for  the pinch of an arm.   Mr. Chair, I am sick and tired of preposterous bills being heard in  this Chamber. I am sick and tired of hearing the Republicans are for  due process, freedom, or individual liberty, when we see bills like  this that do nothing to reform our immigration system. This does  nothing to increase public safety, and only leaves as collateral damage  the freedom, due process, and individual liberties of those who are  struggling to make this country a better home for themselves and their  families.   