 Mr. Speaker, Ilhan Omar and I are products of  remarkably different life experiences. Hers began by fleeing civil war  in Somalia before emigrating to the United States after 4 years in a  Kenyan refugee camp, an experience that few, if any, of us in this room  could possibly imagine.   My family came to America a century before hers seeking the same  safety, security, and opportunity as they fled Russian pogroms  targeting Jewish people in Eastern Europe. My life began by losing my  father in the Vietnam war, an American tragedy that may well have been  prevented had this very Chamber been filled with more voices like Ilhan  Omar's.   Now, don't get me wrong: Representative Omar and I regularly disagree  on policy, both domestic and foreign, and she has, at times, used words  that have caused concern, offense, and even personal pain to me and  others.   She and I have spoken face-to-face on those occasions, and she has  apologized, and she continues to learn from those missteps.   Furthermore, she has never posted a video depicting herself  decapitating and killing fellow Members of Congress. She doesn't  question whether a plane really smashed into the Pentagon on 9/11. She  does not wonder if school shootings in America are staged. She has not  propagated the absurd notion that space lasers, financed by the  Rothschild family, are the cause of wildfires in California. She has  never equated vaccine mandates with Adolph Hitler. She has never, ever  expressed support for executing leaders of the United States Congress.   Now, being a conspiracy theorist alone is not grounds for removal  from committees. I will admit that. But depicting violence or  supporting violence against fellow Members of Congress is grounds for  removal, be it a Democrat or a Republican.   But no one has accused Representative Omar of depicting or supporting  violence against anyone in this Chamber.   So why will 90 percent of Jewish Members of the United States House  of Representatives vote to maintain her committee assignment?   Quite simply because we believe in the human capacity to learn from  mistakes, to make amends, and that atonement should be rewarded, not  punished.   We also believe that the most dangerous acts by elected officials in  a democracy are to silence voices of dissent, even those with which we  fundamentally disagree. That is what this is about, silencing and  canceling. How ironic.   Furthermore, this is the very weaponization of anti-Semitism that I,  as a Jewish person, find repulsive, I find dangerous and, above else,  shameful. Yes, shameful.   To my friends across the aisle: If you really are sincere about  defeating anti-Semitism in America, how about ask us. How about ask us  what we need. And let me assure you, you might be surprised by the  answer.   