 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for all of his support  for these bills that not only make life better for the veterans but  also for their families.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1669, the VET-TEC  Authorization Act, which, as amended, includes the text of legislation  I originally introduced as H.R. 234, Gerald's Law.   Gerald's Law was drafted and introduced on behalf of Gerald Elliott,  a U.S. Army veteran and a resident of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan,  as well as on behalf of his family and the thousands of other veterans  like him.   A lifelong Yooper, Jerry was a member of The American Legion Post 363  and was an active volunteer with U.P. Honor Flight and the Iron  Mountain VA Hospital.   After a cancer diagnosis in 2019, Gerald received his care at the  Iron Mountain VA. As the disease progressed and he was placed on  hospice care, he decided to go home to enjoy his final days with his  family.   Following his death, Jerry's family discovered that even though he  received hospice care through the VA, his family did not qualify for  burial benefits after his death; that is, burial benefits for Jerry  himself. That is because under current law, VA hospice care provided at  home does not qualify as a death under VA care and is, therefore, not  covered under the nonservice-connected burial and plot benefit.   As a result of this quirk, if a veteran with a terminal illness wants  the full burial benefit, they would be forced to die in a hospital or  nursing home under the VA auspices instead of transferring to home  hospice care. This is just, I am sure, a mistake. This injustice is  unacceptable and unconscionable.   No veteran should worry about losing VA benefits for their family  when choosing to spend their final days in the comfort of their own  home. Gerald's Law will address this by extending VA burial allowance  eligibility to veterans whose passing occurs at home while receiving VA  hospice care if they were previously receiving VA hospital or nursing  home care.   I am thankful for the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs for their  work to assist the thousands of veterans and family members being  denied benefits due to this legislative oversight.   H.R. 1669, which includes Gerald's Law and other bipartisan,  commonsense reforms, was approved unanimously by the committee in  April.   Mr. Speaker, I urge every Member of Congress, every Member of the  House, to support its passage on the House floor today.   