 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to talk  about the need for more American energy. Joe Biden's policies are  destructive to our Nation, and that is because he continues to put  liberal priorities first and America last.   Last week, the Biden administration agreed to ease oil sanctions on  Nicolas Maduro's brutal socialist regime in Venezuela. Let's be clear.  I want to be clear about what is going on here. Venezuela gets to  produce more oil. President Biden is putting Venezuelan oil production  ahead of American oil production. He is prioritizing Venezuelan energy  workers over Wyoming and American energy workers.   Our energy workers at home are rightly asking: When is Joe Biden  going to ease the sanctions that he has put on American energy  production?   Because, since day one, American oil, American natural gas, American  coal producers have been in the President's crosshairs. He refused to  change course, even when gas prices skyrocketed.   Well, Biden certainly has never encouraged more American production  like he has around the world in Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, and even  Russia at one point. Instead, Joe Biden has raided the Strategic  Petroleum Reserve, and he did it to deflect blame for high energy costs  at the gas pump. That was in the runup to the midterm elections. So he  used our energy stockpile emergency supply for his own political gain.  And it is disgraceful.   America's energy reserve is now 45 percent lower than it was when Joe  Biden entered office, much lower than it was when he was Vice  President. Our emergency supply is actually at a 40-year low in terms  of the energy supply we need for emergencies.   With the Hamas terrorists' attack against Israel, there is more  uncertainty in global oil production, and our own stockpiles here at  home are dangerously low. And this could be the time when we need it  the most.   So, last week, the administration came to the conclusion: Well, maybe  we ought to try to fill it up again. So he has announced the purchase  of 6 million barrels of oil to help replenish our emergency supply. Six  million barrels is a drop in the bucket compared to the 290 million  barrels that the President has already drained. The President's  administration plan is too little, too late, and it comes at too high  of a price. President Biden is offering 79 cents a barrel for these 6  million barrels of oil to help start to replenish the emergency  reserve. Well, the price of oil now is $90 a barrel.   So Joe Biden is going, once again, on bended knee to dictators,  begging them to produce more oil and sell it to the United States.  Maybe he believes this begging will lower oil prices and increase his  abysmal approval ratings. But turning to dictators is not a way to  govern, and it is not a way to focus on America's national interests.   Joe Biden continues to turn his back on America's workers, on  American families; and, once again, he is putting liberal politics  first and American energy workers and the American public last.   Maduro isn't Joe Biden's first date with a dictator. Oh, no. He has  been coddling dictators, and he is making it a habit. He tried to  placate Vladimir Putin by choosing not to impose sanctions on Russia's  Nord Stream 2 Pipeline to Germany, and what the President got in return  for his appeasement was more Russian aggression and Russia attacking  Ukraine.   While the President was draining our strategic emergency oil  reserves, he was looking for ways that the Ayatollah in Iran could sell  more oil. It is astonishing. He foolishly refused to enforce maximum  pressure sanctions against Iranian oil, and this refusal allowed Iran  to line its pockets with $80 billion from selling oil exports.   I wonder what they could have used that money for. Well, let's look.   The President continues to kiss up to Iran. He cut a deal to send $6  billion in sanctioned funds to Iran. In return, Iran was able to expand  its support and financing of terrorist groups like Hamas.   Today, the world is witnessing the devastation and the violence  inflicted by Iranian-backed-and-funded terrorism. Hamas's unprovoked  attack against Israel killed thousands of civilians, including  children, with at least 33 Americans dead, more missing.   President Biden has not learned from his mistakes because he  continues to repeat the mistakes over and over again. This appeasement  by Joe Biden will not work. It didn't work with Russia. It didn't work  with Iran. It is not going to work with Venezuela. But President Biden  refused to do what we know will work--will work here at home--and that  is, unleash American energy.   The President's administration has used every trick in the book to  smother American production of oil, gas, and coal. It has had an  extreme negative impact on families all across America and on our  Nation's economy.   Look, before the COVID pandemic, the Energy Information  Administration, they forecasted that here in America, we would produce  about 14 million barrels every day this year--14 million barrels of oil  a day. Through June of this year, due to Joe Biden's attacks on  American production, production is running way, way behind  [[Page S5165]]  what was anticipated and what we need as a nation. As a result, we are  turning to countries for the 1.4 million barrels a day that we need  additional.   We are way behind, and it is not just energy. This President  continues to outsource not just our supply of oil and gas but our  mineral supply--critical minerals that we need here in the United  States. The Democrats' reckless tax-and-spending bill just accelerates  that.   Last week, I issued a report proving how the Democrats' reckless tax- and-spending bill moves the United States away from energy independence  to energy and mineral dependence. An energy transition dependent on  China, Russia, Iran, Venezuela, the tyrants and the terrorists there is  not what our Nation needs, but it is what Joe Biden has brought upon  us. Yep, it is what he caused.    America should never have to beg for energy, for minerals from  anybody, let alone from dictators. Our energy policy should enrich  American people. The American economy should be strengthened by it.  Instead, Joe Biden's policies, dictated by the liberal left, are  enriching our enemies.   America's energy policy must always put affordable, reliable American  energy first. We must put America first. We must unleash American  energy. That is the solution to help build our economy, build our  country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   