 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for organizing this.   In years past, I would imagine that this particular issue would draw  people from both sides of the aisle to come and protest the marriage of  Big Business, Big Tech, and Big Government, to silence dissenting  voices in this, what once was the freest Nation in the history of the  world.   Censorship is an authoritarian tool used to keep power by suppressing  dissent. It is done, in our case, under the myth of keeping Americans  safe. Conservatives, though, are playing against a stacked deck. This  administration is doing the stacking.   Last year, for instance, the Department of Homeland Security  attempted to establish the Orwellian disinformation governance board,  ultimately having to walk that back but, in reality, they just gave it  another name and they will continue to try to suppress conservative  voices.   We learned months later that Facebook implemented a special portal  where government officials can request the censorship of specific  posts.   Ahead of the 2020 election, unelected, deep state bureaucrats  coordinated with major social media companies to ensure that the  contents of Hunter Biden's laptop would be suppressed, right before an  election.   Users could not even share a link to the New York Post story to read  the report for themselves, and Twitter even locked the New York Post's  account and others for simply sharing the report.   Facebook spied on individuals' private messages and reported users to  the FBI if they questioned the 2020 election.   Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram and others removed a sitting United  States President from their platforms. Meanwhile, Twitter allowed  Iran's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to tweet horrific messages and tweets,  without so much as deleting the tweets.   And we wonder, we wonder, why Americans feel threatened by their own  government, and why polling consistently tells us that our governmental  institutions are viewed with disrepute by the American people.   The moderators of these platforms have put their thumb on the scale  of debate and have targeted conservatives over and over. But censorship  does not just occur online, it can occur in the chilling of speech and  the removal of debate altogether. We see that on college campuses,  where students are fearful of retaliation if they express a  conservative viewpoint.   We have seen this administration target concerned parents attending  school board meetings to protect their First Amendment activity by  likening them to domestic terrorists.   Recently, we have watched as Democrats, instead of promoting free  speech, wrote a letter demanding that AT&T, that Alphabet, Hulu, Apple,  Comcast, Roku, et cetera, remove three conservative media outlets from  their programming. They have taken down OAN, and they  have now  notified Newsmax they are going to take them down.    We know what happens in nations where you have the Big Government  utilizing the power of the marketplace through Big Business, and now  the marriage of Big Tech. We know that that leads to something that I  call fascism. That is what we see happening in this once and,  hopefully, future great Nation today.   The idea, `` . . . that ideas can be dangerous; but that the  suppression of ideas is fatal to a democratic society. Freedom itself  is a dangerous way of life, but it is ours.''   That statement was originally issued in May of 1953 by the  Westchester Conference of the American Library Association.   I am suggesting that we have the courage to allow free speech, free  thought, free debate in this great Nation.   