 Thank you to my colleagues. Thank you for your leadership  here.   Senator Tuberville, I hope we can find a way to get this behind us,  if possible. So my contribution to the debate is as follows: The  bedrock of our democracy is that the military will be subordinate to  civilian control. That has served our Nation well--that no matter who  is in uniform, they answer to civilian authorities, and they are  subordinate to the will of the civilian leadership elected and  appointed. That has really helped our country be who we are today.   One of the things that I can't understand is, if you require our  military to be subordinate to the people above them in the civilian  world, why would you punish them for something they have nothing to do  with?   All of these people--and if we need to call all 376, I will be glad  to do it. I will get some rest this weekend and come back next week. I  am going to start with two. All I am asking is to allow Major General  Lenderman to get promoted. I will make that request in a minute.   Major General Lenderman is a two-star general. She got promoted to  three-star because her peers--the military promotion system--saw in her  leadership qualities. And after I read her bio, I now know why she got  promoted.   But the job she is going into, she is going to be the Deputy  Commander, Headquarters, Pacific Air Force, Hawaii. She would be  responsible for Air Force activities over half the globe. The command  supports 46,000 Airmen serving principally in Japan, Korea, Hawaii,  Alaska and Guam. That has a lot to do with the Indo-Pacific theater.   She has 3,000 flight hours as a KC-135, KC-10, KC-46 pilot. In case  you don't know what that means, she flies the air refueling tankers  that our fighters and our bombers come up to to stay in the fight. This  is some of the hardest flying in the Air Force. You have to have your  stuff together because refueling at night is not some easy thing. I  have actually seen it done. I am an Air Force lawyer. They shouldn't  let me near an airplane, but they did.   I can tell you this, this lady has proven herself time and time  again: 3,000 hours--I am sure most of it is combat--doing some of the  hardest things any pilot can do in the Air Force. And she has zero to  do with what happened. I don't know what her beliefs are about the life  issue. I am pro-life, too, but I don't want to start asking our  military members litmus test questions.   She deserves to be promoted. You are not going to change policy that  she didn't make by denying her the ability to be promoted. We need this  lady as a three-star yesterday to deal with the threats coming from  China and that part of the world.   She is a graduate of Duke University. She has had every major job I  can think of in Transportation Command, Scott Air Force Base in  Illinois, which I have been to several times.   I am asking tonight that she be allowed to be promoted because she  has had nothing to do with the policy we all object with. Holding her  hostage doesn't help the pro-life cause. It hurts the military. The  most pro-life people I know are the ones willing to die for us. She is  willing to die for this country. She has proven herself time and time  again. She needs to be promoted.   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of the following nomination:  Executive calendar No. 189, Laura L. Lenderman, to lieutenant general  and Deputy Commander, Pacific Air Forces; that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    I will have another one.   Let me respond to my colleague respectfully. We have courts. If you  think they have done something illegal, go to court. That is how you  handle these things. The Pentagon has issued a legal opinion I disagree  with, saying this doesn't violate the Hyde Amendment. I disagree with  it.   Here is what is going to happen. You just denied this lady a  promotion. You did that. All of us are ready to promote her because she  deserves to be promoted. She had nothing to do with this policy. Let me  say it again. Everybody in this body could find an issue with any  administration they don't agree with. And what we are going to do is  open up Pandora's box. Today is abortion policy.   If we take back the White House, we will go back to the Mexico City  policy, limiting dollars to be given to overseas entities that are  engaged in the abortion business. Some pro-choice people don't like  that. What would happen if they put a hold on all of the officers  because they don't agree with the Republican administration? There is a  reason this has not been done this way for a couple hundred years.   No matter whether you believe it or not, Senator Tuberville, this is  doing great damage to our military. I don't say that lightly. I have  been trying to work with you for 9 months. Folks, if this keeps going,  people are going to leave.   Let me tell you how the system works. You have 18 months, I think,  from the time you are promoted to pen on. If you don't make that gate,  your time and grade up-or-out rule kicks in. There are some people that  are waiting to be promoted that if they don't get promoted soon, they  will be out of the military.   Now, how does that help anybody if they are qualified? There is not  one Senator in here that cannot find a reason to object to an  administration policy in the military. None of us. We could all find  something. I just hope we don't do this routinely, because if this is  the norm, who the hell wants to serve in the military when your  promotion can be canned based on something you had nothing to do with?  She had nothing to do with this. If you think it is illegal, go to  court. We have courts in this country.   I have one more: Rear Admiral Fred Kacher. Fred, sorry if I  mispronounced your name. He has been promoted to three-star. OK? That  is a pretty big deal. I made colonel and that is as far as I could go  and that is probably a gift.   What job does he have? He is going to be the Commander of the 7th  Fleet, Japan. Somebody is doing his job right now, but they are not a  three-star. We have a military promotion system to reward people who  are good at what they do so they can have more responsibility. This  officer had zero to do with the Pentagon's decision, which I don't like  and you don't like, but he can't get promoted because of one of us.   There is no end to this, folks. If this gets to be the norm, you are  going to wreck the military promotion system. You are punishing people  who, by law under the Constitution, require to be subservient to  civilian control. They have to follow civilian control. And you are  punishing them for something they didn't do. Punish the civilians who  made the policy. That is the way to do it.   I am going to move that Rear Admiral Fred Kacher be immediately  promoted to three-star, 7th Fleet, Japan, Commander. It is the largest  forward-deployed fleet operating around China, Russia, and North Korea.  Given the threats coming from that area, I think we need this guy,  like, yesterday.   He is a 1990 U.S. Naval graduate. He commanded guided-missile  destroyers. He has been--this is amazing; you need to read about this  guy. We want this guy. Coach, we need this guy. We are in a fight. We  need the best people on the field. He is off the field for something he  had nothing to do with.   And if this gets to be normal--I will end where I started. If this  gets to be normal, God help the military because every one of us could  find some reason to object to policy. Let's just don't hold hostage the  men and women who have to follow civilian control. Let's don't ruin the  lives of all these people who have been serving our Nation for decades.   Their families can't enroll in school. Some of them are going to be  knocked out of promotion because of time and grade problems. There are  families  [[Page S5288]]  struggling out there because they can't move to the next assignment.  This doesn't help anybody. It doesn't help any cause.   So I ask unanimous consent that this promotion be taken up under  Executive Calendar No. 189; Rear Admiral Kacher, 7th Fleet Commander;  that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or  debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be made and laid  upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.    Oh, sorry, sorry. This is why I didn't get promoted.  Executive Calendar No. 85.    Frederick W. Kacher. Thank you.    And we will be doing this 376 times.   