 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her  leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of our friends in Israel. I  thank the chairwoman and my friend, Ms. Granger, for bringing this  vital legislation to the floor, for the opportunity to speak on it.   Mr. Speaker, the choice today is pretty clear to me. We either  support our Israeli friends, or we don't.   We have heard, and we will continue to hear complaints about the  funding offset and the lack of non-Israel funding in this bill, and  each Member is entitled to their opinion, but, at the end of the day,  this bill will provide over $14 billion in support of Israel in its war  against these murderous terrorists. That is the important part.    These aren't just numbers, Mr. Speaker, on a piece of paper. Real  lives are at stake here. This funding will save Israeli lives through  replenishment of its missile defenses, it will give Israel the ability  to rid the world of dangerous terrorists, and it will help reestablish  deterrence in the Middle East at a time when Iran is aggressively  advancing on all fronts.   What happened on October 7 was tragic. No one, not one person, can  argue that the cruel and gruesome atrocities were justified. Israelis  were killed in their homes, massacred for having different religious  beliefs than their terrorist attackers. Unfortunately, these actions  have not been met with universal condemnation, not even in this very  House.   Mr. Speaker, I have personal experience in this region. I commanded  troops with a U.S. battalion of a multinational force and observers in  the Sinai Peninsula responsible for maintaining peace between Israel  and Egypt. Thankfully, we were and continued to be successful at that  mission, but unfortunately we still see terrorists' violence aimed at  Israelis simply trying to live their very lives.   Israel has a right to defend itself. It needs their freedom of action  to do so. We did not accept arbitrary restrictions on our actions  following 9/11, nor should we place any restrictions on Israel's  response.   This House has a habit--on both sides of the aisle--to search for the  perfect bill instead of taking something that is good for the moment, a  bill that makes incremental progress, as we speak.   I implore all Members to reject the demand for the perfect and,  instead, support the good. Support this vital funding, and then we can  move to support our Ukrainian friends, rebuild our defense industrial  base, and improve our conventional military capabilities to enhance our  deterrence against PRC threats.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill.   