 Mr. President, we are in complex and dangerous times.   Ukraine is fighting off a Russian invasion. Israel is defending  itself against Hamas. American soldiers have been attacked by Iran's  proxies. China is watching closely and testing the United States and  our allies. We need our military to be stronger and more focused than  ever. However, because of one Senator, our military is being severely  hamstrung.    The Senator from Alabama, Mr. Tuberville, has a policy disagreement  with the Pentagon. However, instead of addressing this policy, he has  decided to singlehandedly shut down what has historically been a  bipartisan process to promptly confirm military nominees.   My Republican colleagues made this very clear last night. His  decision isn't affecting just a handful of positions; he is currently  blocking 367 admirals and generals, and that number continues to grow.  That has left members of our Armed Forces stranded and unable to get  the promotions they have earned. It has put their lives and the lives  of their family members on hold.   Today, we will vote to confirm three of them: the Chief of Naval  Operations, the Air Force Chief of Staff, and the Assistant Commandant  of the Marine Corps. They are the top officers in the Navy and the Air  Force and the No. 2 officer in the U.S. Marine Corps.   Now, that may seem like progress, and the Senator from Alabama may  say that this is an example of how the Senate can confirm military  nominees one by one, but here is the thing: The new leaders of the Air  Force and the Navy won't have anyone confirmed as their No. 2s. So they  will have to do two of the highest ranking jobs in their services at  the same time--their new jobs and their old jobs. That is because of  Senator Tuberville. With hundreds of admirals and generals awaiting  promotion because of his holds, it is impossible for the Senate to  catch up by doing this one by one.   In the Marine Corps, the situation is even more serious. Over the  weekend, we learned the terrible news that Gen. Eric Smith, confirmed  just last month to lead the U.S. Marine Corps, suffered a medical  emergency. General Smith was in the same position--forced to do two  jobs at once. Today, we will confirm his deputy, who will have to  immediately step up to be Acting Commandant of the Marine Corps for as  long as General Smith is recovering.   It is an outrage that it takes an urgent vote of the U.S. Senate to  fill a leadership gap at the top of the U.S. Marine Corps. That is the  result of this blockade, and it is what we risk across our military  leadership if, God forbid, another service chief has to step away from  their job.   The Senator from Alabama doesn't think this does real damage to our  military readiness. He either doesn't know what he is talking about or  he doesn't care. At this very minute, the brave men and women of the  26th Marine Expeditionary Unit are aboard the USS Bataan, the USS  Carter Hall, and the USS Mesa Verde just south of Israel in the Red  Sea. This is our quick reaction force, trained to evacuate civilians in  conflict zones. Those marines are in a dangerous part of the world at a  dangerous time, prepared to do a very dangerous job. They deserve fully  [[Page S5324]]  staffed and focused senior leadership, able to advise the President  while also giving the best guidance to their commanders. For 4 days  this week, within arm's reach of a war, they didn't have it because of  one Senator.   The solution is clear, and it has been clear since day one: The  Senator from Alabama must remove his hold on our admirals and generals.  We wouldn't be in this position if it weren't for him. He can stop this  today if he wants to. If he continues to refuse, it is just too  dangerous to wait for him to do the right thing. There is a proposal  for the Senate to make a temporary change that will allow us to vote on  the bulk of these nominees at once. It is designed to put our national  security ahead of all else by addressing the dangerous circumstance  these holds have put our military in.   Now, I have talked with many of my colleagues--Republicans and  Democrats--about this fact, and I encourage everyone to give it serious  thought. At what George Will called ``the most dangerous U.S. moment  since World War II,'' the Senate must consider whether it will allow  the U.S. military to be without hundreds of confirmed admirals and  generals and to be just one illness or accident away from once again  having a service branch without senior leadership because, to me, that  is a pretty clear choice.   I yield the floor.   