 Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to speak in strong support of  the passage of my bill, H.R. 3099, the Special Envoy for the Abraham  Accords Act.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman McCaul, Ranking Member Meeks, and the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Torres) for working together in a  bipartisan way to advance this legislation.   I have been overwhelmed by the amount of support and positive  feedback that this crucial piece of legislation has received, and for  good reason.   H.R. 3099 creates the position of the special envoy for the Abraham  Accords in the U.S. Department of State. This new position would hold  ambassador rank and be Senate confirmed. The special envoy would be  responsible for coordinating efforts across the United States  Government to expand and strengthen the Abraham Accords with key allies  and strategic partners across the Middle East and across the globe.  Having a point person at the State Department is key to ensuring the  accords maintain a priority in this administration and all future  administrations.   While this bill seeks to hold the Biden administration accountable to  ensure they are advancing the Abraham Accords, it does so with strong  support from both sides of the aisle, making clear that the United  States  [[Page H2802]]  Government prioritizes our relationship with Israel and the advancement  of peace and prosperity, regardless of any other policy differences we  may have.   For 75 years, Israel has been and remains our staunchest ally and a  pivotal partner in the Middle East. A beacon of freedom, democracy, and  prosperity, they are an example that the rest of the region can look to  for building a successful and vibrant society.   The Abraham Accords, a series of normalization agreements between  Israel and other Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East, were a  monumental step that has provided a roadmap for the future of diplomacy  in the Middle East and beyond.   They also showcased that the real center of instability in the region  is Iran. Many countries were finally ready to work together with the  United States and Israel to counter Iran's state-sponsored terrorism,  pursuit of nuclear weapons, and consistent violation of the human  rights of the Iranian people.   Mutual opposition to the Islamic republic has fueled the Abraham  Accords and signified a seismic shift in the geopolitical landscape.  They are a testament to the transformative power of diplomacy and  strong economic ties to bring about peace.   At its origins in September 2020, the Abraham Accords included the  United Arab Emirates and Bahrain. Morocco joined the following December  after normalizing ties with Israel.    While Israeli officials are taking meaningful steps to bring other  countries into the Abraham Accords, none have joined since 2020 or the  beginning of 2021.   It is critical, now more than ever, that we build upon this  unprecedented progress, and the establishment of a special envoy is a  definitive step in that direction.   Having a special envoy entirely dedicated to the Abraham Accords  would underscore the United States' commitment to nurturing the growth  of these historic agreements, and it sends a clear message to our  allies and, indeed, to the entire world about the immense value we  place on normalized relations with Israel and increased cooperation and  stability in the Middle East.   This special envoy would also be critical for bringing Saudi Arabia  into the Abraham Accords. Both countries have taken incremental steps  to improve relations since Saudi Arabia's Gulf neighbors, the UAE and  Bahrain, first normalized relations.   Israeli airlines can now use Saudi Arabia's airspace, and the kingdom  recently agreed to respect freedom of navigation in the Strait of Tiran  for Israeli ships.   As a leader in the Arab world, Saudi Arabia joining the Abraham  Accords would make serious inroads for Israel's relationships not only  in the Middle East but across the globe. Additionally, strengthening  ties between Israel and Saudi Arabia would create immense pushback  against Iran.   Moreover, this legislation calls for a comprehensive report to  Congress detailing our Nation's efforts to expand the Abraham Accords.  It requests specific information on diplomatic engagements and the  status of normalization efforts with various other countries. This  report, in effect, ensures a system of checks and balances, holding the  special envoy, the Biden administration, and all future administrations  accountable for prioritizing the strengthening of these accords.   Passing this bill would be a profound affirmation of our steadfast  commitment to fostering peace, productive bilateral relationships in  the Middle East and, we hope, well beyond. It embodies our vision of a  world where peace in the region is not just a distant dream but a  tangible reality within our reach.   Today, I stand before you, urging all of my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle to join me in championing this critical piece of  legislation. Together, let's take this significant stride toward peace,  prosperity, and a better future for all.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation shows that when Congress wants to work  together, we can. We can advance legislation that not only makes a  difference in the United States but makes a difference around the  world.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Ritchie Torres, for making that  possible.   