 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last week, Vladimir Putin's war on  Ukraine hit the 1-year mark--1 year of death and destruction across  Ukraine, 1 year of lives and gaslighting from the Russian Government  and its paid-off cronies, 1 year of atrocious war crimes committed  against innocent people. It has been an unimaginable year of hardship  for the Ukrainian people, and it has ushered in a period of global  unity not seen in a generation.   One year ago, democracies around the world united in support of the  Ukrainian people. The United States and our allies condemned President  Putin's unwarranted invasion and took decisive action to help the  Ukrainians shape the outcome of this war: sanctions against Russia,  military aid for Ukraine, humanitarian assistance for the innocent  people who are bearing the true cost of Russia's brutality. It has been  a difficult year fueled by both victories and setbacks, but I remain  confident and inspired by the courage and the capabilities of the  Ukrainian people.    At the start of this war, no one expected Ukraine to keep up the  fight as long as it has lasted. They were outmanned, outgunned; and it  seemed like a matter of when Ukraine would be defeated, not if.  [[Page S495]]    Over the last 12 months, though, we have witnessed heroic strength  and fortitude by the Ukrainian forces and civilians. We have seen a  series of setbacks by the Russian Army which was once thought to be  among the most capable in the world.   As we marked the 1-year anniversary of this war, the big question in  everyone's mind is, What comes next? GEN David Petraeus once said the  most important question to ask in any conflict is: How does this end?  And in this case, we don't have a clear answer. There is no resolution  on the horizon, which has caused many people to doubt America's  involvement.   Over the last year, our country has made serious investments in a  Ukrainian victory in the form of weapons, equipment, training, and  humanitarian aid. These contributions have been integral to Ukraine's  success so far, but they have not come without cost. There is the  financial cost, which is always a big concern--particularly with a $30- trillion debt--as well as the prospect of a recession as a result of  the Federal Reserve's tightening interest rates in order to stave off  the impact of inflation.   There is also the impact on our own military readiness. Our weapons  stockpiles have dwindled, and the timeline for replenishment is far too  lengthy.   I have heard from my constituents back home in Texas who are deeply  concerned about what these costs will mean here at home, and I  understand exactly where they are coming from.   This is a tough time for American families due to the ravages of  inflation and the uncertainty about their economic future. Our own  interests must always come first.   The point that keeps getting lost in this war is that a Ukrainian  victory is in our national interest. It is important to our security  here at home. America's assistance is not a handout. It is not a  charity project. And as much as we want to see Ukraine prevail in this  war, our financial support is not entirely altruistic.   The United States isn't just investing in Ukrainian victory, we are  also putting our resources toward the defeat of Russian aggression. If  history has taught us anything, it has taught us that power-hungry  dictators do not accept small gains and call it a day. They just keep  on pushing. You don't have to go back very far in our history books to  find a good example.   In 2005, President Vladimir Putin said that the collapse of the  Soviet Empire ``was the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the  century.'' Clearly, he is doing everything he can to try to  reconstitute the former Soviet Union.   President Putin has used his time in power to rebuild Russia's  military and try to redraw the map of Europe. In 2008, Russia invaded  the Nation of Georgia. In 2014, it invaded Ukraine for the first time  since the end of the Cold War, taking the Crimea region. Of course,  true to form, Putin's appetite for conquest is not satisfied. If  anything, it made him more hungry for power. And the message that we  sent by doing nothing in 2005 and 2014 was he could take all he wanted  and there would be no consequence. This time, we can't make the same  mistake. Putin must understand that Russian aggression will not be  tolerated.   The outcome of this war will determine how Putin's quest proceeds in  the future. Will he continue to intimidate neighbors in Europe and  invade sovereign nations, or will he crawl back to Moscow, tailed  tucked between his legs?   The answer to those questions are very important. Despite the fact  that American troops are not engaged in this war, that could change in  an instant.   If the next chapter of Putin's war includes the invasion of a NATO  partner, the United States and our allies will no longer be on the  sidelines; we will be part of the starting lineup. Collective defense  is at the heart of NATO's founding. Article 5 of that founding treaty  makes clear that an attack against one member nation is an attack  against all. Suffice it to say, I hope and pray we will never reach the  point where the collective defense clause is invoked.   The most effective way to keep American troops out of the line of  fire is to help the Ukrainians stop Putin now before his conquest moves  even further west.   As though the stakes weren't high enough already, we know it is not  just the scope of Putin's power that is at stake here. The rest of the  world is watching as well to see how the United States and our NATO  allies respond to this power-hungry dictator. If we fail to support the  Ukrainians in this pivotal moment, other authoritarian governments will  take note. Today, the problem is Russia. Tomorrow, the problem could be  the People's Republic of China.   President Xi Jinping has made no secret of his desire to capture  Taiwan. He has called it ``unification,'' and he has even offered  details about what sort of timeline we might expect. Of course, we  found, as with Mr. Putin, when one person is making that decision, that  person can make a decision to go at any time. But President Xi says he  wants to be ready to unify the People's Republic of China with Taiwan  by 2027, just 4 years from now.   There is no question that President Xi is paying close attention to  the world's response to Russian aggression. If the United States and  its allies respond with passivity, the Chinese Communist Party will  expect to be met with the same level of weakness. As a matter of fact,  I believe that President Putin was shocked to see the Ukrainians  demonstrate their will to resist Russian aggression and that the other  democracies in the world have come to its aid, particularly after the  embarrassing precipitous withdrawal from Afghanistan by the Biden  administration without even notifying our NATO allies. Of course, we  know what happened--the leadership of the Afghan Government was  spirited off in an airplane to another country, and the Taliban walked  in without a shot being fired. I think after Mr. Putin saw that in  Afghanistan, he thought: Well, maybe I could do the same thing in  Ukraine.    Well, a passive response to this sort of aggression would risk  further instability and hurt the cause of peace, to say the least. And  it would inevitably diminish America's leadership position in the  global order. That is why the tyrants and the madmen of the world must  see the United States and our allies respond with strength. That is the  only way to ensure long-term security and stability.   Last spring, like many of our colleagues, I had the opportunity to  travel to Ukraine. This time, last May, was with Senator McConnell, the  Republican leader; Senator Collins; and Senator Barrasso. We had the  pleasure of meeting with President Zelenskyy and affirming America's  commitment to a Ukrainian victory.   One year into this war, my resolve has not softened. Our resolve  cannot soften either. The United States and our allies must remain  steadfast in our support of the Ukrainian people, not just for their  sake but for our sake as well.   Through strategic investments, with ample oversight and  accountability--those were important--we will continue to shape the  outcome of this war by giving the Ukrainian people everything they need  in order to prevail. In doing so, we will send a clear message to  Russia and China and any other authoritarian dictator that aggression  against the sovereign nation will not be ignored.   Again, it is our own national interest that is at stake here. This  war cannot end with a Russian victory.   I yield the floor.   