 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am hearing a lot from Nebraskans about  the chaos this week that is going on around here as we debate the  legislation to continue funding our government.   We should be debating the reckless Big Government spending that has  left us with a national debt of $33 trillion. That is $251,000 for  every American household. That is about the average price of a house in  Nebraska. It is like having another mortgage in national debt.   The consequences of this crippling debt mean that consumers see  higher costs in interest rates. It slows the economy, and it stifles  opportunities for American families.   With stubbornly high inflation, families across this Nation-- including those on fixed incomes--are tightening their belts to stretch  their budgets farther. This past week, I heard from many angry  Nebraskans that the Congress refuses to do the same.   We need to fund our national defense, to secure our national  security; and that includes closing our open border. We need to provide  essential government services that Americans expect and deserve. What  we don't need is to throw more money at partisan projects or wasteful  and unnecessary government spending.   The time to have these important conversations about how we do all of  that is right now, as we discuss these funding bills.   There is a process to do that without coming to the brink of a  government shutdown. It starts with the President giving his budget by  February 6. However, this year, President Biden gave us his budget over  a month late.   Then Congress must pass 12 appropriations bills by September 30 to  avoid a government shutdown.   The Senate Appropriations Committee passed two appropriations bills  on June 22 and the other 10 in July. That means for nearly 2 months,  the majority leader could have brought up these bills to the Senate  floor. We could have had the votes right here on them. We could have  debated them. We could have amended them. Ultimately, we could have  passed final versions of them. However, the majority leader chose not  to do that. Instead, he has played games and created the shutdown face- off.   He has squeezed the calendar to force his and President Biden's plan  to spend trillions of dollars we don't have.   For example, this week, Senators were given only 40 minutes--just 40  minutes--to read and analyze a 79-page bill to continue the funding of  government.   Unlike Nancy Pelosi, I am not going to vote to pass something so I  can find out what is in it. Nebraskans deserve better. Americans  deserve better.   The bill the Senate is now considering ultimately does nothing to  address President Biden's wasteful and unnecessary spending. It does  nothing to secure our border, which is being overrun by cartels  trafficking migrants and drugs--dangerous drugs like fentanyl that is  killing Americans every day. We should have an open government and a  closed border.   The bill we are considering right now keeps Federal Government  spending at its inflated postpandemic levels.   Federal Government spending is up 40 percent in just the last 4  years--40 percent in just 4 years. That is unacceptable.   The majority leader is forcing a vote with a false choice between a  bloated and wasteful omnibus bill or a government shutdown. It is  manipulative. It is wrong, and I won't stand for it.   We cannot keep giving President Biden and the majority leader a blank  check to spend American taxpayer dollars however they want.   A broken process will always result in a broken product. We have to  do better.   During my time as Governor, we kept the size and scope of government  small. It wasn't always easy. Sometimes it required tough  conversations. But our State was better off for it.   We ran the government more like a business. We improved the level of  services for families in need. We invested in infrastructure, like  roads and broadband. And we were able to deliver $12.7 billion in tax  cuts.   In Nebraska, we kept the growth of government to just 2.8 percent a  year. Again, contrast that to the 40 percent government spending is up  at the Federal level in just 4 years--40 percent in just 4 years.   Here is the crazy part: President Biden is actually going to declare  some Federal employees nonessential. If there is a shutdown, he is  going to send them home, and then he is going to bring them back and  pay them backpay. If they are essential workers, they should continue  to stay at their jobs during a shutdown. And if they are unessential,  why do we have them?   Our Federal Government must be more effective and efficient, not  bigger and worse.   In Nebraska, we proved it possible. Bringing that success to  Washington is one of the reasons why I want to be a Senator. I will  continue fighting to get our fiscal house in order, to make sure we  continue to provide essential services that Americans deserve and  expect.   My colleagues and I will continue to have serious conversations about  how to do that. I hope President Biden and the majority leader will do  the same.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following interns in my office be granted floor privileges until  October 31, 2023: Stephen Trainer, Kayla Fink, Sarah Gregory, and  Johnathan Smith.   