 Mr. Speaker, many times in the course of my  life as a military police officer and civilian police officer, I have  had occasion to say: Calm down, son. I have heard your argument. I feel  your passion. I understand your position, but you are about to go too  far. Just calm down and step back.   This is what I advise my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do.  One of my brothers here, whom I love and respect, he is the man seated  here, is making a mistake.   Mr. Speaker, one of the gentleman said we should be held to a higher  standard. We are talking about the removal of a Member of Congress. Do  we want the American people to believe that the opinions of Congressmen  is a higher standard than the deliberate vote of the American people?  Is a report from a committee a higher standard than the 2-year election  cycle as established by our Founding Fathers and enshrined in our  Constitution?    Let's calm down.   Mr. Speaker, I have spoken for 7 years to this body here, and very  rarely have I had a prepared statement, nor do I today, but I am going  to read a letter that I distributed to my Republican colleagues for the  benefit of my Democratic colleagues that did not receive a copy of the  letter. Perhaps, I am wrong for that. I considered sending you all this  letter. I did not, and I apologize for that. The media has gotten it.  It is out there. It reads as follows:   ``Although I completely respect the work of our colleagues on the  Ethics Committee, I have serious concerns about the way this particular  case is being handled, and I'll oppose the George Santos expulsion.   ``In the 7 years I've been a Member of Congress, many Members have  been subject to campaign expenditure ethics investigations. To my  recollection, Members have always had the opportunity to settle the  matter by restitution, even if they disagreed with the Ethics Committee  conclusions. Further, in many prior instances of allegations of  misconduct, I recall no massive media release from the Ethics  Committee. After a bit of a whispered brush fire, the matter just went  away. Maybe the Member left Congress, maybe the Member didn't leave  Congress, but they weren't publicly crucified and expelled. The very  fact that we have all read the `investigative report' indicates a level  of public character assassination that I have not witnessed through  four terms of congressional service. It's troubling to me, that a  Republican-led Ethics Committee would present itself as so judgmental.  Previous Ethics Committee investigations have always been conducted  quietly, reflective of our constitutional standards of innocent until  proven guilty in a court of law. Reports of similar allegations of  campaign finance violations like family vacations overseas and cosmetic  dental procedures and sexual adventures of every sort have not  historically been released to the public. This particular Ethics  Committee investigation seems to be quite public, and I am not seeing  any allowance for the Member to make restitution of alleged campaign  finance violations. Full media disclosure, combined with intention to  move straight to expulsion, appears weaponized to me.   ``Colleagues, you can believe what you like, but the 56-page  `Investigative  [[Page H6019]]  Subcommittee Report' is most certainly not written within the  parameters normally found in an unbiased, impartial investigative  report. It's filled with conjecture, opinion, and pejorative language  that no professional investigative report should include, no  experienced cop would present to a D.A., and no impartial D.A. would  ever present to a court as unbiased. You may accept this report as  grounds for expulsion from Congress, but I say no. It's not right, the  totality of circumstance appears biased, it stinks of politics, and  I'll oppose this action in every way. Perhaps my colleagues should step  back from expulsion, look in the mirror, reflect upon the long  established historical record of congressional behavior, consider the  Founders' intent, and let we the people of New York determine their  Representative. This report is posing as an objective presentation of  fact, yet it is most certainly written with notable disregard for  professional objectivity, and it is wrapped in a media incensed public  disclosure that any reasonable man can see is the congressional  equivalent of a public crucifixion. I'm stunned that Members would  cheer for this public shaming and expulsion. It's like witnessing an  otherwise fair and compassionate village gather to celebrate the  burning of an alleged witch.   ``Since the Civil War, only two Members of Congress have been  expelled, and both had been convicted in court of Federal crimes.  That's the standard, and the House of Representatives should not  deviate from that standard. I'm a solid no on expulsion, and I  encourage every Member to carefully consider what kind of precedent we  are setting.''   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate this opportunity to encourage my colleagues  sincerely on both sides of the aisle to step back from this expulsion.    Mr. Speaker, what I ask of my colleagues,  again, very respectfully on both sides of the aisle, is to just step  back from this moment and reflect upon the sacred right of the American  people to determine their representation in our representative  Republic. This is not a right that has been enumerated for this  Congress.   The American people run this thing. I believe the people of the Third  District of New York are quite capable of removing Representative  Santos if they choose to do so.   In the history of our Nation, we have never done what we are poised  to do. Since the Civil War, two Members of Congress have been removed  by expulsion, both having been convicted of Federal crimes. The people  of these United States own the sacred right to remove their  Representative.   This is reflective of our oath. I say this sincerely to my beloved  colleagues, to step back from this egregious act that you have  threatened.   Reflect upon the American people that we serve, the oath that we have  sworn, and allow the people of New York to cast their vote as they see  fit.   Mr. Speaker, I am prayerful that righteousness will, indeed, touch  the heart of every Member of Congress in this consideration, just as I  am prayerful that righteousness touches the heart as voting Americans  across the country determine who their Representative will be.   I have faith that this anointed Nation, touched by the hand of God as  our Constitution was debated and developed and the writ thereof was  determined, I have faith in that document, and I am prayerful that my  colleagues Republican and my colleagues Democrat will grant that sacred  right as determined by our Constitution to the people to whom it  belongs--in this case, the people of the Third District of New York.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to oppose the expulsion of  Representative George Santos.   