 Reserving the right to object, Mr. President, my objection  is not specific to this nominee. I think the Biden administration is  not sending its best to the Department of Justice. Many of the nominees  are unqualified. Some of them seem actively corrupt, and some, I  assume, are good people. But the problem is not this specific nominee.  The problem is the fact that the Department of Justice has been  corrupted under the Biden administration, and there needs to be some  reckoning with the American people and with this body and with the  nominations process before we allow these nominees to glidepath to the  confirmation process.   Let's just talk about a tale of two leaders in this country right  now, one a Democrat and one a Republican. Of course, for the President  of the United States, his son Hunter Biden has multiple Federal  charges, multiple Federal investigations that implicate directly on the  President's business dealings and may very well implicate the President  directly and plausibly could lead to some significant problems for the  President in the Presidential election.   Yesterday, the plea deal that the Department of Justice cut with  Hunter Biden fell apart with minimal scrutiny from the Federal judge in  that case. That is how the Department of Justice treats the Democratic  leadership in this country, with kid gloves, even in the face of very  serious corruption.   Let's ask ourselves how they treat the former Republican President in  the face of a classified document scandal, where, literally, the claim  is that the President of the United States mishandled the documents of  his own administration.   Now, nobody doubts that President Trump had the right to declassify  documents at issue in this case. The argument is that he didn't, and,  therefore, they want to throw him in jail. Is that really what we are  doing at the height of the Presidential campaign--trying to throw the  former President in jail, the likely leader of the opposition, in  prison, because he didn't cross the t's and dot the i's on the  classification or declassification process? This is a ridiculous  scandal in our entire country.   Look, whether these nominees are qualified or not qualified, we  should have the vote and make that determination as a body. It is not,  at the end of the day--as I have learned in 8 months--all that  difficult and all that hard to vote. But we have to stop giving these  nominees a glidepath until Merrick Garland commits to using the  Department of Justice for justice and not for politics, as it is being  used today.   So I object.   