 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Kentucky for  yielding and for bringing this important legislation to the floor.  [[Page H607]]    When you look across the country, people have worked hard to get  their lives back in order, to get their small businesses back up and  running. States pushed to open up again because they knew that the  health of their people, the mental health, the ability for kids to get  back in school, was so critical.   Of course, data is out there all around but especially amongst our  young kids. Many millions of young kids in America lost a year-plus of  learning because of virtual learning. Not being in the classroom just  wasn't the same. Those communities that made the effort to open back up  again were able to provide a much higher level of education than those  schools that went out of their way to shut down. Damage was caused to  so many.   As you see most of the country now back at work, they look at  Congress and say: Why isn't Washington back at work?   When you look at Federal agencies that are there to provide a service  for the 330-plus million people all across this great Nation, Mr.  Speaker, those people expect that when they pick up the phone and call  those agencies--if you are a military veteran who served this Nation,  you surely showed up for work. You showed up, in fact, overseas, in  some cases, risking your life, receiving injuries. You want to get your  military record so you can be eligible to go get the healthcare you  deserve. When you call the VA and they can't get your healthcare  records because there are still people not at the office--those are  things you can't do remotely--those veterans wait for help. That hurts  people.   You have millions of people who are trying to get basic services like  a passport. Maybe they are trying to go on their honeymoon; or they are  waiting for a loved one to come back home that they haven't seen who  lives overseas, and they have been waiting for years; or they want to  go visit a relative and have waited 6 months in some cases. We get  calls to our offices on these problems, people who have been waiting  over 6 months to get a passport renewed.   That is something you cannot do remotely. If you call that office and  somebody is at home, they are not able to process your passport from  their home, so you have to wait and wait and miss dates and deadlines.   When you see what is happening with so many other people who are  counting on the Federal Government to take care of their needs, they  wonder why they haven't gone back to work when they have had to go back  to work.   You saw the President wanting to hire 87,000 more IRS agents. There  are many IRS agents that aren't showing up for work. We still get calls  to this day from constituents, hardworking people who live paycheck to  paycheck who filed their tax returns in 2021 who still haven't gotten  their checks back. They are wondering why somebody is sitting at home  not able to process that payment. Why do they have to wait over a year  to get their money back from their government?   The answer is not to double the agency and hire another 87,000  people. It is to let people go back to work.   This bill just says to show up to work to do your job, to serve those  millions of people who are paying your salaries and counting on you to  get the job done.   This should have been done a long time ago. I am glad we finally are  getting this bill brought to the floor. I thank the gentleman for  bringing it.   