 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I commend my colleague from Idaho (Mr. Simpson) for the  great work that he and his committee did in giving us this  appropriation bill. I also commend the minority and everyone who spent  so much time on the floor working through these amendments. Everybody  will be glad to know that this is the last one. It is a great one, and  I hope everybody will support my amendment.   Mr. Chair, I obviously support my amendment, which prohibits funds  from being used to implement the Biden administration's ocean justice  strategy, which undermines the intent of the Ocean Policy Committee by  forcing so-called environmental justice principles into the Federal  Government's role in ocean economic activities.   In 2018, then-President Trump signed Executive Order No. 13840, which  established the Ocean Policy Committee. The Ocean Policy Committee, co- chaired by CEQ and the Office of Science and Technology Policy, was  created to focus on growing the ocean economy, prioritizing scientific  research, coordinating resources and data sharing, and engaging with  stakeholders.   The committee was codified into law through the National Defense  Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021.   The Ocean Policy Committee should be working on important issues,  such as leveraging resources and expertise to maximize the  effectiveness of Federal investments in ocean research. Unfortunately,  this administration has chosen to advance a misguided agenda that is  not focused on the founding tenets of the Ocean Policy Committee to  grow the ocean economy. Instead, it is pushing concepts like the ocean  justice strategy, which forces environmental justice principles into  the Federal Government's ocean activities.   Ocean justice or environmental justice should not be used to hijack  legitimate work that benefits the American people. It cannot and should  not become a driving force and detrimental tool to impede our Federal  resources management.   For those reasons, I support and urge my colleagues to join me in  supporting this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, the Ocean Policy Committee should focus on  addressing the issues that it was actually created to address--most  importantly, streamlining Federal coordination.   This administration's push of this ocean justice strategy is just  another example of unchecked bureaucrats forcing their agenda on  Americans and increasing red tape.   My amendment stops them from moving forward. Our ocean economy is as  diverse as the ocean itself, and there is no one-size-fits-all approach  to managing it. The problem we have with Federal programs is they take  a different course from how Congress intended for them to go. This  isn't cutting funds from the Ocean Policy Committee. It is just forcing  the Ocean Policy Committee to do the job that they were established to  do without adding unnecessary burdens to their work.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   