 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, I am  interested in this, and Senator Hawley and I discussed this issue just  today. This is the first I have learned of it--in the last 24 hours-- and I was pleased to have had a chance to have discussed it with him.   Coincidentally, we are facing this at the Dover Air Force Base, which  may be the finest Air Force base in the country. We have literally  thousands of people--uniformed personnel and probably another 1,000  civilian employees and a bunch of children--who are involved in a  school that is being rebuilt and replaced on the base.   I explained to Senator Hawley that we are facing something a little  different from the one he is explaining, but it is one that reminds me  that there are children's lives and health at stake, and their future  is maybe not in the balance, but it is a matter of concern.   We are facing, as I said, a situation that reminds me a little bit of  this in Delaware in realtime. Our school construction issue at the  Dover Air Force Base and the safety issues there that are related to it  have led my staff--my Delaware staff--and me to work with the Army  Corps of Engineers in order to make sure that the issues that are  particular to the Dover Air Force Base and to our school at that base-- it is actually a replacement school--are addressed. So, again, I am  more than just a little bit interested and concerned about the issues  that are outlined here.   My concern, in not spending like more than a few minutes in the last  8 hours in trying to learn a little bit more about the issue here, is  that I have learned that the drafting of Senator Hawley's bill,  however, to some is confusing and raises some serious implementation  concerns based on the initial feedback we have received from both the  Army Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Department of Energy as well as  from the initial read of the legislation from members of my staff.   Just a couple of points.   First, the bill appears to overlap a number of authorities between  these two Agencies, and the drafting of the text is not clear as to  which Agency should be responsible for the remediation or the  construction of a new school.   Second, the Army Corps of Engineers is telling my staff that, from  all of the testing done, the Agency determined the school to be safe,  and the results have been corroborated by an independent third testing  party.   In having not been steeped in this for days or weeks but really for  minutes, I need some time, and I think my staff would appreciate some  more time to work with the Army Corps of Engineers and the Department  of Energy to understand how we can help Senator Hawley's constituents,  including the very young ones who are involved in this.   With that, I am going to object at this time to Senator Hawley's  unanimous consent request in order to provide us with the time to work  with the Army Corps of Engineers and the Department of Energy on a  solution for this problem that will lead to its resolution.   With that, I object.   