 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in favor of my amendment to H.R. 3935, the  Securing Growth and Robust Leadership in American Aviation Act.   Mr. Chair, 22 years ago this fall, our Nation watched in horror as  senseless acts of terror were committed on American soil. That tragic  day, our vulnerabilities were exposed when terrorists forcefully took  control of passenger airplanes and fatally turned them into guided  missiles.  [[Page H3818]]    We lost 2,977 mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters, husbands and  wives, on that day. Mr. Chair, we also lost one of my constituents,  Captain Victor J. Saracini, who was the pilot of United Flight 175,  which was hijacked. The entire world watched in horror as that plane  flew into the South Tower.   We also lost our misguided sense of protection in an increasingly  dangerous world, as well.   Our Nation and this Congress resolved that after September 11 that we  would take every action necessary to remember those we lost and to  fulfill our promise and our solemn pledge of ``never again.''   Since coming to Congress, I have fought nonstop for the installation  of secondary cockpit barriers on all commercial passenger aircraft.  Alongside my constituent and friend, Ellen Saracini, and countless  Members of Congress from both Chambers and both sides of the aisle, we  have raised awareness and advocated for this measure to make our skies  and our passengers and flight crews much more safe.   In 2018, Congress took one step in the right direction and included a  rulemaking requirement for secondary barriers on newly manufactured  aircraft.   Mr. Chair, my amendment today builds on that effort by directing the  FAA to issue a final rule extending the requirement for secondary  cockpit barriers to all commercial passenger aircraft. This  commonsense, low-cost safety measure will protect the integrity of the  flight deck and prevent dangerous and hostile individuals from  accessing the cockpit.   Mr. Chair, Congress has a solemn obligation not just to the victims  and survivors of 9/11 but to our pilots, to our flight crews, and to  our passengers and their families to implement this safety measure on  all commercial passenger aircraft as soon as possible.   I am grateful to my bipartisan colleagues, as well as Chairman  Graves, the committee, and the amazing staff that serve on it for their  support of this critical national security issue.   Mr. Chair, I urge all my House colleagues to adopt my amendment, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   