 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania. I couldn't  help but notice my colleagues on the other side of the aisle going, yet  again, to one of their pages in their playbook that they love to bring  out every single time we have a debate--oh, who can you trust?   You can't trust corporate America. Guess what? I don't trust  corporate America. I don't trust Big Oil. I don't. I don't trust them  any more than I trust any of the big government bureaucrats that decide  what is best for me. I do trust the market.   I do trust people being able to go out and use their capital to go  out and produce the best energy for the American people. This  administration and my Democratic colleagues don't want to do that, as  exemplified by the fact that the President of the United States dumped  300 million barrels out of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve last year  heading into an election.   Mr. Speaker, 300 million barrels. They cut the Strategic Petroleum  Reserve in half in order to bail out their election because their  policies were so bad. Even Goldman Sachs is saying that the so-called  Inflation Reduction Act, which massively expands unreliable energy,  would cost $1.2 trillion. That is the truth.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule for this bill. I think it  is critically important that we take a massive step forward to try to  ensure that we open up exploration on lands, repeal the methane tax,  and overall permitting.   It is only a simple step because the step that has to be taken is to  free up the market from the ungodly amount of subsidies coming from  Washington, subsidizing unreliable energy at the expense of capital  being able to flow into the development of oil and natural gas and  nuclear power to ensure that we have the power to live our lives.   When you have a cloudy, windless day, you have to have power. This  building is powered by natural gas. Hospitals across the country stay  open because of natural gas. The fact of the matter is, you cannot  power the world right now with wind and solar power.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle live in unicorn land  with fairy dust, completely ignoring the reality of what happens to  real Americans when the cost of their goods and services go up; when  they have inflation skyrocketing and raising up; when it is destroying  their way of life because people want to feel good about themselves  hopping in their Tesla and rolling around pretending there is a magic  energy tree. There isn't.   People's lives are at stake. My colleagues on the other side of the  aisle want the American people to lack the energy that they need to  live their lives productively and affordably. You want to know why  inflation is going up?   Because this body has spent money it doesn't have. The Fed has  printed money and jacked up the extent to which we have massive easy  money out in the supply money. We have spent money we don't have. We  have regulated the oil and gas industry to death,  [[Page H1478]]  such that we don't have the ability to actually back up their magic  fairy dust energy supplies with wind and solar.   