 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the staggering  crime problem plaguing the Nation's Capital and an outrageous attempt  to unleash even more of it on residents and visitors alike.   The DC City Council unanimously voted last year to substantially  weaken its criminal code, including by eliminating life sentences and  most mandatory minimums for any crime but first-degree murder.   It is also lowering maximum penalties for some violent offenses like  carjacking and robberies. These so-called reforms weren't just opposed  by Republicans; they were even a bridge too far for the District's  Democratic Mayor who vetoed the legislation, only to see that overruled  by the City Council by a 12 to 1 margin.   DC is experiencing a wave of the very crimes this proposal is going  soft on. There have been 99 carjackings so far this year. Thirty-eight  homicides have occurred in 2023, and 203 murders took place in the city  last year--the second consecutive year its total surpassed 200.   This preposterous answer to DC's public safety crisis was also  rejected by the Washington Post editorial board,  [[Page S675]]  which said the city could become more dangerous while even further  tying the hands of police and prosecutors if this effort were to  succeed.    Let's be clear, only in an overwhelmingly liberal city, with years of  support from liberal lawmakers at the Federal level, would something  like this ill-conceived crime spree incentive be possible. It is just  bad policy. It is also unbelievably insensitive and disrespectful to  victims on the receiving end of heinous and violent crimes.   There is no justice in downplaying crime. There also can be no  pretense of keeping the public safe and upholding the law and order  when leaders refuse to demand true accountability from those who  brazenly break the law.   How should these victims react to these senseless proposals that  delegitimize their suffering and the consequences that they will  provoke?   Unlike our Democratic colleagues, Republicans won't make excuses for  criminals, and we won't sit back and allow far-left ideology to gut the  criminal justice system of civility to deter and punish unlawful,  violent behavior.   For too long, our friends on the other side of the aisle have used,  frankly, irresponsible rhetoric about crime and policing that would  inevitably lead to ideas as bad as this or worse. From ``defund the  police'' to ``reimagining justice,'' there has been no shortage of  liberal slogans and agendas to undermine the rule of law and minimize  crime's societal impacts.   Democrats in Washington, including President Biden, have only poured  fuel to the fire. Many have openly embraced these absurd concepts,  including the 173 House Democrats who refused to overturn the DC  Council and stand up on the side of common sense.   Let's not forget the ultimate irony in all of this, which is the fact  that for the last 2 years, Democrats were demanding the Senate abolish  the legislative filibuster in order to ram through party-line votes on  incredibly bad policies, including DC statehood.   It seems that, for Democrats, giving the District complete autonomy  over its affairs is a useful political talking point, until it isn't.  If that doesn't undermine just how bad faith the push to wreck the  Senate was, I really don't know what will; and I am so grateful a few  of our colleagues on the other side had the courage to reject it.   So, Mr. President, I am pleased to hear that my colleagues and the  President--and apparently even the DC City Council--seem willing to  draw the line here. Thank goodness.   The question of how long it will last or if they have really learned  a time-tested lesson is still quite open. For the Nation's Capital and  our entire country, I hope this outbreak of sanity and appreciation of  law and order is long lasting.   I thank Senator Hagerty for leading the charge. He has done a  tremendous job, and I think it made a real difference.   I yield the floor.   