 Mr. President, thank you very much and thank you to  Senator Kaine.   I will start with this. There are a lot of things he said that I  agree with, and, particularly, that part about him not getting very far  with his looks and instead using persistence. I think he is absolutely  correct in that regard.   Senator Kaine has been a true, committed, good-faith warrior on this  issue, as has Senator Young, and some of the things that were said out  here are absolutely accurate and deserve to be underscored and things  that I agree with.   First of all, I really appreciate Senator Kaine pointing out the fact  that the deliberations on this particular repeal of the AUMF to get the  rule off of the books regarding war has taken a whole lot longer and a  lot more deliberation than the actual passage of it to get into the  war.   It is easy to stand here and say that people were wrong who did this  20 years ago. I don't know how many are left. There is only a handful,  maybe half a dozen, who were on this floor at the time they voted for  it. In their defense, of course, they had information that was very  different than the information that we have today, which is  unfortunate, because, as you have pointed out, there has been a lot of  harm done as a result of this.   So we should start with that, and that is that one of the most  important things we do here in Congress is deliberating whether or not  to send our sons and daughters into harm's way in war. There is nothing  more somber than that, and to those who actually fought in this war,  the view that America has toward them of appreciation for their taking  up the arms when we asked them to do so cannot be overstated. It is a  tremendous sacrifice that they have made, and we owe them a lot.   Having said that, I come back to what Senator Kaine has said for a  long time. If that vote were held today, I think it would be unanimous  that we not pull the trigger as was done 20 years ago. But that was  then and this is now, and the information is very different.   So to the men and women in uniform, their service was honorable. Less  than 1 percent of Americans raise their hands to answer the Nation's  call when this happens, and we have to commend them for that.   While I support the repeal of the 1991 Gulf war authorization, I  don't support the repeal of this 2002 AUMF at this time. This needs to  be repealed; there is no question about it. It should be replaced by  something, and that is one of the real problems here, because the  debate to do that has been ongoing for as long as I have been here, and  we have been unable to land on the same point to get it done. Again, we  mostly agree, but there is handful of disagreements on it. So with  that, I cannot vote for it at this time.   Part of the problem--well, there are two problems here: One is the  fluidity in Iraq at this time, and the second one Senator Young  properly and clearly outlined what the ambitions of Iran are. The  fluidity in Iraq and the ambitions of Iran are the two reasons why I am  opposed to repealing at this time.   Iraq itself is a less-than-perfect security partner. All of us on  Foreign Relations have dealt with that issue over and over again, as we  have had ups and downs there. They are a less-than-perfect partner.   I have serious concerns about the influence of the Iranian-aligned  militias, which I know my friends do also. These are real problems.  Across multiple administrations--both Republican and Democrat  administrations--the 2002 AUMF has been used to address threats  emanating from Iraq.   Specifically, multiple administrations have relied on its authority  to address the threat from Iran-backed militias, and Iran is clearly  the problem here. I have been in the room when these decisions were  made. I have participated in those decisions, and the 2002 AUMF was a  factor in those decisions.   Should the statutory authority fall away, we are only left with the  President's constitutional article II powers to protect Americans. My  colleagues on the other side of the aisle and some on my side of the  aisle are quick to point out that the President's constitutional  authorities are used as an excuse to support repeal, what we are doing  here. But those constitutional authorities are unfettered and really  unrestrained as far as the President is concerned.   So by repealing this, instead of reasserting congressional authority,  we are actually ceding solely to the President, the executive branch,  which no one in this room wants to do.   Further repeal signals finality and an end to hostilities but, the  Iranian-backed militias continue to attack us. Iran has long sought to  eject the United States from Iraq, but Iran and its proxies have  attacked American troops and diplomats over 80 times just since  President Biden took office and with only a few U.S. responses.   It is clear that Iran doubts American resolve. I stand here today to  say to Iran: Have no doubts. We do have resolve.   Just last week, we lost yet another American in Syria at the hands of  an Iranian-supported militia. It is objectionable that the  administration didn't notify Congress of this attack until after we  completed debate on relevant amendments and had adjourned for the week.  [[Page S1015]]    I know my colleagues who are on the other side of this issue probably  have the same bad feelings about that that I do. This was not right, to  withhold this information from us.   The Biden administration talks about defending our interests and  deterring Iran. The administration launched a strike in retaliation for  killing that American last Thursday, but in response the Iran-backed  militias simply conducted an even larger attack against us.   The truth is the administration is failing and has failed in its  attempts to deter Iran, and today we are in not a very good position in  that regard. That is why this repeal sends an additional dangerous  message at a poor time and further weakens U.S. engagement in the  region.   It is clear the region sees the Biden administration sitting on the  sidelines. This repeal will only add fuel to the narrative that the  United States is disengaging from the region, which we hear all the  time. We should remember that great power competition is global, not  just in Asia and the Pacific, though, of course, those issues have  raised their ugly head in recent years.   I also remain unconvinced that the administration has conducted any  meaningful consultations with Iraq, Israel, or other partners on the  repeal of this authority and how those reactions may affect U.S.  burdens and commitments in the region. Consultation with our partners  is always important.   Finally, turning to detention authority, for years the 2002 AUMF has  been cited as authority for detention for known captured terrorists.  Last week, I put forward an amendment that would require the Secretary  of Defense to certify that repeal of this authority would not harm  detention authority or the U.S. litigation positions against detained  terrorists. If a court were to find that the 2001 AUMF did not provide  legal authority for detention, which has not been settled at this  point, supplemental legal authorities like the 2002 AUMF would be  absolutely critical.    I sincerely would like to support this repeal--I really would. And I  hope to be here when we do get to repeal at some point down the line,  but now is not the time for it. The realities on the ground convince me  I cannot support repeal at this time. We have got to deal with the  world as it is, and, as a result of that, I am compelled to vote no.   Thank you very much, Mr. President, and thank you for all those who  have worked on this.   