 Madam President, I rise today to highlight the desperate  need to cut redtape and to get America building again. When I go all  around North Carolina and I meet with builders and contractors, I am  told by them that it is too hard to build and to complete critical  projects in the United States and in North Carolina right now.   We are struggling to build the infrastructure we need to achieve  energy dominance, to bridge the digital divide, and to attract good- paying, reliable manufacturing jobs back to our shores.   The primary stumbling block in this effort is one of our government's  own making. Radical environment groups are going well beyond what is  necessary to ensure a clean environment. They are weaponizing the  National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA, to indefinitely delay  critical projects by filing frivolous lawsuits.   Now, I hail from a State that cares deeply about the environment:  clean air, clean water, a livable planet. I believe Americans of all  political stripes share that goal. However, the changing dynamics of  global commerce and the global threat environment require Congress to  make it easier to secure our energy security, to export our vast energy  resources to keep our allies' energy safe, and to give our industries a  chance to compete against China.   What Congress must do is to add a ``shot clock,'' if you will, to  NEPA reviews and limit opportunities for repetitive lawsuits that cause  these very important projects to sit idle. We should follow the example  of our House colleagues and pass legislation focused on unleashing  American gas and oil production, expanding our capacity to export  liquefied natural gas, and easing the path for other forms of energy  like nuclear to come online and to keep America competitive in the 21st  Century global economy.   I stand ready to work with all of my colleagues on solutions to get  America back in the business of building large projects and tackling  large problems.   I yield the floor.   