 Mr. Speaker, there has been so much  misinformation here on the floor today, I think we have got to set the  facts straight here.   It is clear that providing refuge for individuals fleeing persecution  has been a central tenet of U.S. immigration law for decades. The  asylum process itself is a testament to America's history as a beacon  of hope, freedom, and opportunity for millions around the world.   However, here is the deal: Unfortunately, drug cartels, activist  judges, human smuggling operations, the open borders lobby, and radical  liberal administrations have worked in tandem to undermine that system,  to undermine the integrity of the U.S. immigration system itself, and  in the process they have weakened protections for those who are truly  seeking a safe haven from persecution by forcing them into a yearslong  line in immigration court.   Look, we all agree that the current asylum system is in desperate  need of repair, and the Secure the Border Act provides the necessary  tools to fix it.   We are hearing all kinds of fearmongering today from the other side.  It is not a surprise. There will be hand-wringing and name-calling. We  hear these accusations that Republicans are anti-immigrant and  inhumane. We hear grandiose pronouncements that the Democrats are pro- immigrant and pro-humanitarian values, but all of this is to try their  best to distract the American people from what they are seeing with  their own eyes. The chaos at the border is intentional. It is designed  by this administration, Mayorkas, and Biden himself.   To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, I ask you, what is  humane about a human smuggler abandoning a 1-year-old child in a diaper  at the U.S.-Mexico border?   What pro-immigrant policy is pursued with aliens suffocating to death  in tractor-trailers and freight train cars?   What are the humanitarian principles behind policies that encourage  child trafficking, sexual exploitation, and violence directed toward  some of society's most vulnerable people?   If you are going to be pro-immigrant and support humanitarian values,  you have to fix these problems, and that is what we are trying to do  here today.   Being pro-immigrant and supporting humanitarian values does not mean  maintaining the disastrous status quo because all that is going to do  is give us more death, more exploitation, more real tangible harm to  aliens and citizens alike.   Mr. Speaker, we live in the greatest country in the history of the  world; it is not even close. We are the most benevolent people in the  history of the world. We have a rich history of an asylum program,  protecting people who need it, but we have to fix this. These frivolous  asylum claims are creating backlogs in the courts.   I drafted the Asylum Reform and Border Protection Act. It is a big  chunk of this immigration package today. We are trying to fix this so  that we can do our duty as the humanitarian people that we are.   Our bill necessarily codifies key terms; it makes uniform  interpretations regardless of geography; and it reserves asylum for the  people who truly need it. Our bill will prevent this flood of frivolous  asylum applications that are running rampant and close the loopholes.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the Secure the  Border Act. Our country's stability, sovereignty, and security depend  upon this. The stakes could not be any higher.   