 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his support in  getting Mark Swidan back to his home and to his family. I also thank  the ranking member for her support, as well.   Mark Swidan is a native Texan from Luling who is currently being  detained in China on fabricated drug charges and faces an impending  death sentence.    Mark was arrested on November 13, 2012, while on a trip to China to  procure furnishings for his home and business. Chinese authorities  burst into his hotel room while he was on the phone with his family  and, without showing any warrant, arrested him and confiscated his  photography equipment, wallet, tablet, passport, and identity card.   They originally told him he was being held as a witness, but that  rapidly changed. Mark was accused of being involved in the  manufacturing and trafficking of drugs, leading to Chinese officials  trying to coerce him into signing a false confession.   Mark maintained his innocence and his integrity and has rejected  their attempts to this day. Nonetheless, Mark has been imprisoned in  China for over 10 years, despite the fact that no drugs were ever found  on Swidan or in his hotel room, and the prosecution did not produce any  evidence tying him to the drugs. The 11 other individuals indicted on  the same charges could not identify Mark, and records in Mark's  passport show that he was not even in China during the time of the  alleged offense.   As a result, Mark hasn't slept in the dark for over 10 years and is  exposed to extreme heat in the summer and freezing cold in the winter.  His hands have been broken a number of times. Mark faces abuse by his  captors and has been denied an independent medical examination despite  his deteriorating health in the detainment facility.   A few weeks ago, China upheld Mark Swidan's death sentence. It is my  hope that this resolution will signal to China that this death sentence  should not be enforced, and that Mark should be sent home.   Additionally, this resolution calls on the administration to use all  the tools at their disposal to secure Mark Swidan's release.   The People's Republic of China and the Chinese Communist Party have a  history of capturing innocent people and using them as political pawns.  This needs to stop. Unfortunately for them, though, Mark has defiantly  refused to be coerced as he waits on us to secure his release.   Mr. Speaker, I call on all my colleagues in Congress to support this  resolution and for our State Department to redouble their efforts and  use every means available to bring Mark Swidan home.   