 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Oklahoma for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we have been here for 8 months with one of the tightest  majorities in modern history. Yet, look at the accomplishments of this  majority, this conservative majority, with the majority of Republicans  voting for:   The strongest border security in my lifetime.   Fighting against this incomprehensible energy policy that is driving  up energy costs 40 percent, utility and gasoline payments, pushing  Americans into energy poverty.   We passed legislation to unleash America's energy resources, pushing  back this administration's brainless policies on energy.   We passed legislation to pull back, to stop spending, $4.8 trillion,  that--I want to make note--my friends that are carrying this motion to  vacate opposed.   We passed legislation to streamline regulations permitting  environmental laws for the first time in 40 years. Again, my friends  here opposed.   We strengthened work requirements for welfare to get people back into  the workforce. Again, my friends over here opposed.   I keep wondering, what is going on? Are we redefining what  conservative is? What is going on in this country today? What is going  on in this body?   We have FreedomWorks, Heritage, Chip Roy and   Jim Jordan say  something is conservative and these folks say it is not, and they are  right.   All of a sudden, my phone keeps sending text messages, saying: Hey,  give me money.   Look at that. Oh, look: Give me money. I filed a motion to vacate.   Using official actions, official actions to raise money; it is  disgusting. It is what is disgusting about Washington.   Mr. Speaker, we have watched as these folks right here that have  brought up this motion to vacate have refused to pay our military  servicemembers, refused to pay them.   I would quote my delegation member, my Senator from Louisiana, John  Kennedy. If we are not going to pay our servicemembers, if they are not  going to be there to protect us, the next time someone invades America,  ``call a crackhead.'' Let me know how that works out.    Mr. Speaker, I have heard people talk about  bad faith here. I have heard them make reference to this January  agreement--my friends from Arizona, Virginia, and Florida.    Let me be crystal clear: Not a single one of them was in the room.   You know what? The Speaker didn't meet the targets of that January  agreement, he exceeded them. The greatest savings in American history.  The greatest savings in American history.   Mr. Speaker, this isn't about fundraising. This is about our country.  It is about our children and our grandchildren.    Mr. Speaker, we need to stand behind this  majority. We need to stand behind the greatest Speaker in modern  history that has delivered the best conservative wins for this country.   