 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I join my  colleagues in standing to speak against a proposal brought to the floor  by my  [[Page S5381]]  colleague from Kansas--a proposal that would move aid to Israel swiftly  but ignore the urgency and the importance of humanitarian aid to  countries around the world, of investments to secure our own border, of  critical aid to Ukraine.   As my colleague has just spoken eloquently, we have all been inspired  by the tens of thousands of Ukrainians who, hearing the urgency of the  call to fight for their nation, to fight for their freedom, have laid  down their lives, have worked to restructure their society and to aim  towards freedom.   I have a hard time countenancing the idea that we today, on this  floor, in this Senate, would walk away from this moment of challenge.  As many colleagues have said and as I will briefly point out, the  proposal that has come over from the House is not serious. It uses the  tragedy, the horror of Hamas and its attack on innocent civilians in  Israel, killing dozens of Americans, 1,400 in all--the brutality of  that and the urgency of this moment--to advance a pay-for under the  cloak of fiscal responsibility that would add $27 billion to our  national deficit.   Many of us have already dismissed this proposal as not serious, but  this is a serious moment. As my colleague from Ohio has said, we need a  serious debate about our path forward, about where we are going and  why.   I want to speak briefly to two components of this bill and then  close.   Our President's supplemental proposal includes $13.6 billion to  secure our border. The last serious, bipartisan proposal on border  security, which was the King-Rounds bill we took up in 2018, invested  $25 billion over 10 years, $2.5 billion a year. This supplemental would  put $13 billion in 1 year into hiring thousands of new border agents-- CBP and Border Patrol; thousands of new staff--attorneys, folks who can  move the asylum process quickly; money for detention and deportation;  and nearly a billion-dollar investment in scanning everything coming  across our border to end human trafficking and the importation of  fentanyl. This is a serious proposal that deserves serious support.   Last, the humanitarian piece of this overall supplement would not  just help ease the suffering in Ukraine, in Gaza, but in dozens of  countries around the world facing a collapse due to a global calamity  of hunger.   Let me conclude. It is right now--right now--twilight, dusk in Kyiv.  It is right now as we debate on this floor twilight, dusk in Jerusalem.  I am confident there are members of the Ukrainian Government, there are  members of the leadership of Ukrainian forces, there are individuals on  the frontline in Ukraine listening to this debate, urgently wondering:  Will we stand? Will this Senate that invited President Zelenskyy to  address us in the Old Senate Chamber just 6 weeks ago keep our word?  Will we stand or will we fall? This is a moment that will test our  Nation. This is a moment that tests this body. Will we allow ourselves  to be distracted by moments of comfort or ease or will we take up the  hard work with the leadership of this talented and capable pair, the  chair and vice chair of our Appropriations Committee? Will we  negotiate? Will we compromise? Will we take up the challenge laid  before us to be the indispensable Nation that will care for those in  need, that will secure our own border, that will defend Israel, that  will defend Ukraine, that will look and face this moment and say: We  are the indispensable Nation.   Will we stand, Mr. President?   It is my prayer that we have, we must, and we will.   With that, I yield the floor to my colleague from the State of  Washington.   