 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I know that some of my colleagues on the  other side may think a degree from google.com makes them a public  health expert, but the truth is it doesn't.   I am sick and tired of coming down here to the floor wasting time on  anti-vaxxer junk science dug up from the darkest corners of the  internet and brought to the House floor. Once again, it should be no  surprise to anybody, we are bringing this bill to the floor in which  lots of questions have been raised without a single hearing, without a  markup.   By the way, the Energy and Commerce Committee today is having a  hearing but, unfortunately, this bill is not the subject of that  hearing because here we are on the House floor.   The amendment I am offering today is simple. All we are saying is the  CDC should continue to have the authority in the future to demand that  visitors to the United States show proof of vaccination for diseases  other than COVID. It is not complicated. It is not a radical idea.   We already require multiple vaccines for people who are immigrating  or seeking refuge in this country for diseases like smallpox, polio,  measles, and mumps. Why? Because they work.   My colleagues on the other side seem to think that if there is a  polio or smallpox outbreak in another country, they don't want the CDC  requiring proof of vaccination for people traveling from those  countries to the United States. But using their logic, that is where we  are headed.   We have wasted 2 weeks now on these ridiculous anti-vaxxer conspiracy  theory bills. We have Members that watched a few YouTube videos, and  they think they know more about all the medical research than the  experts on this subject. They think they know more than all the  scientists, all the doctors, and all the public health professionals.  It is embarrassing and, quite frankly, it is alarming.   But what is even more disappointing is that we have doctors in  Congress who, shamefully, stood in silence while anti-science and anti- safety rhetoric has run rampant.   The majority says that this bill doesn't apply to other vaccines.  Well, if they believe that, they should vote for this amendment and  clarify their intent.   So let's just put this out in the open. This bill isn't about COVID  vaccines. It is about disinformation. It is about conspiracy theories  that, quite frankly, confuse people and can pose a threat to the people  of this country. This doesn't put politics over science, it puts  science over politics.   I don't want anything in this bogus bill to be used to diminish the  CDC's authority to respond to public health emergencies in the future.  The purpose of the CDC is to prevent the spread of disease in this  country, and we should let them do their job.   I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I am just asking, urging that we clarify  that the anti-vax rhetoric we hear on the other side of the aisle  doesn't apply to other vaccines beyond COVID. There is a trust issue  here.    I will give you an example. Last night, when the President asked that  the Republicans not vote to cut Social Security and Medicare, you all  said you weren't going to do that.   Yet, we look today, we see statements from people like Senator Mike  Lee who said that his objective is to phase out Social Security; to  pull it up by the roots and get rid of it.   The Republican Study Committee released a budget that calls for  [[Page H754]]  privatizing Social Security and raising the eligibility ages for Social  Security and Medicare.   We have had Senator Lindsey Graham suggest raising the age for Social  Security and cutting benefits for seniors, while making them pay more.  I can go on; Rick Scott introduced a bill that would sunset Social  Security, so there is a trust issue.   Quite frankly, in order for me to agree with the gentleman, I would  have to forget everything that I heard in the Rules Committee last  night.   So this simply says that your anti-vax rhetoric does not apply to  other health emergencies and other vaccines. This is about protecting  the safety and well-being of the people of this country.   Again, if you had a hearing, and if you brought the CDC head up and  asked these questions, maybe we would all feel a little bit more  comfortable, but you are rushing this to the floor because you are  looking for a sound bite; you are looking for a moment on Tucker  Carlson or whatever, or more Twitter followers or whatever.   We are interested in responsible legislating, so we would appreciate  a reassurance that, in fact, your anti-vax rhetoric doesn't apply to  other vaccines.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   