 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Smith for yielding.   Today, we are considering a historic bipartisan resolution to support  American solar manufacturers and workers and hold the Chinese Communist  Party accountable for dodging our trade laws.   H.J. Res. 39 will undo a Biden administration's rule that allowed  Chinese solar manufacturers who use forced labor to dodge American  trade laws and dump inferior product on the United States.   They are doing this by slapping a new label on their products and  exporting them to third-party countries like Cambodia, Malaysia,  Thailand, and Vietnam.   The Department of Commerce, in a preliminary investigation, concluded  that the Chinese solar companies are, in fact, sending their products  through these four southeast Asian countries to avoid paying a higher  tariff.   If left in place, this rule will benefit the Chinese Communist Party.  Make no mistake about that. They are not our friends; they are an  enemy. This will be at the detriment of American companies and workers.   Unfortunately, some believe we must tolerate China's bad decisions  and remain dependent on adversarial nations to create renewable energy.  That is a false choice, so says the AFL-CIO.   The United States can and should focus its resources into developing  our own solar products and boosting American competitiveness around the  world, rather than supporting China's quest to dominate the market and  control energy supply.   This bipartisan resolution is a critical step to hold the Chinese  Communist Party accountable for everything from their human rights  abuses to their unfair trade practices, all the while protecting  American solar manufacturers and workers.   Why not be an exporter of great American products rather than an  importer of cheap Chinese products?   For those who say they are clean energy advocates, I would like to  remind them that their Chinese solar panels are built without any  environmental protection or controls whatsoever. American solar panels  have environmental protection requirements.   Most are aware, and I hope everyone in this Chamber is for sure  aware, that through economic dominance, China hopes to achieve military  superiority. We need to stop helping China do that.   How good is this resolution?   As if the facts are not clear enough already, keep this in mind: This  is a policy that President Obama and President Trump both agreed on. I  know that is hard to believe, but you heard that right. It is a policy  that President Obama and President Trump both agreed on.   Additionally, we shouldn't sacrifice the Uyghur people at the altar  of convenience.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting America and  H.J. Res. 39.   