 Madam Speaker, once again, President Zelenskyy is in  Washington to make the case for the survival of his country and to show  the American people and Congress why this war is so important. He  shouldn't have to.   As Americans, we have experienced fighting to save democracy and  oppose tyranny. That is why we fought the Second World War and why we  formed the United Nations and NATO.   Right now, Ukraine is fighting for those principles. We owe it to our  parents, grandparents, and great-grandparents to help Ukraine defend  against Putin's autocratic threat.   We simply cannot stand by while a sovereign democratic country is  wiped off the face of the Earth.   Autocratic regimes around the world are watching to see how the U.S.  responds to this conflict. So far, we have shown them what a united  NATO, coupled with the bravery and determination of the Ukrainian  people, can achieve in the face of tyranny. We must now continue to  show them that that commitment is unshakeable.   When President Zelenskyy made his first visit to the U.S. last year,  he emphasized the impact of this fight and what it will mean for  generations to come. He said that the Ukraine struggle will define in  what world our children and grandchildren will live. He was right.   This fight for freedom and democracy has never been partisan. Now  should be no different.   In these months, we have seen alarming examples of a shift. This  week, allies of Viktor Orban met with conservatives to push for an end  to U.S. military support for Ukraine. Over the years, we have been  warned of the far right's fascination with Orban and the influence he  could impose on their policy. Obviously, these warnings were warranted.   Ukraine's fight is our fight. Anyone who tells you otherwise isn't  paying attention. I encourage them to imagine a world in which Putin is  successful.   Should we fail to aid Ukraine further, we will hand Putin a victory,  and he will expand his attacks. I have seen firsthand the devastation  he has imposed in places like Bucha, with maternity hospitals in ruins  and bodies piled in mass graves following the Russian army's onslaught.   Our aid has contained this bloodshed for now, but Putin has plans far  beyond Ukraine. If Putin were allowed to take Ukraine, he would seek to  reconstitute the former Soviet Union. He would form a federation with  Belarus and Ukraine by installing puppet governments and then target  Moldova, the Baltics, Georgia, and others.   Should Russia expand its attack and cross a border into one of these  NATO countries, we are bound by Article 5 of the NATO charter to defend  them. The aid we have delivered has helped prevent this scenario from  unfolding. Rest assured, Putin is patient. He has the time that Ukraine  and apparently we lack. Congress has been wasting the time that we  should have spent passing a supplemental package.   Congressional dysfunction has reared its ugly head. We have fumbled  several opportunities to pass this funding.   There are those who argue that we must choose to support Ukraine or  Israel. Now, they argue that we must choose Ukraine or our own border.  These are false choices. In the words of NATO Secretary General  Stoltenberg: ``We have the capability, the strength, to address  different challenges at the same time. We don't have the luxury of  choosing only one threat and one challenge.''   The conflict in Israel and the conflict in Ukraine are linked. After  October 7, Hamas and Iranian representatives met with Putin in Moscow.  Just as Iran is supporting Hamas' attack on Israel, Iran is also  assisting Putin in his invasion of Ukraine.   To defeat the terrorist threat in Israel, we must also help Ukraine  defend itself from an evil autocrat. When it comes to our border,  Congress can and will tackle immigration reform and international aid.  In fact, we should be addressing both.   That means passing a clean supplemental and having a separate,  broader conversation about our immigration system's needs. Rushed  policy reforms are not the answer.   When it comes to Ukraine, we are running out of time. What we do or  don't do with Ukraine aid will be one of the most important foreign  policy votes we take in our lifetimes. We must do the right thing. The  fate of the free world is hanging in the balance.   