 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of  H.R. 1, the Lower Energy Costs Act.   Let me be clear, a vote for H.R. 1 is a vote for food security. Let  me repeat that. A vote for H.R. 1 is a vote for food security.   Let me explain. As chairman of the House Committee on Agriculture,  and proud Representative from Pennsylvania's 15th Congressional  District, I am no stranger to the challenges facing America's energy  industry and its direct impact on farming communities.    In fact, the Commonwealth showcases the nexus between energy and  agriculture production each and every day.   Pennsylvania is home to abundant natural resources from Marcellus  shale natural gas play to America's first commercial oil well. These  are responsibly developed resources that have provided energy  affordability to our Nation for generations and transformed the U.S.  into a global economic powerhouse.   These resources have also helped spur our State's largest industry-- agriculture. And just like any other region of the country, the  viability of our ag sector is relying upon access to abundant and  affordable energy.   By gambling away American energy independence and domestic oil and  gas production in the name of climate change, the Biden administration  has harmed the very industry--U.S. agriculture--that contributes to 13  percent of our annual greenhouse gas sequestration.   The hardworking men and women who feed and fuel our Nation in the  world are, in reality, climate heroes.   Even still, this administration has continued to take irrational  regulatory and policy actions that foster uncertainty and limit our  ability to meet the food, fiber, and energy demands of our Nation and  the world.   This legislation provides a reprieve for America's families,  including our farmers, ranchers, and foresters, who have struggled with  fractured supply chains, skyrocketing input costs, and historic levels  of inflation, all of which are exacerbated by excessive spending and  regulatory overreach from Washington.   American agriculture, if given the right tools and regulatory  certainty, can serve a vital role in alleviating global food  instability and mitigating costs for consumers.   H.R. 1 provides this certainty and will deliver long-lasting relief  for nearly every sector of the U.S. economy.   As I have always said, food security is national security. We need  dependable local power generation, adequate infrastructure, a strong  workforce, and lower energy costs for farm operations to remain viable.  It is time we return to embracing American energy, not abandon it, and  in doing so, enable America's agriculture sector to thrive.   House Republicans made a commitment to an economy that is strong.  Through H.R. 1, we are upholding that promise.   