 Mr. President, this vote that we are about to take  today has deep personal significance for me and for many others. For  me, as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I finally  have come full circle from my vote in the House of Representatives 21  years ago when I did not support the 2002 AUMF.   I have, for my 31 years in Congress, had a standard. If the cause is  right and the Nation needs it, then I will vote to send my son and  daughter into war, and I will vote to send anyone else's sons and  daughters into war. But if the cause is not right and the Nation truly  doesn't need it, not only will I not send my son and daughter into war,  I won't vote to send anyone else's sons and daughters into war.   And, at that time, as a Member of the House, I did my due diligence  with all the evidence that was available, and I saw no clear and  present danger, no imminent threat to the United States, and, above  all, no evidence--underline ``evidence''--of weapons of mass  destruction. So I voted no. I was in the minority at the time, and it  was, in many respects, a tough vote, but it was the right vote.   It is significant for some of my fellow Senators who also themselves,  many, have fought in the war in Iraq, and I echo what Senator Risch,  the ranking member said. When our sons and daughters answer the call,  they don't say: Is this the right or wrong war?   They just say: I am here to serve.   And so we honor their service, both in the Iraq war and in the Gulf  war before it. And I think what we do today, actually, is the ultimate  way in which we honor it. It is significant for those whose sons and  daughters, brothers and sisters, friends and loved ones have fought,  and it is significant because, for the first time in five decades, when  Congress repealed the Gulf of Tonkin resolution, we are ending a war-- the first time in five decades.   So, today, I want to speak about what we are accomplishing together  as we turn the page on that war and that chapter of American foreign  policy. It has taken 21 long years for this body to reevaluate the  adoption of the 2002 AUMF, and, today, we are working together--and  this is the ultimate expression of what this body should be; working  together, Democrats and Republicans--to support repeal.   And I want to salute the majority leader, Senator Schumer, for giving  us the time on the floor and a process for which the weightiness of  what we are doing could be fully considered, and I salute him for doing  so.   That makes this historic vote a bipartisan vote. With this vote, we  make clear that the Iraq of 2023 is not the Iraq of 2003. Far from  being a menace to the region, today's Iraq is a willing U.S. partner  that seeks closer integration with its Arab neighbors.   With this vote, we can show the world that the United States is a  strong partner, that we are not an occupying force, that we engage with  partner countries when their interests are aligned with ours.   This vote shows that, while we still face challenges and threats to  U.S. interests--and I agree with my colleague about the challenges of  Iran. No one has fought harder for over two decades on the question of  meeting the challenge of Iran, but this is not about Iran. This is  about Iraq. Saddam Hussein is gone. The Iraq of 2002 is not the Iraq of  2023.   This vote shows that, while we still face challenges and threats to  U.S. interests, the 1991 and 2002 authorizations for use of military  force do not address those threats and are not necessary for the United  States to defend against them.   This vote shows that Congress is prepared to claw back our  constitutional role in deciding how and when our Nation goes to war and  also when it should end wars. It also protects against future  administrations abusing authorizations that outlive their mandate but  remain on the books.   We can take our responsibilities once again to call if the Nation  needs it and the President comes and says: I need an authorization for  the use of force because country X is challenging the national security  of the United States. We can do that. But we should not allow any  President to use an authorization that was never intended for country X  or the circumstances of that to be the excuse to go to war without  coming to Congress. So I see it differently than my colleague.   To be clear, this vote has nothing to do with Iran and in no way  diminishes our ability to protect U.S. interests against Iranian  aggression.   It has taken a long time to get here. I want to commend my colleague  Senator Kaine, who has been a constant clarion call of our  responsibility and pricked the conscience of the committee and the  Senate on several occasions to get to this point, and also Senator  Young, who has been joining him in that effort, for their stalwart  commitment to get this done and to see this through to such a momentous  conclusion.   This is a defining moment. I urge all my colleagues to vote to repeal  the 1991 and 2002 authorizations to use military force in Iraq. We owe  it to those who made the ultimate sacrifice and to their families. We  owe it to the servicemembers who again may be called upon to fight. We  owe it to them to demonstrate that we take our solemn duty seriously  and to do what is right.   I am proud that we are taking this step today. We should all be proud  of the history we are making together to pass this legislation with a  strong bipartisan vote.   I yield the floor.   