 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on H.R. 3091.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise to call on my colleagues to support H.R. 3091, the  Federal Law Enforcement Officer Service Weapon Purchase Act.   This week is National Police Week, and I applaud the majority's  dedication to supporting and celebrating our Nation's law enforcement  officers who risk their lives every single day to keep us safe.   This bill is just one legislative commitment we are taking to support  our brave men and women in blue. This legislation would allow current  Federal law enforcement officers in good standing to purchase a retired  service weapon at market value from a Federal agency.   Current Federal regulations require all Federal agencies, such as the  U.S. Secret Service or U.S. Customs and Border Protection, to destroy  weapons after they have been retired from Federal use. That means that  these retired firearms must be crushed, cut, broken, or deformed to  ensure that they are rendered completely inoperable and cannot be used  again.   According to the Fraternal Order of Police, multiple law enforcement  agencies are currently in the process of replacing their service  weapons.   This means that 20,000 firearms would be destroyed, an $8 million  cost to the taxpayers. Taxpayers are paying for those weapons twice-- when they go into circulation and when they are retired.   Not only does this legislation have the potential to save millions of  dollars in waste, but it would offset the cost of purchasing new  weapons and fund other agency expenses.   I thank the cosponsors of the bill and strongly urge my colleagues to  vote in favor of H.R. 3091.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Van Drew).    Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I am proud that this legislation passed  favorably out of the Judiciary Committee last week and already has a  considerable number of cosponsors.   As we celebrate, honor, and remember our men and women in uniform  during National Police Week, I am proud to bring this legislation to  the House floor for a vote that will allow Federal law enforcement  officers to purchase retired service weapons and prevent wasteful  spending.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment.    Mr. Chair, good standing is already universally understood  by all Federal agencies. If an officer has been suspended, they  surrender their badge and gun and do not have law enforcement  authorities.   This is not a new concept. In fact, the Law Enforcement Officers  Safety Act, signed into law 19 years ago, requires a finding of good  standing by the agencies in order for retired officers to be eligible  to carry a concealed weapon.   By requiring an agency to adopt standards to determine good standing  for the purposes of this bill, her amendment would establish a double  standard where a law enforcement officer could be in good standing for  the purposes of their job, but the agency considers them not to be in  good standing for the purposes of purchasing a retired service weapon.  This potential two-track system is ripe for abuse.   For these reasons, Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I will just reiterate what we previously  discussed.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   