 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, today, I rise before you with a critical  amendment that remedies the harm imposed by political and military  leaders who emphasize social justice, progressive dogma, and climate  issues against the dedicated men and women of our Armed Forces, who  joined to defend our country.   My amendment specifically prohibits DOD from considering race,  gender, religion, or political affiliations, or any other ideological  concepts as the sole basis for recruitment, training, education,  promotion, or retention decisions.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I think it is interesting that my colleague  talks about the divisiveness of this amendment. It is not divisive at  all. What is divisive is how the military is becoming a political and  social experiment.   I don't know how many people over there or how many other people in  this Chamber served in the military, but I happened to join the Navy  the week after 9/11. I can tell you this, Mr. Chair: I served with all  sorts of people from all over the country of multiple colors.   Do you know what, Mr. Chair? The people whom I served with were there  not because of what race they were. They were there because they passed  the standards. They were there because they were the best of the best.   Do you know what, Mr. Chair? That made me feel really safe when we  were going into the most dangerous parts of the world.   That is what we need to continue. We need to have a military that  continues to be the strongest military in the world because of  standards and because the people whom we have there are the best of the  best.   The military was never intended to be inclusive. Its strength is not  its diversity. Its strength is its standards. Diversity can be a great  thing, but that should not be our focus.   I can tell you right now that you can keep playing around with these  games of diversity, equity, and inclusion, but there are some real  threats out there, and if we keep messing around and keep lowering our  standards, it is not going to be good.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Harris).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, that was unbelievably inspiring. My  amendment has nothing to do with whether or not * * * Black people or  anybody can  [[Page H3534]]  serve. Okay. It has nothing to do with the color of your skin, any of  that stuff.   What we want to preserve and maintain is the fact that our military  does not become a social experiment. We want the best of the best. We  want to have standards that guide who is in what unit, and what they  do.   And I am going to tell you guys right now the Russians, the Chinese,  the Iranians, the North Koreans, they are not doing this because they  want the strongest military possible. I hope my colleagues on the other  side can understand what we are doing.    Mr. Chair, can I amend my comments to people of color?    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   