 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I just got back from an important event  at the White House where President Biden announced a first-ever  Executive order regulating AI, artificial intelligence. I applaud the  President for breaking new ground with this Executive order, and I told  him that the Senate will work very closely with the White House to do  more on AI through legislation.   Tomorrow, the Senate's bipartisan AI gang--Senators Heinrich, Rounds,  Young, and myself--will meet with President Biden at the White House to  talk about the next steps we can take to work together. While today's  AI Executive order is a massive step forward, everyone agrees there is  no substitute for congressional action. Congress must act, must take  the next step to build upon, augment, and expand today's Executive  order by the President, and we must do it through bipartisan  legislation.   We must act with urgency but also with humility, balancing both  innovation and commonsense safeguards because you can't do one without  the other. We must act with urgency because other countries may take a  lead on AI--and countries particularly with values we don't share. But  we must act with humility because this is one of the hardest tasks  Congress can undertake because AI is so complicated, so far-reaching,  and changing all the time.   On Wednesday morning, the Senate will bring some of the Nation's  leading minds in labor, business, and tech to talk about AI's impact on  America's workforce, as part of our third AI Insight Forum. And on  Wednesday afternoon, we will hold our fourth AI Insight Forum to  discuss areas where AI will have an especially high impact, including  healthcare, financial services, and our justice system.   If the Senate's AI Insight Forums have made anything clear so far, it  is that the government must be involved in AI, must be ready to invest  significantly toward AI innovation, and that we don't have a lot of  time. AI development is moving quickly. Adversaries like the Chinese  Government are moving quickly. So Congress has to act quickly too. That  is why I am encouraged that the Senate's efforts on AI so far have been  both balanced and bipartisan.   We need a lot of voices at the table, not just AI developers,  although they must be there, but critics worried about AI's potential  harms and advocates from labor and civil rights and other areas.  Everyone must have a hand in shaping the legislation.   But our AI efforts must also remain bipartisan. They have to be  because the goal is to pass legislation, and that will only happen if  both sides work together. So far, thankfully, bipartisanship is  precisely what we have seen at the committee level, and through our  bipartisan AI gang--which I am proud to be part of alongside Senators  Rounds, Young, and Heinrich--we are making very good progress.   So, again, I applaud the President for today's first-ever AI  Executive order and note that the Senate will build on today's  announcement by working to get closer to passing bipartisan  legislation. We cannot afford to wait.   