 Mr. Speaker, like so many others, I deeply  regret that we are here in what was a totally avoidable situation.   I must take you back to January, however, which for many of us was  about not repeating the failures of the past and letting Republican  voters across the country down once again, when in the past for many  years, when Republicans have had majorities in this Chamber, we have  passed our major spending bills predominantly with Democratic votes;  something the other side of the House has never and would never do with  majority control.   Back in January, I expressed my concern that the previous 2 years  during my first term here in this House, we had not used every tool at  our disposal to fight against the harmful, radical Democrat agenda that  is destroying the country, bankrupting the country, and under which the  American people are suffering.   Most in here wouldn't know that I helped persuade my five colleagues  who comprised the remaining resistance in the wee morning hours of  January 7 to switch our votes to ``present'' to let Mr. McCarthy become  Speaker.   I went to him on this very floor to tell him that he was finally  going to become Speaker on the next vote. In that moment, it was clear  to me that I or we could have asked for anything in exchange for  switching our votes to ``present,'' but I and we asked for nothing.   The very next week, I requested and had a meeting with Speaker  McCarthy to tell him he had my full support and that I wanted him to be  successful because the country needed him to be successful.   In the ensuing months, I helped him narrowly pass the Parents Bill of  Rights and the Limit, Save, Grow bill--I think both of those by just  one or two votes--helping persuade some of my most conservative  colleagues to come along despite some of the concerns they had with  those bills.   We remained united as a Conference through the Limit, Save, Grow vote  as we passed a bill that was cutting spending to pre-COVID levels for  nondefense discretionary spending or just over $100 billion, historic  spending cuts, as the Speaker had committed to do in January. It also  included a host of other conservative fiscal reforms.   Unfortunately, however, that unity and that commitment to significant  year-one cuts and spending reforms were discarded in the failed  responsibility act, as I call it, which passed overwhelmingly, once  again, with a majority of Democrat votes, validating the concern many  of us had in January.   Many of us had begged the Speaker, pleaded with the Speaker  repeatedly, to utilize the debt ceiling to leverage spending cuts and  reforms.   Instead, he negotiated an unlimited increase to the debt ceiling  through January of `25, as much as we can come together and gleefully  spend through January of `25, with no significant wins for the American  people in that FRA or failed responsibility act.   The Speaker then said that we would use appropriations to bring the  fight and finally reduce our spending.   He said the levels of the FRA were the ceiling and not the floor, and  recommitted multiple times to go back to the $1.471 trillion that was  the Limit, Save, Grow levels, radically, historically saving $100  billion and lowering the deficit this year under Republican majority  from $2.2 trillion to $2.1 trillion. That is what we were asking the  Republican House to do, to go to $2.1 trillion.   Meanwhile, the Speaker had committed to bring a balanced budget vote  to this floor, something that still has not happened despite the work  that has been done in our Budget Committee to mark it up and have it  ready to come to the floor.   He also promised that we would bring all 12 appropriations bills well  before the September 30 fiscal deadline. We did not.   We simply, as Republicans, needed the Speaker to cast the vision,  request the support of the entire Conference, all of whom voted for the  Limit, Save, Grow levels, except for four who wanted to go even  further, to lead us in joining him, sticking with him, supporting him,  and sending the most conservative spending bills with the most  conservative cuts possible to the Senate as the best starting position  for negotiations with the Senate. Many of us begged and pleaded with  the Speaker to do that over the past 5 months.   When the Speaker failed to lead us to pass our spending bills,  bringing only 1 of 12 to the floor before the August district work  period, Members began to negotiate amongst themselves without the  Speaker to find compromise.   I was among those who reluctantly agreed last month to split the  difference between failed responsibilities, $1.526, and the Limit,  Save, Grow, $1.471. I reluctantly agreed to do that, to go to $1.526,  in order to pass our bills on to the Senate.   We then essentially forced the Speaker with the pressure of the  shutdown threat of the calendar to bring those four bills to the floor  last week, all of which I voted for, despite some of them not cutting  to the levels we agreed to and other concerns I had with the bills.   I reluctantly voted for a 30-day conditional CR, continuing  resolution, because it cut an additional $10 billion in the month of  October, going back to the pre-COVID $1.471 levels for defense,  nondefense discretionary, 30 percent, and it had border security. I  voted for that.   However, when that vote failed, the Speaker, this past Friday in the  Republican Conference meeting, made it abundantly clear that he was  willing to do anything to avoid the temporary discomfort and the  pressure of a pause in the 15 percent of the nonessential Federal  Government operations, which would guarantee that we would lose to the  Senate Democrats and the White House. If you are not willing to say no,  then you are guaranteed to lose.    That was confirmed with the passage of the unconditional 45-day CR  this past Saturday, once again with 209 Democrat votes. The Republican  bill, 209-1 Democrats; 51-0 on the Senate side.   The Speaker fought through 15 votes in January to become Speaker but  was only willing to fight through one failed CR before surrendering to  the Democrats on Saturday. We need a Speaker who will fight for  something, anything,  [[Page H4971]]  besides just staying or becoming Speaker.   If there was ever a time to fight with $33 trillion in national debt,  a $2 trillion deficit this year, 40-year high inflation, 20-year high  interest rates, a downgraded credit rating, and for the first time in  modern history and despite all the help of the media blaming  Republicans in the House, the polls showing that the public was blaming  Biden and the Democrats for an imminent shutdown. If not fight now,  when would we fight? Now is and was the time.   With the Democrats driving the fiscal bus off the cliff at 100 miles  an hour, we cannot simply be content to be the party that slows it down  to 95 just so we can sit in the front seat and wear the captain's hat.   Our current debt and our spending trajectory is unsustainable. We  need a Speaker, ideally somebody who doesn't want to be Speaker and  hasn't pursued that at all costs for his entire adult life, who will  meet the moment and do everything possible to fight for the country.   A red line was crossed for me, I regret, on Saturday, and so it is  with regret that I must vote against the motion to table, as I did, and  vote to vacate the Chair.   