 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, before we debate this amendment, I want to  start with some important facts. A lot of us, in our States, including  Oklahoma, are facing a foster care home shortage. According to one  report, between 2020 and 2021 to 2022, the number of licensed foster  homes in Oklahoma decreased by 8 percent.   HHS has reported that in my home State, more than 7,400 children were  in foster care as of 2021 and more than 3,700 were awaiting adoption.  This reflects a national crisis in our foster care system where more  than half of the States, between 2021 and 2022, reported declines in  licensed foster homes. Additionally, more than 407,000 children and  adolescents were in foster care as of 2021 and 113,000 awaited  adoptions.   With these sobering facts in mind, we need to recognize that any new  foster care policies have to be directed toward solving a shortage, not  making it worse. I sincerely ask my colleagues to keep this idea, which  I hope we can all agree on, as you consider this amendment before you.   This amendment would prevent the Department of Health and Human  Services from finalizing or enforcing its proposed rule titled: ``Safe  and Appropriate Foster Care Placement Requirements for Titles IV-E and  IV-B,'' a rule which will worsen our foster care crisis, burden States,  and create a hostile environment for faith-based providers, harming  children.   If finalized, this rule requires State and Tribal agencies to ensure  that children who identify as LGBTQI+ are placed only with providers  designated as safe and appropriate. In order to be considered ``safe  and appropriate,'' providers seeking to take such a child who  identifies as LGBTQ+ must actively affirm the child's identity, use  preferred pronouns, and facilitate the child's access to ``services and  activities'' to support the child's identity.   We can infer from this that providers will be required to facilitate  giving children puberty blockers, cross-sex hormones, and other  dangerous treatments to be in compliance. This will co-opt State  agencies and foster care parents into the radical Biden  administration's agenda, which is sexualizing our kids.   This rule also has a glaring federalism concern. As of November 2023,  at least 18 States enforced laws that protect children from harmful,  irreversible, medical election transition procedures, yet these States  would have to violate their own statutes to be in compliance with this  rule. Assistance to child welfare agencies should not be contingent on  States' willingness to affirm the Biden administration's radical gender  ideology aimed squarely at children.   Another federalism concern is that HHS admits this rule would have a  ``substantial direct impact'' on the cost State agencies will incur.  The Department estimates that the combined total Federal and State  agency costs of this rule between 2025 and 2027 will be almost $40  million. State agencies are already barely scraping by with current  resources. This will be another burden placed on them from the Federal  Government.   This rule could also create an environment of hostility toward faith- based providers. By directing States to enact policies that label  providers with basic religious views on human sexuality as unsafe and  inappropriate, this rule clearly indicates that the LGBTQ+ affirmation  is the only way for a child welfare provider to be deemed legitimate.  Besides attacking religious liberty, this is concerning since faith- based providers play an enormous role in the foster care system.   Let me back that up. Pew Research finds that 65 percent of non-kin  foster family parents attend religious services weekly compared to 39  percent of the population. Research has also found that practicing  Christians are twice as likely to adopt compared to the general  population.   Faith-based providers play an important role in the foster care  system. This proposed rule will have a chilling effect on the number of  providers available to help kiddos. Already HHS acknowledges that ``a  majority of States would need to expand their efforts to recruit and  identify providers and foster families.'' What HHS is admitting is that  this undermines their ability to recruit foster families. This rule  undermines foster family recruitment. Why in the world would we want to  move forward with this?   Given what I shared at the beginning of my remarks about States  facing a crisis in recruiting and retaining foster homes, this will  have an effect that will be devastating for young adults in the foster  care system. They will be less likely to find homes, and those who do  find homes will find longer wait lines.   Protecting our Nation's children should be a bipartisan, nonpolitical  issue. Unfortunately, the Biden administration has decided to place  thousands of children at risk.   Mr. Chair, I encourage support of this amendment.   