 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I would like to begin by thanking Chair Foxx  for her hard work in an effort to try to right our country and the  committee that she so artfully presides over.   This amendment, Mr. Chairman, simply adds international organizations  to the bill's definition of foreign source, including them in the  bill's reporting requirements. It uses the definition found in 22  U.S.C. 288, which reads, in part: ``a public international organization  in which the United States participates pursuant to any treaty or under  the authority of any act of Congress authorizing such participation or  making an appropriation for such participation.''   Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, Americans are all too aware of the  influence of international organizations such as the United Nations or  the World Health Organization. As just one example, the World Health  Organization was one of the so-called authorities trying to dismiss the  lab leak theory, with the assistance of prominent academics and the  Chinese Communist Party.   Many of our adversaries, such as China and Iran, are active  participants in these organizations, much to my dismay and to the  dismay of many Americans.   The fact that Iran was appointed to chair the United Nations's 2023  Social Forum, a conference focusing on human rights, would be laughable  if not for Iran's own very grave human rights abuses, which are  serious, to say the least.   I am concerned that should the excellent policies in this bill become  law, our adversaries will instead attempt to funnel money to college  campuses through international organizations. This amendment would  address that possibility and shed even more light on these foreign  gifts received by American colleges and universities.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, my good friend and colleague talks about  protecting national security and implies that somehow this amendment  would imperil that. I don't understand how letting Americans know more  about who is providing funds internationally to our universities in our  country imperils our national security.   We should know who is trying to attempt to influence not only what is  happening on campuses but the very minds on those campuses, whether it  is Confucius Institutes or an organization antithetical, maybe anti- Semitic, from the Middle East that is sending endowments and funds to  American universities to influence the minds of those who are  participating in education at those universities. It is important not  only for citizens to know but, quite honestly, for our Federal  Government and the security agencies to know.   Mr. Chair, I remind my good friend on the other side of the aisle  that I had a bill some time ago to require this reporting, which is  already required in many aspects and many respects, but universities,  even with the requirement, don't keep the information and don't report  any of it at this time.   Isn't that a peril to national security?   If we actually want to strengthen security in our country for our  citizens, then I urge adoption of this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend, the gentleman on the  other side of the aisle, but, again, transparency is key. Universities  have become, unfortunately, as we have seen in our public media on this  very day and on these very days, hotspots for international insurgent  activity in our country, things that are antithetical to our country  and our way of life, things that we have never seen before, anti- Semitic chants on American university grounds.   If those things are being stoked, inflamed, encouraged, and paid for  by international organizations at all, then Americans ought to know  that.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   