 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Congressman Jonathan Jackson, I commend you and Congresswoman Sheila  Cherfilus-McCormick for co-chairing tonight's Special Order hour.   I rise today with my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus to  address the recent comments made on the House floor by Representative  Eli Crane of Arizona during last week's debate on the National Defense  Authorization Act.   While offering an amendment that would prohibit the Pentagon from  participating in race-based concepts in hiring, promotion, or retention  in our military, Representative Crane stated that the military was  never intended to be ``inclusive,'' adding that the military strength  is ``not in its diversity.''   Representative Crane would go on to refer to Black servicemen and  servicewomen who defend our country with their lives as ``colored  people.''   These words harken back to a dark and racist time in our country's  history and should not be tolerated. Representative Crane's comment on  the House floor was unprofessional, wholly inappropriate, and  unbecoming of a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives.   Furthermore, to have a word like that spoken anywhere but here on the  [[Page H3634]]  House floor in the year 2023 actually speaks to the very need for  diversity, equity, and inclusion.   Sadly, in the days since, we have heard from Members on the other  side of the aisle who have tried to provide cover for Representative  Crane. We need to be absolutely clear here tonight. For a Member of  this body to use the words ``colored people'' in this Chamber in 2023  is unconscionable, and it calls for nothing short of full condemnation.   From the Speaker of this body to the leadership on the other side of  the aisle, to those who claim to be allies of the Congressional Black  Caucus, your silence is deafening.   Representative Crane has publicly stated that he misspoke during  debate. However, he has yet to formally apologize directly to his  colleagues, including our former chair, the previous chair of the  Congressional Black Caucus, Representative Joyce Beatty, who was  handling debate on the very amendment before this body, or to the  servicemen and servicewomen who deserve far more respect than the  indignity of being reduced to a racial slur on the House floor; to our  veterans, our veteran servicemembers who have had to deal with the  consequences of segregation in our military, of being referred to as  colored, even on the battlefields while fighting for our freedom and  our justice.   What Representative Crane said last week while defending his  amendment was shocking, but it was not unsurprising, given what the  Republicans have shown us every single day on this issue.   Right now, in fact, the U.S. Marine Corps is without a confirmed  commandant for the first time in over 160 years. Why? All because one  Senator believes his political agenda is more important than the  servicemembers of our military. That same Senator went on to say he  thinks that White nationalists aren't racist. Well, what are they,  then?   MAGA Republicans have made it their entire political agenda to fight  against ``wokeism.'' Every time they use the word woke, I think they  mean Black.   They want to ban diversity. They want to ban equity and inclusion  programs and erase Black history from the classrooms. Ironically, what  Representative Crane's comments made clear is that the very diversity,  equity, and inclusion programs that they fight against are necessary.  They are necessary in boardrooms, in our schools, in the halls of  Congress, and, yes, in our military, which grows more diverse every  day.   In fact, more than 40 percent of our servicemembers today are  servicemembers from a broad array: African American, Latino, Asian  American, and Pacific Islanders who are serving our country and do not  deserve to be called anything other than honorable.   Instead of prioritizing military readiness and the needs of our  servicemembers, MAGA Republicans are more concerned with stoking  culture wars to appease their base, which will only make it more  difficult to recruit servicemembers from diverse backgrounds.   In fact, I am a member of the Armed Services Committee, and when we  were discussing this in committee, I put into the Record a report from  the Gold Star families who conducted a survey of our servicemembers and  their families who expressed the very concerns around racial tolerance  and discrimination as a factor of whether or not people wanted to join  the military.   If you are so concerned about recruitment, you might actually want to  focus on eliminating the issues of hate, discrimination, and white  supremacy in the military.   My message here tonight, along with my colleagues, is not only will  the Congressional Black Caucus continue to call for Representative  Crane to make a formal apology to this body, as well as to the  servicemembers that were disrespected, but we also want to state in no  uncertain terms that his views on diversity in the military are  misguided.   Representative Crane, Representative Gaetz, and Senator Tuberville,  we are not going back. We are not going back to the days of the 1950s.  We are not going back to when our communities were segregated. We are  not going back to when the term colored people was normalized. We are  not going back here on the House floor, and we are not going back in  America, and we will not be silenced. Our military is stronger when it  reflects the entire American experience.   Now, it is unfortunate, and, in fact, it pains me that this must be  said in 2023, but diversity is our Nation's strength, not its burden.  Instead of using it as a culture war issue, a wedge issue, I hope that  the Speaker of this body will condemn the remarks of Representative  Crane and anyone else who would try to bring that type of divisive  language to this body.   I commend my colleagues for being here tonight. I know that this is  an issue that strikes to the core of who we are and who we represent.   We understand that when we lift up the Black community, we lift up  everybody. The Congressional Black Caucus may stand for the 80 million  people across the country, but we stand for all Americans, and, yes, we  stand for our servicemembers in the military. May God bless them, and  may God bless the United States of America.   