 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, since the Senate last convened,  terrorists have sent shock waves through the civilized world with  savage, cold-blooded violence.   On October 7, Hamas and Palestinian Islamic jihad desecrated Israel's  soil and tore apart Israeli families with utterly medieval brutality.  Like ISIS, terrorists from Gaza turned peaceful homes and neighborhoods  in Israel into blood-soaked war zones. It was the deadliest attack on  the Israelis and on American citizens overseas in decades.   But now, reports and images of these horrific scenes have spread  widely. Accounts of Israeli women tortured and raped, of elders  kidnapped, of charred corpses, beheadings, of children shot dead in  their homes have shaken peaceful people to their cores. In one kibbutz,  a paramedic named Amit was working to save the lives of victims pouring  into a local clinic when she documented what would be the last moments  of her own life in messages to her sister. Here is what she said:  ``They are here. I don't think I will get out of here alive. Be strong  if something happens to me.''   A few minutes later, in a call from Amit's phone, all her sister  could hear were gunshots and screams. One in 10 residents of the  community were slaughtered by the terrorists.   Here is how one retired senior IDF commander put it after he ran to  rejoin Israel's defense efforts: ``I've heard during my childhood about  pogroms in Europe, the Holocaust, of course. All my family came from  Europe. They are survivors, but I never thought I would see things like  this.''    Madam President, the people of Israel are grieving unimaginable  horrors, and we have a responsibility not to look away--not least  because the same news that has shaken the civilized world to its core  has emboldened anti-Semites and terrorist sympathizers across the  globe. We have seen thousands of demonstrators cheer on terrorist  violence from the streets of Western cities.   In London, many Jewish children were kept home from school on Friday  out of fears for their safety. In Chicago, a bomb threat forced a local  synagogue to evacuate. In Sydney, Australia, a supposedly pro- Palestinian gathering devolved into a sickening flashback to the worst  stain on the last century of human history as demonstrators chanted:  ``Gas the Jews.'' And on college campuses across America, leftist  student groups cloaked vile anti-Semitism in a thin veneer of  performative, woke jargon.   So, Madam President, friends of Israel simply cannot afford to be  silent. And as Israel's closest ally, the United States must lead by  our example in supporting its efforts to defend itself for as long as  it takes. As I outlined over the State work period, this means loudly  and clearly distinguishing between the aggressor and the victim in this  war. No matter how many voices in the media attempt to ``both-sides'' a  terrorist attack, there is simply no moral equivalence here.   Responsibility for the murder of Israelis lies with the terrorists  who pulled the trigger and the regime that arms and trains them, and  responsibility for the suffering of the Palestinian people lies with  the Hamas terrorists who consolidated power by flinging rival civilian  officials off of rooftops, who use scarce building supplies to dig  terror tunnels, to turn drinking water pipes into rocket launchers, and  who use residents of Gaza as human shields.   Make no mistake, the surest way to stop violence against Israelis and  oppression of Palestinians is to wipe the terrorists like Hamas from  the face of the Earth. To that end, the United States must continue to  provide maximum support to Israel's counterterrorist operation as long  as it takes. And just as importantly, we have to reestablish deterrence  against the Iranian regime that not only directly threatens American's  interest in a peaceful and stable Middle East, but also bears the blood  of hundreds of Americans and plots to kill even more.   America's disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan, the desperate  pursuit of a new nuclear deal, and the failure to respond decisively to  attacks on U.S. forces in Syria have weakened our deterrence against  the world's largest state sponsor of terror. America's weakness left  our allies and partners with serious questions about the credibility of  our commitments. And if we fail to present clear and devastating  consequences of further violence against America, as well as our  friends in Israel, we will make deterring an even bigger strategic  adversary in Asia even more difficult.   Reestablishing effective deterrence means investing in American  military strength. It means investing in an industrial base that is  capable of equipping both U.S. forces and our allies and partners to  meet authoritarian oppression in Europe, in Asia, and in the Middle  East, and it means responding to challenges with credible and  unflinching resolve. This is a fundamental responsibility of governing.  Full stop.   I will have more to say in the coming days, but for right now, this  is not merely a terrorist war against Israel. It is part of a clear and  present danger to the United States and the entire civilized world.   This, Madam President, is a time for choosing. As Israel works to  eliminate the terrorists who threaten its existence, the United States  must reaffirm our commitment to Israel's security, and we must continue  to demonstrate by our leadership that no country should offer safe  haven to those who aid and abet terror.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   