 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, I rise today to ask a unanimous consent  request on S. 650. This is a bill that I have introduced with Senator  Hirono that would extend the Federal Communications Commission's  spectrum auction authority until the end of the fiscal year, September  30, 2023.   Currently, this authority is set to expire tomorrow night. Our  legislation would prevent this expiration and allow the Department of  Defense and the National Telecommunications and Information  Administration to focus on a statutorily required study which is to be  completed by September of this year. This will define DOD spectrum  requirements and articulate the risks should the Department lose access  to portions of the 3.1 to 3.45 gigahertz frequencies that are home to  systems that are used to defend our country from attack.   The extension of this authorization until September 30 would allow  time for the DOD and the NTIA to complete their study which, as I say,  is expected in September.   We cannot allow potential authorizing spectrum legislation to affect  any decision making related to the lower 3 gigahertz band before the  DOD and the NTIA release their study, which is expected, as I say, in  September.   The FCC's spectrum auction authority was previously extended less  than just 3 months ago. Unfortunately, each time this auction authority  expires at short and arbitrary intervals, we find additional language  being proposed that would modify the current process by which any  sharing of this spectrum would be determined. The Department of Defense  finds itself responding to proposals that include offering up for  auction critical bands of spectrum before this study has been  completed.   The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021 requires the  Department of Defense to conclude the spectrum study by September 2023.  Importantly, the study mandates examination of the feasibility of DOD  sharing the 3.1 to 3.45 gigahertz band of spectrum, which is a very  limited resource with the industry.   The extension which I call up today would make certain that the  analysis of the study is completed before taking action or before  actions could be taken which may potentially harm the national security  of the United States.   While the development of 5G networks is important to both the  economic prosperity and national security of the United States, the  premature auction of spectrum must not jeopardize the systems that  depend on radars and other critical sensors to protect our troops and  our citizens from air or missile attacks.   Many of the reasons that make an extension until the end of the  fiscal year vital simply can't be discussed here on the Senate floor  because they need to be taken in a classified setting.   Over the past several months, I hosted a series of classified and  unclassified briefings for my colleagues, their congressional staff  members, the telecom industry, and the defense industry. These  briefings were delivered by both the Department of Defense and the  NTIA.  [[Page S721]]    I think we all want to see the FCC's spectrum auction authority  extended, and I am offering a solution that extends that auction  authority and protects the national security of our country. I would  hope that the industry and those who support the continuation of 5G  would agree that an extension until the end of the year would be very  appropriate.   With that, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Commerce,  Science, and Transportation be discharged from further consideration of  S. 650 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; further,  that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I would like to thank my colleague from  Vermont for his comments.   I think we all want the same thing. We want the auction authority to  be able to move forward. I do believe that it is very appropriate  because there are negotiations which are ongoing, but none of them can  be completed until the report, the study, is completed on September 30.   If we did a short-term extension, we would simply be back here again.  But once again, the Department of Defense finds itself in a position to  where once again they are being asked to modify the appeals process in  this existing statute, which we already have on the books, and we find  ourselves under, as the Senator from Vermont indicates, a very serious  time constraint to try to get this done within 60 days.   My question is, If 60 days is good enough, wouldn't it be better to  go until the end of the year when we would actually have the data  available to make a good decision about whether or not there is the  availability of additional spectrum for a sharing or a sale that could  be used, perhaps, for 5G, but at the same time, we could be assured  would not impact our national defense priorities?   With that, I thank my colleague from Vermont.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I  appreciate my friend and colleague from Vermont and his offer.   My concern is that the spectrum study, which the Senator has  acknowledged, will not be done until September 30. There is no  reasonable explanation as to why we would not be able to extend until  September 30 the auction capabilities that are available at the present  time.   However, there is an appeals process which is very important to the  Department of Defense, and every time we have a discussion about the  process  [[Page S722]]  moving forward, the risk of an appeals process modifying or being  changed is incorporated or at least is being proposed.   For those of us who are very concerned about the ability to protect  the very clear and important portions of the spectrum that the  Department of Defense utilizes, it is important that there be no  modifications to any appeals process between now and September 30.  Until such time as we have that available to us, it is simply not  appropriate, I believe, to allow for an existing modification or new  legislation to be proposed that does not take that into account.   Once again, I don't want to see this lapse either--I would love to  see it moved on--but I cannot think of a reason we would not be able to  extend the existing auction capabilities of the FCC, the NTIA, and so  forth and still protect the spectrum capabilities of the Department of  Defense until September 30, at which time the complete report will be  available. Until such time, I believe that it would be inappropriate  to, once again, have the risk of modifications to any appeals process  and any additional legislation that might be included in a further  extension.   Therefore, with all due respect, I must object.   