 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2, the  Secure the Border Act.   Mr. Speaker, I must say that I find it quite comical and a little bit  scary that we just heard that this bill is nothing more than,  ``messaging.'' When I was sitting in this seat, I was wondering for a  moment if we were debating a bill or having some juvenile partisan  contest about how many times we could say MAGA and extreme, which have  nothing to do with this bill.   What is extreme, however, is the unprecedented levels of illegal  migrants, fentanyl, and other deadly drugs that have come across our  open border.   Title 42 ends this week, and we still have heard no plan from the  White House on how they plan to deal with the levels of illegal  migrants that continue daily to travel across our southern border.  [[Page H2225]]    House Republicans are delivering where President Biden refuses to.  The Secure the Border Act will help us regain operational control of  the border, combat illegal immigration, and stop fentanyl smugglers.   This legislation will support the brave men and women serving as  members of the Border Patrol by hiring an additional 22,000 Border  Patrol agents. This hiring blitz will allow Border Patrol agents to  return to their law enforcement mission in the field and not simply act  as processing coordinators. We will be providing incentives,  solidifying institutional knowledge, and help with the mass exodus  caused by the dereliction of duty of Secretary Mayorkas.   Additionally, this bill will end the controversial catch-and-release  policy which puts migrants into communities while awaiting their  hearings.   The Secure the Border Act will also increase transparency over the  Federal Government and strengthen current law to protect unaccompanied  children at the border from human trafficking.    We have heard about these amendments. There were amendments about a  border that we were told by Democrats were secure.    Mr. Speaker, instead of focusing on our border, these  amendments focused on challenge points, climate change, and about  moments in a news cycle.   Well, to my friends on the other side of the aisle, that news cycle  is devastating to many, devastating to those who have now been at the  hands of the cartel, devastating to those who have lost children and  grandchildren to fentanyl.   While the Biden administration is ignoring the safety and security of  our country, House Republicans are delivering on our commitment to a  nation that is safe.   