 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk as the  designee of Mr. Nehls of Texas.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would reestablish the Victims of  Immigration Crime Engagement Office, also known as the VOICE office,  within the Department of Homeland Security.   In 2017, President Donald J. Trump, the greatest President of my  lifetime, established the VOICE office. Its mission was to provide  support for the victims and family members of crimes committed by  illegal aliens, also known as angel families, and to hold criminal  illegal aliens accountable for these heinous actions.   American citizens should never have to pay the consequences of  Biden's open border policies. Sadly, angel families are becoming far  too common.   Just a couple of weeks ago, a criminal illegal alien murdered yet  another American citizen in the State of Texas. The family of this  American would have had access to the critical services that the VOICE  office offered, but by the stroke of a pen, the Biden administration  converted the VOICE office in 2021 to instead help criminal illegal  aliens.   Let me repeat that, Mr. Chair. An office intended to help families  who had fallen victim to criminal illegal aliens, individuals who  should have never been here in the first place, is now helping those  very same criminals.  [[Page H4647]]    Secretary Mayorkas himself said: ``All people, regardless of their  immigration status, should be able to access victim services without  fear,'' at U.S. tax dollar expense.   What part of America First do Democrats not understand, Mr. Chair?   When the VOICE office was fully operational, it assisted thousands of  angel families, connected them to crucial services, and worked to hold  criminal illegal aliens accountable for their heinous actions.   It is a shame that the VOICE office must exist, but until the Biden  border crisis and full-scale release of criminal aliens are stopped,  angel families need this support.   To my Democrat colleagues, mark my words: If you haven't already, you  or someone you know will reap the consequences of an open border, and  you will wish you had the support offered by the VOICE office.   Mr. Chair, I hope my colleagues across the aisle will start to put  America first.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chair, as my colleague said, we already have the  service, and it is supported. The problem that I find is taking this  office and converting it into a mechanism to support the same people we  were supposed to give refuge to our victims from.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleague to come clean, come to the table, and  tell the American people why he opposes funding another office to help  victims on a very targeted basis instead of funding the office to  actually go help the people who are causing harm and the purpose of why  the office was established.   Mr. Chair, I find it troubling that we can't simply put America first  when it comes down to discussing it with the other side of the aisle.  It is a sad day for America, and it is very unfortunate that my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle don't see the necessity to  protect angel families.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   