 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues for coming  down here tonight. It is a very important issue that we are getting  ready to talk about.   We are in a very dangerous world right now. Our country is being  challenged on multiple fronts across the globe. We literally have  American troops under attack in the Middle East.   As a member of the Armed Services Committee, as a U.S. Marine Corps  colonel, I know--we all know here in the Senate--that America needs to  have our best players, our most combat-capable leaders on the field,  and, right now, that is not happening. It needs to change.   I just want to begin by saying something very clear. You are going to  hear this a lot. I am as pro-life as they come. I strongly disagree  with what Secretary Austin and President Biden have done with their  politicization of the military on a whole host of fronts, including the  abortion policy, which I think is illegal and violates the Hyde  amendment.   And I have been working with many colleagues, but especially Senator  Tuberville from Alabama, side by side, for months, trying to get this  reversed, trying to get compromises. At the same time, we have been  telling the majority leader: Do your job. Do your job. Bring up  nominees so we can vote on them.   Now, we have had to force them to do it. Tomorrow, we are going to be  voting on the CNO of the Navy, a member of the Joint Chiefs; the Chief  of Staff of the Air Force; the Assistant Commandant of the Marine  Corps--not because the majority leader brought them up, but because we  forced them to. He needs to do his job.   But I also firmly believe that one of our most core basic  principles--certainly, as Republicans--which I think in many ways  distinguishes us from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, is  our serious focus on national security, readiness, a strong military,  and taking care of our troops and their families.   We all know there are current holds on our military. I want the  American people to know right now, 376 promotions to one-, two-, three- , and four-star generals and admirals are being held. It is estimated  that, by the end of this year, 89 percent of all general officer  positions in the U.S. military will be affected by the current holds  from Senator Tuberville. Either the members have to be forced to  retire, positions not filled, in acting capacity, or will be unable to  retire--this is pretty much the entire officer corps. This is hugely  disruptive to readiness.   A couple of examples: 288 one- and two-star generals are being held.  These are the men and women who run the military right now. We are  going to talk about other places. The First Marine Expeditionary Force,  the Third Marine Expeditionary Force--these are the war fighting  organizations of the Marine Corps--the Seventh Fleet, which is our  fighting naval force in the Taiwan Strait; the Fifth Fleet, the  fighting naval force in the Middle East. It goes on and on. NATO Deputy  Chairman, a three-star job, empty; Deputy U.S. CENTCOM Commander,  empty. The head of the Navy nuclear program, the head of missile  defense--all nonconfirmed.   We have a big challenge right now. Let me be a bit more blunt on the  issue of morale. The military has a huge readiness and retention  problem. These holds are not helping.   As I mentioned, I am a senior colonel in the Marines. Many of the  one-star and two-star who are being held right now are in my peer  group. I have known these men and women for 30 years. There is growing  bitterness within the ranks of our military, driven by this fact, and I  want people to understand this. The men and women in the military who  served our country so well for decades--probably the most combat- experienced generation since World War II--have made huge sacrifices,  multiple deployments, and now their careers are being punished over a  policy dispute they had nothing to do with and no power to resolve.   That is what is happening right now, and the idea that some of these  officers are supposedly woke or desk jockeys is ridiculous. These are  some of the most combat-experienced generals and admirals we have ever  had in our country.   Finally, these holds also pose strategic risks to our force. What  does that mean? We are starting to see military officers saying:  Admirals and generals, I am getting out. Or they have to get out if  they are going to be timed out.   We had a scandal in the U.S. Navy several years ago called the ``Fat  Leonard'' scandal. It literally wiped out a generation of Navy officers  who had Pacific experience. We do not want to be responsible for a  Senate-inflicted hollowing out of our most experienced military  officers, especially given how dangerous the world is right now.   So I have mentioned this before. I have worked closely with Senator  Tuberville for months, always defending his holds, always looking for  compromise. The one we are working on now: Lift the hold on the  military officers who have nothing to do with this dispute and can't  resolve it anyway, and put a hold on the Under Secretary  [[Page S5286]]  of Defense for Policy, who is in charge of this issue. Let's do that.  That is a good compromise.   But we haven't made progress, and the world is a dangerous place. So  tonight we are taking another approach. For months, Senator Tuberville  has said, if individual nominees are brought up for a vote one at a  time, he will be fine with that. On September 6, he said: I am not  holding up nominations for being approved. They can bring them to the  floor one at a time.   Well, tonight, that is exactly what we are going to do--individual  votes on individual nominees, just as Senator Tuberville has requested.  We have dozens. I hope the Senator from Alabama meant what he said on  this issue, and he backs our troops, who are true warriors and, yes,  heroes, who along with their families have dedicated their lives to  this country, risked their lives for this country, and have nothing to  do with this current policy dispute--nothing at all.   Last night on TV, Senator Tuberville said he was ``all for the  military''--in particular, our military heroes.   You are going to hear a lot about military heroes tonight, and,  hopefully, we are going to get a bunch of them confirmed, one by one,  as we bring them up.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Iowa.    Mr. President, we are going to start moving through  some of these nominations. My colleague from Alabama has said publicly,  hey, bring them up one at a time. And we are asking for a voice vote,  so that is a vote. So we are doing what he said, not sure why he is  objecting. Maybe he can explain that in a minute when I bring up  another--a real hero by the way.   And, look, what Senator Tuberville said about the policy and Austin  and Biden on this abortion policy, I fully agree with him. We should be  suing to stop it. I think it is illegal. And he is also right;  everybody uses holds. I certainly use holds.   But the key is you put a hold on someone who typically has some kind  of control over the issue that you are trying to fix, some kind of  responsibility. One of the things I have been talking to the Senator  from Alabama on is, all right, let's put a hold on the Under Secretary  of Defense for Policy. He is the guy. He is a civilian, and he is in  charge of this policy dispute. Let's put a hold on him--that is the  right guy--and squeeze him. But why are we putting holds on war heroes?  I am going to get to one here in a minute.   Again, I just--I don't understand. And, look, we can go in and out of  readiness, but my colleague from Alabama is 100 percent wrong, no  kidding. The readiness is being impacted when you have--I will just  give a couple of examples here. This is just from one theater: EUCOM,  the Deputy Chairman of NATO, pretty important job. It is a three-star  billet. It is empty.   The Deputy Commanding General of U.S. Army Europe--really important  job--empty.   Like I said, I MEF--that is the big Marine Corps combined force that  fights anywhere in the world; 25,000 marines, commanded by a three- star--it is a two-star. Now, for those who did serve in the military,  we understand this is a problem. Same with III MEF. OK. This is just  from EUCOM, European Command--72 officers are unable to assume their  new positions. These 72 officers include 52 who cannot move because  they have been nominated for a position that requires Senate  confirmation, as well as 20 other officers who are projected to be  assigned to a new position now held by one of the previous 52 officers.  It is creating a giant blockage in the way in which the military  operates.   To say there are no readiness issues--I am the ranking member of the  Readiness Subcommittee on the Armed Services Committee. There are  readiness issues. And that is the whole point. We have a really  dangerous world, a really dangerous world right now, and to say, ``Oh,  don't worry; this isn't impacting readiness,'' with all due respect to  my colleague, that is just wrong. It is not even a close call. It is  wrong, and it matters to this country.   Let me give you another example: the head of the Naval Nuclear  Propulsion Program, the nuclear navy--one of the best run organizations  on planet Earth, if you know anything about the military or just its  organizations. It was started by Admiral Rickover. To not have the  leadership in charge of the nuclear navy? That is a problem. To not  have the leadership in charge of missile defense for America? That is a  problem.   So, look, we can debate readiness, but my colleague on this, in my  view, is respectfully quite misinformed.   I am going to bring up my first nominee. Now, this goes to the issue  of some comments that have come out during this: Well, these one-star  and two-star generals are kind of desk jockeys, right?   These comments have been made.   They are not warriors, right? The real warriors are the captains and  the sergeants.   Look, I love the whole military, but the one- and two-star Generals-- I know a lot of them. That is my peer group in the Marine Corps. I am a  little bit behind them. I am not going to be promoted. I am getting out  here probably soon. But I know these guys, and the idea that somehow  these are desk jockeys? Do you know who these people were, the one- and  two-stars we are holding up right now, 289 of them? These were the  Captains and Lieutenants who were going fighting in Afghanistan and  Iraq after 9/11.   The current Commandant of the Marine Corps--by the way, every  American should be praying for him; big health issues--he has a Purple  Heart, distinguished combat.   These were the people who were kicking in doors in Fallujah, shooting  terrorists in the face, and we have people saying they are desk jockeys  and they are not warriors? That is just ridiculous. It is ridiculous,  and it is insulting.   So I am going to talk about a warrior. I am getting ready to call up  Col. Robert Weiler. He has been nominated to be a one-star Brigadier  General, to be the 1st Marine Division Assistant Commander. That is the  big division on the west coast of the U.S. Marine Corps infantry. I  used to be part of the 1st Marine Division. I am proud of that. You  need a Deputy Commander. They don't have one, OK?   Let's talk about Colonel Weiler--28-year career; commanded the 5th  Marine Regiment--I was in that regiment, the most decorated regiment in  the Marine Corps; 2d Battalion 4th Marines; 2d Battalion 24th Marines;  deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan I think six times.   Think about what his family went through, OK? Think about what his  family has sacrificed. And right now, people are being told: You are  not going anywhere, Colonel, because we have a dispute on an issue you  have nothing to do with that you can't resolve.   Let's hear a little bit more about this Colonel in the Marine Corps.  He received a Silver Star for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in  action against the enemy while serving as Commanding Officer, Weapons  Company, 2d Battalion 4th Marines, 5th Marine Regiment, 6 through 10  April 2004, in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom; heavily engaged by  enemy forces for an over 4-hour firefight while wounded by enemy fire,  OK? Purple Heart. He continued to fearlessly lead marines as they  destroyed this tenacious enemy. He is no woke guy. He is no desk  jockey. Oh, what else did he do? He got a Purple Heart in that vicious  combat.   He received a Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal with a combat  distinguishing device for heroic action in another deployment--2d  Battalion 4th Marines, 1st Marine Division, on 6 September in Ramadi,  Iraq. He took decisive action by directing fires of his raid force,  quickly gaining fire superiority and suppressing and killing the enemy.  Although dazed by a major blast, he continued to lead and direct his  team in combat, where they killed and captured all five insurgents on  their target raid list. So we are going to block him tonight?   The Senator from Alabama last night on TV said he respects all  military, especially the heros.   Well, you got one coming. You got one coming, Senator.   So we are going to do what you asked, which is do a vote individually  on this American hero.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session  for consideration of the following nomination: Col. Robert S. Weiler to  be Brigadier General in the U.S. Marine Corps under Executive Calendar  No. 95; that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening  action or debate; that, if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be made  and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of  the Senate's action.    Madam President, just for people who are watching, as  to that last nominee for Fifth Fleet Commander, you may have heard  there are two carrier strike groups in the Middle East. He is the naval  officer who would be in charge of all of them--right there. We could  have put him in charge. It is pretty important to have a Fifth Fleet  Commander ready to go.   He just objected to it. I am not sure why. Again, we are bringing  these up one by one, which is what I thought my colleague from Alabama  said he was good to go with.   Before I start going through my list, I just want to say, if anyone  is watching--Senator Ernst and I were just talking about this--just  listen to these bios. This is the best of America. This is the best of  America. These men and women have been serving and sacrificing  honorably for literally decades--all of them for almost 30 years at  least. So when you think about it, think about the families behind  these men and women. Think about their sacrifices. They are sacrificing  a lot right now, and there is a lot of uncertainty. In my view, it is  just a big mistake.   Again, I am with Senator Tuberville on the policy of the Biden  administration and Secretary Austin. We have got to fix that. But this  tactic of making the military members who have nothing to do with it,  of punishing them and their careers--which is what is happening, don't  kid yourself--it is hurting their families. It is the wrong way to go  about it, especially at this very dangerous time.   So, Madam President, I am going to call up the next promotion: VADM  James W. Kilby to be U.S. Navy Admiral and Vice Chief of Naval  Operations.   Now, if you want to talk about a readiness issue, the Vice Chief of  Naval Operations is the person who is going to be in charge, for  America, of our very decrepit shipbuilding and industrial base.  Everybody knows that that is a readiness problem, and I have been told  by many military officers that Admiral Kilby is the person--the  leader--who can turn America's shipbuilding in the right direction. We  have a giant readiness issue on shipbuilding. This person is the  individual who can turn it around.   I have been told by many, and here is why: In over 30 years in the  Navy, he commanded the USS Russell, which is a DDG-59, and the USS  Monterey, a CG-61. Vice Admiral Kilby's additional sea tours were on  the USS Sampson, a DDG-10; the USS Philippine Sea, a CG-58, two tours  on the USS San Jacinto. Vice Admiral Kilby most recently served as the  Deputy Commander of all U.S. Fleet Forces Command.   So he is a very important person. We could get moving right now to  help our very weak industrial capacity and build ships, which everybody  knows, as it relates to China, is probably one of the most important  readiness issues we have to deal with. This person tonight--this leader  tonight--could be confirmed to start that shipbuilding capacity for  America tomorrow as the Vice CNO.   So with that, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to executive session for consideration of the following  nomination: Executive Calendar No. 335, James W. Kilby, to be Admiral  and Vice Chief of Naval Operations; that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, the next nominee--again, we are doing  them one at a time, one at a time. I thought that is what my colleague  and friend from Alabama wanted. He still hasn't explained why ``one at  a time'' is not what he wanted, but maybe he will do that.   This is regular order, by the way. For those who wonder, Well, it is  not regular order, nobody knows what that means, but this is regular  order because, in the Senate for 200 years, we have brought up and  confirmed one- and two- and three-star Generals just like this: regular  order voice votes.    So when my colleague said: I am good to go with bringing up  individuals for a voice vote, for a vote, that is what we are doing.  That is what we are doing. There is no explanation over there so far.   OK. Let me talk about MG Sean A. Gainey of the U.S. Army. We are  trying to get him promoted to be Lieutenant General and Commanding  General of U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command. Wow. That is a  really important billet, the U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense  Command. So we want a leader on those issues.  [[Page S5292]]    Here is a little bit about Major General Gainey: 33 years--33 years-- of patriotic service. He has served as Deputy Commanding General for  the U.S. Army Cadet Command, the 94th Army Air and Missile Defense  Command, and on the Joint Staff as the Deputy Director for Force  Protection, J8, overseeing the Joint Integrated Air and Missile Defense  Organization. Major General Gainey has deployed in support of Operation  Joint Task Force-East and Operation Enduring Freedom. Most recently,  Major General Gainey served as the Director, Joint C-UAS Office, and  Director of Fires in the G3/5/7 at Headquarters of the Army.   In essence, this general is an expert not just on missile command but  on fires to protect our Nation--very qualified. I hope we can confirm  him right now. Our country needs him.   Therefore, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following  nomination: Executive Calendar No. 47, Sean A. Gainey, to be Lieutenant  General and Commanding General, U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense  Command--a really important billet and a really important command; that  the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate;  that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.    Madam President, let me move on to another Army officer  and the same kind of billet that, again, really matters. This would be  again on missile defense. This is Lt. Gen. Philip A. Garrant of the  U.S. Space Force--I apologize. I mentioned he was in the Army. He is  actually in the U.S. Space Force--to be Lieutenant General Commander,  Space Systems Command, U.S. Space Force--again a really important  billet.   Once again, if you look at this career, it is 29 years--29 years--of  patriotic service to our country. Think about what his family has been  through--multiple deployments.   Lieutenant General Garrant has served as the Commander of the 689  ARSS Air Armament Center, Eglin Air Force Base, and Vice Commander and  Deputy Air Force Program Executive Officer for the Space and Missiles  Systems Center, Los Angeles Air Force Base.   By the way, these officers who are doing all of the space work--Space  Force, Army, Navy--are brilliant. We don't have their resumes in terms  of their schools, but I guarantee you these are physicists--brilliant,  brilliant Army, Space Force, Air Force officers whom all Americans  should be proud of.   Lieutenant General Garrant most recently served as Deputy Chief of  Space Operations Strategy, Plans, Programs, and Requirements for the  U.S. Space Force.   We can confirm him right now by an individual voice vote, Madam  President. So I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of the following nomination:  Executive Calendar No. 293, Lt. Gen. Philip A. Garrant, U.S. Space  Force, to be Lieutenant General and Commander, Space Systems Command,  U.S. Space Force; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, I am going to bring up another  important Lieutenant General. When we talk about mental health and we  talk about taking care of our troops--we have got a big suicide problem  in our military in Alaska--having the top Surgeon General in the  military is also really important. These aren't just combat positions.  These are other really important positions.   I want to talk about BG Mary V. Krueger, U.S. Army, to be Lieutenant  General and the Surgeon General of the U.S. Army. Brigadier General  Krueger has had a 32-year career in the Army. She has served as the  Supervisory Assistant for Deputy Health Affairs, Assistant Secretary  for the Army for Manpower and Reserve Affairs, the Commander of U.S.  Army Health Clinic, and the Division Surgeon for the 4th Infantry  Division.   Again, boy, do we need that. In my State, with my troops, my  military, the mental health issues are so important. Having the leader  in the Army as Surgeon General will only enhance that issue. And we are  to say that none of this impacts readiness?   The Brigadier General's deployments include to Tikrit, Iraq, in  support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn, from 2009 to  2012. Most recently, Brigadier General Krueger served as the Commanding  General of the Regional Health Command--Atlantic.   I, therefore, ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of the following nomination:  Executive Calendar No. 283, Mary V. Krueger, to be Lieutenant General  and the Surgeon General of the U.S. Army; that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and  the President be immediately notified of the Senate's actions.    Madam President, let me move on to another service.  This is RADM Daniel Cheever, U.S. Navy, to be Vice Admiral and  Commander of Naval Air Force, U.S. Pacific.   One thing that we always think about in the military, when you think  28, 29, 30 years and the combat experience, is that the experience that  they bring is just remarkable. It is, by the way, the best military in  the world. And this Rear Admiral, in his career, has this in spades.   With 34 years in the Navy so far, Rear Admiral Cheever commanded  Carrier Strike Group 4, Strike Fighter Squadron 147--the VFA 147. So a  carrier strike group--that is commanding a carrier strike group. That  is several ships around an aircraft carrier. That is giant experience,  and we are making this person, this great leader, sit on the bench when  our country is in peril.   Rear Admiral Cheever has extensive EUCOM and CENTCOM experience as a  Naval Amphibious Liaison Element for the Commander, U.S. Sixth Fleet  and 17th Air Force, and as a battle director at Combined Air and Space  Operations Center, U.S. Central Command.   Most recently, Rear Admiral Cheever served as the Director of Plans,  Policies, and Strategy at the North American Aerospace Defense Command  and Director of Policy and Strategy at U.S. Northern Command--so,  again, a great warrior right here, a carrier strike group commander.  Only America produces these great warriors.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session  for the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar  No. 181, Daniel L. Cheever, to be Vice Admiral and Commander of the  Naval Air Forces; Commander, Naval Air Force U.S. Pacific Fleet, the  fleet that will take on China--we have a war there; we need this  officer--that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening  action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, and the President immediately  be notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, this one is special to me, since we  are doing all the different services: Space Force, Navy, Army, Air  Force. This is Maj. Gen. Roger Turner, U.S. Marine Corps, to be  Lieutenant General and Commanding General, Third Marine Expeditionary  Force and Commander of Marine Forces Japan.   The III MEF, as we call it in the Marine Corps--we only have three  MEFs  [[Page S5293]]  in the entire Marine Corps: I MEF, II MEF, and III MEF. This is the MEF  in Okinawa, forward deployed, waiting, ready to protect our interests  in the Taiwan Strait, in Indo-PACOM. Right now, III MEF doesn't have a  three-star general; neither does I MEF.    Again, that doesn't impact readiness? Of course, it does. Anyone who  knows anything about the military knows that that impacts readiness.  One of the most important fighting forces in the American military, III  MEF, needs a Lieutenant General in charge.   Maj. Gen. Roger Turner has served in the Marine Corps since 1984. He  most recently served as Commanding General of the First Marine  Division. That is at Camp Pendleton--really important, big division,  infantry division, great experience.   Previously, he served as a Commanding General of the Marine Air  Ground Task Force Command and the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat  Center--incredible combat experience, ready to go if there is a Taiwan  Strait crisis or another challenge in the Indo-PACOM theater. We really  need this general.   For that reason, we can confirm him right now--right now--by voice  vote, singular, what the Senator from Alabama has been asking for. We  will see.   So, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed  to executive session for the consideration of the following nomination:  Executive Calendar No. 191, Roger B. Turner, Jr., to be Lieutenant  General and Commanding General, Third Marine Expeditionary Force, and  Commander of Marine Forces Japan; that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and  the President be immediately notified of the Senate's actions.    Madam President, I just want to talk about an issue I  just heard about from two officers just today on this issue of  readiness, on this issue of maybe this whole episode is creating a  ``Fat Leonard'' scandal 2.0 that is like I said earlier when the Navy  had some of their top officers kind of wiped out due to corruption.  They lost a whole generation of senior officers with specific fleet  experience, which we are still actually dealing with.   What we are starting to see here--I am hearing it; I have a lot of  contacts; I have my colleagues whom I have served with. We are starting  to see that here. Imagine we are facing a really, really dangerous  world, that we have Senate politics driving military officers--our  best--I mean, are you listening to these bios? All 30, 35 years of  incredible combat experience. And we are driving them out.   As Senator Graham said, some are going to be timed out, eventually. A  couple are hitting that already. If you get selected and you don't pin  on by a certain time, you are gone. Think about how bitter you would  be.   But here is the other thing. Just today, I heard it, too--I am not  going to name them--Navy officers who are saying: You know, I think I  am done with this. I did 28 years. I did seven deployments. My family  sacrificed. And I am sitting here being held up, when my country needs  me, on an issue I have nothing to do with--and, by the way, Navy,  submarine commanders, aircraft carrier commanders, pilots--these guys  can go out and make huge money. So I am hearing it. I am hearing it.   We--not we--some of us are driving our senior Admirals and Generals  out. They are saying: I am done with this. I can serve my country  another way. I can make a ton of money in the private sector. My family  deserves it.   That is happening. That is happening. And it is wrong. It is wrong.  We all know it is wrong. By the way, if we are here like a year from  now and we are still dealing with this and we look back, we are like,  holy cow, look at these great combat veterans with all this experience,  and they left us; they left us because we forced them out. We are going  to look back at this episode and just be stunned at what a national  security suicide mission this became.   By the way, I am so honored to be standing shoulder to shoulder,  literally, here on the Senate floor with my good friend and colleague  Senator Ernst. You know, we have the Army and Marine Corps represented  right here on the floor. This is a joint op. It is a joint op.  Protecting our troops. Fighting for our troops. That is what marines  and soldiers do well. This is a joint op. And we are going to stay here  until our list is done. Because you know what? There are a lot of  people who sacrifice so much for this country.   And to my colleague from Alabama, you still haven't answered the  question--this is regular order, by the way. All these noms have been  voted out of committee. I am sure you voted for most of them. I voted  for almost all of them. Regular order, out of committee. And again, I  am quoting you: I am not blocking anyone from getting confirmed. I am  not blocking a single vote. If they want those votes on these nominees  one at a time, I am all for it, and we will probably vote for them.   That is the quote from my colleague from Alabama. So what is up with  that? We are right here. One at a time. One at a time. Regular order.   This is regular order, by the way, because for 200 years, the Senate  has voted for nominees by voice vote at one- and two- and three-star  General levels. It is different for the four-star. But this is regular  order.   So my colleague hasn't answered the question yet. It would be good to  hear why because we are putting time and effort into it. I actually  thought he was going to come down and say, Hey, you know what? You guys  did what I mentioned, one at a time, each one, regular order.   So, what, are you going to make us vote on a Brigadier General with a  Silver Star twice? That probably has never happened in U.S. history. I  don't know. It would be good to get an answer to that question.   By the way, on Iowa, what a great story from my colleague. You know,  I was doing some training in Alaska many years ago, and the Iowa  National Guard was out there. These guys were huge, big. Got a picture,  sent it back to Senator Ernst. Corn-fed. You don't want to mess with  the Iowa National Guard, I would say that for sure.   So, Madam President, let's get back to this. Maybe my colleague will  have a change of heart here. Maybe he will get back to folks--whoa,  maybe we should. And, by the way, we have the perfect opportunity for  someone in a really, really important billet. And this is for Maj. Gen.  David Iverson, U.S. Air Force, to be Lieutenant General and Deputy  Commander of U.S. Forces, Korea. U.S. Forces, Korea is really, really  important. It is run by a four-star General. And this would be the  Deputy Commander.    By the way, the Korean Peninsula could go any day. Tomorrow, we could  be at war in Korea. I am a big Korean war history buff. Do you know  what happened in 1950 in the Korean war? We had civilian and senior  military leaders in America who did not care about readiness. Sound  familiar? And when the North Koreans launched their surprise invasion,  American soldiers by the thousands were killed because there was no  readiness. We don't want that to happen again on the Korean Peninsula.  We don't want it to happen. So this guy needs to be confirmed.   And look at his resume: Maj. Gen. David Iverson most recently served  as the Vice Director for the Joint Force Development on the Joint  Staff. His over 32 years in the military, served in a variety of flying  duties to include evaluator instructor, flight commander, chief of  weapons, director of operations, commander at the squadron level. He  has commanded at the flight squadron, twice at the wing level. That is  huge. Incredible military experience. Two wing commands. He also served  as a congressional legislative liaison in the 609th Air Operations  Center command in Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar. Iverson is a command  pilot with over 5,400 hours.   America, you should be proud of these people. And I know you all are.  He has 5,400 hours, including 1,500 combat hours. And we are making  this guy sit. We are making him sit--1,500 combat hours. F-15, TF30. I  mean--Madam President, we should confirm this great American right now.  And we have the opportunity to do it.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session  for the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar  No. 187, David R. Iverson, to be Lieutenant General and Deputy  Commander, U.S. Forces Korea--Commander, Combined Air Component  Command; United Nations Command, Commander, Combined Air Command,  Combined Forces Command, Korea, and Commander, 7th U.S. Air Force,  Pacific Air Forces; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, well, that was another downgrade of  readiness for America right there.   Madam President, let me go into another very, very impressive  military member. We don't talk about this part of our military that  much; but, boy, oh boy, is it important. And this is for Maj. Gen.  Andrew Gebara, of the U.S. Air Force, to be promoted to Lieutenant  General and Deputy Chief of Staff  [[Page S5296]]  for Strategic Deterrence and Nuclear Integration, Headquarters, U.S.  Air Force.   Let me run that by you again: strategic deterrence with nukes and  nuclear integration.   I would say that is a pretty darned important billet.   Let's hear about Major General Gebara's 32-year career. He has served  as the Commander of the 325th Weapons Squadron, Eighth Air Force, and  Joint-Global Strike Operations Center. Major General Gebara is a  command pilot with more than 3,800 flight hours.   There you go. The best, most experienced military members in the  world, right here, sitting on the sidelines, not in the game. On the  bench. And we can change that right now; 46 combat air sorties, and  everything--get this--from the A-10 to the B-2. This guy is a stud.   In support of Operation Enduring Freedom, Major General Gebara most  recently served as Special Assistant to the Director of Staff of the  Headquarters of the U.S. Air Force. And we can confirm this nomination  by a voice vote right now.   Therefore, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session for consideration of the following  nomination: Executive Calendar No. 51, Andrew J. Gebara, to be  Lieutenant General and Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Deterrence  and Nuclear Integration, headquarters: U.S. Air Force; that the Senate  vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate; that if  confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action.    Madam President, again, strategic nuclear deterrence.  Pretty darned important. I guess he is going to have to sit on the  sidelines for longer.   I want to go now to another element of our military, and that is  Special Operations. And this is an opportunity for a really storied  military leader, Lt. Gen. James Slife, U.S. Air Force, to be four-star  General and Vice Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force. Again, you have  the Chiefs of Staff--those are the Joint Chiefs--and then they have the  Vice Chiefs. The Vice Chiefs are so important because they run the  enterprise of the Air Force. This General will essentially run the Air  Force in so many ways. Vice Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force. This  is one of the most important nominations of the evening.   Let's hear about Lieutenant General Slife. Again, 33-year career.  Putting all his time, effort--I am sure his family's effort--dedicated  patriot to America. Has served most of his career in aviation special  operations. Senator Ernst knows a lot about that. He has held commands  at the Air Force Special Operations Command, 1st Special Operations  Wing, and 27th Special Operations Group--33 years. Imagine what this  patriot has done to protect America. He probably can't talk about half  of it. He has deployed extensively over three decades in support of  combat operations all over the world, most recently in Afghanistan.  Lieutenant General Slife most recently served as Deputy Chief of  Operations for Headquarters, Air Force.    This General, right now, if we just have one Senator say ``good to  go,'' will be confirmed as Vice Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force.  Therefore, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following  nomination: Executive Calendar No. 338, James C. Slife to be General  and Vice Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force; that the Senate vote on  the nomination without intervening action or debate; and that if  confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action.    This next one, I believe, is an empty billet. I am  pretty sure. I have to double-check my math here.   This is Shoshana Chatfield to be Vice Admiral and U.S. Military  Representative to NATO. NATO. There is a lot going on in NATO right  now, and we don't have this Vice Admiral in her position as a Military  Representative to NATO? That is not impacting readiness?   Let's hear about Rear Admiral Chatfield's 35-year naval career. She  is a pilot. She has commanded HC-5 and, upon its disestablishment, was  the Commanding Officer of HSC-25, the Island Knights. She subsequently  commanded a Joint Provisional Reconstruction Team in Afghanistan, was a  Type Wing Commander of the HSC Wing in the U.S. Pacific Fleet, and the  Commander of the Joint Region Marianas.   Think about that experience. Think about that experience. We need  people understanding INDOPACOM, Marianas, to take on China.   Operationally, she has flown the SH-3, the CH-46 Delta, the MH-60  Sierra, and deployed in helicopter detachments to the Western Pacific  and the Arabian Gulf, supporting carrier strike groups and amphibious- ready group operations--carrier strike groups and amphibious-ready  strike groups. Those are Marine amphibious-ready groups. She has done  both, INDOPACOM and in the Middle East.   Now she is going to be a three-star Representative Admiral at NATO,  and we are keeping her on the bench. We could confirm her right now.  Look at that experience--35 years as a naval aviator.   She most recently served as the President of the Naval War College,  so she is brilliant as well. Sitting on the bench.   Madam President, we need to confirm her now; therefore, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for  consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar No. 90,  Shoshana S. Chatfield to be Vice Admiral and U.S. Military  Representative to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; that the  Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate;  that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.    Madam President, let's go directly to our great U.S.  Navy. This is James P. Downey to be Vice Admiral and Commander, Naval  Sea Systems Command.   Again, we all know that the Navy is the critical service. They are  all critical, but when it comes to China, we have some catching up to  do. This is a critical command billet.   Let's hear about Rear Admiral Downey, James P. Downey. He has served  in the Navy for 36 years.   I would like to--Senator Ernst, maybe we just need to add up the  experience that we are talking about tonight. Everybody is at least 30  years. It is like over 1,000 years. It makes you proud as an American.  It makes me sure darn proud.   Thank you, Rear Admiral Downey, for your 36 years of service to our  great Nation and great U.S. Navy.   He served as the Commander of the Navy Regional Maintenance Center-- boy, do we need expertise in maintenance for our Navy--and as the  Program Executive Officer for U.S. Aircraft Carriers. Wow, that is  great experience, and we need that every day.   He most recently served as Special Assistant to the Assistant  Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition.  Additional operational assignments include Intelligence Briefing  Officer to the Commander and Chief, Combined Forces Command, U.S.  Forces Korea, and multiple deployments in the North Atlantic, Baltic,  Arctic Circle--probably up in my neck of the woods in Alaska--and the  Indo-Pacific. Incredible experience here.   We need to promote him, and we can do it right now with a voice vote,  right here. We are bringing up individual nominees, individual votes,  as my colleague from Alabama requested, so let's do it.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of  [[Page S5297]]  the following nomination: Executive Calendar No. 113, James P. Downey  to be Vice Admiral and Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command; that the  Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate; and  that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.     Madam President, let's go back to my beloved Marine  Corps. I love the Marine Corps. I mean, I love all the services, but I  really love the Marine Corps.   Madam President, this is another critical element of the Marine  Corps. Of course, everybody thinks about infantry with the marines, but  our aviation component is so important and so darn good. Marine Corps  aviation has made Americans proud for decades and decades and decades.   We have Bradford J. Gering to be Lieutenant General and Deputy  Commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps Aviation Section at Headquarters,  Marine Corps.   Maj. Gen. Bradford Gering has served in the Marine Corps since 1988.  He most recently served as the Commanding General of I MEF.   Just so everybody knows, I MEF, which I talked about earlier, is the  I Marine Expeditionary Force, commonly known in the Marine Corps as the  Imperial MEF, probably the best combined warfighting machine in the  U.S. military. I am a little biased, but it is true.   He is a I MEF Commander. In the Marine Corps, you don't get any  better than that. You don't get any more experienced than that. And he  has had multiple deployments. He is a combat veteran with unbelievable  experience, and he is sitting on the bench.   We need to get him in the fight, and we can do it right now. We can  confirm this great American patriot by voice vote right now. Therefore,  Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of the follow nomination:  Executive Calendar No. 111, Bradford J. Gering to be Lieutenant General  and Deputy Commandant, Aviation Headquarters, U.S. Marine Corps; that  the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate;  and that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.    Madam President, I am still--I think we are both,  Senator Ernst and I. We are still just kind of confused on the ``one by  one,'' as my colleague and friend--he is my friend. So I mean that  sincerely. He said: I am all for it if nominees come up one at a time.  I am all for it. That is a quote. That is what we are doing--one at a  time, one by one, as Senator Ernst has said.   And some of these, you know, if you serve in the military long  enough, you know these people personally. And the next nominee I want  to talk about I know quite well, Kenneth Wilsbach. He is a four-star  General right now, and he is in charge of the Pacific Air Forces-- incredible experience. General Wilsbach will move in to be the U.S. Air  Force Commander of Air Combat Command, one of the top billets in the  U.S. Air Force--a guy with incredible experience, with a wonderful wife  and a wonderful family.   He served as the Alaska Command Commander. That is the subcomponent  command under INDOPACOM and NORTHCOM for Alaska--a three-star General  in charge of all forces in Alaska. So I know him. He is an exceptional  patriot and so deserving of this promotion.   And, by the way, it has nothing to do with the policy dispute that we  actually agree on, all my colleagues here. We think what Secretary  Austin did to light this fire was not helpful at all. The civilian  military leadership over at the Pentagon--that is where I do agree with  my colleague from Alabama. Certainly, there is more focus on  nonwarfighting issues--the civilians, not the uniformed ones.   But let's go back to General Wilsbach, a 38-year career in the Air  Force--38 years. I know this guy, a great family. He is a patriot  warrior. He has commanded a fighter squad and operation group, two  wings, two numbered Air Forces, and held various staff assignments,  including Director of Operations, Combined Air Operations Center;  Director of Operations U.S. Central Command.   Central Command--that is the Middle East. I was a staff officer out  there, for a year and a half, to our CENTCOM Commander many years ago.   So General Wilsbach has great Middle East experience, which we need  today, but he also has great INDOPACOM experience. Right now, he is the  Commander of Pacific Air Forces--right now. He is doing a great job. If  there is going to be a war with China, this is the guy who knows it. I  mean, you can't ask for better experience.   Let's continue with General Wilsbach. He is a command pilot with more  than 5,000 hours of flying--and we are going to put him on a bench--in  multiple aircrafts, primarily F-15Cs, F16Cs, MC-12s, and F-22 Alphas.  We have a lot of those in Alaska. And he has flown 71 combat missions  in Operation Northern Watch, Southern Watch, and Operation Enduring  Freedom.   As I mentioned, General Wilsbach currently serves as the Commander of  the Pacific Air Forces, the Air Component Commander of U.S. INDOPACOM,  and the Executive Director of the Pacific Air Combat Operations staff.   A great patriot, whom we need to confirm right now--we can do it. We  can do it right now by voice vote--regular order, by the way, regular  order. Don't say it is not because it is, and we are doing them  individually, which is what was asked.   So I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive  session for the consideration of the following nomination: Executive  Calendar No. 198, Kenneth S. Wilsbach, to be Commander of U.S. Air  Combat Command, one of the most important commands in the U.S. Air  Force--in the U.S. military, let's face it--that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, let me talk about another really  important billet that I know a lot about, given that a lot of its  assets are in  [[Page S5299]]  Alaska, and, again, this is such an important billet to not leave  without a leader. This will be for Heath A. Collins to be Lieutenant  General and the Director of the Missile Defense Agency.   What does MDA do? What does the Missile Defense Agency do? Oh, it  just protects America from all incoming missiles. Huh, that is not  important. That is what the Missile Defense Agency does. Maj. Gen.  Heath Collins, U.S. Air Force, needs to be promoted to be the head of  the MDA.   So in Alaska, we call ourselves the cornerstone of missile defense.  All the ground-based missile interceptors that protect the whole  country are in Alaska, at Fort Greely. All the radar systems that  essentially can track anything coming from North Korea, Iran, it is all  in Alaska. We protect everywhere: Iowa, Alabama, Rhode Island, Florida.  That is Alaska. We protect the whole darn Nation, our great warriors up  there, and the Missile Defense Agency is in charge of overseeing all of  it. So it is pretty darn important, especially with Iran wanting to lob  missiles all over the world.   Let's talk about Maj. Gen. Heath Collins. Again, with a 30-year Air  Force career, he served as a program executive officer for fighters and  bombers, System Program Director for the Ground-Based Strategic  Deterrent Program, Deputy Director for Infrared Space Systems  Directorate and the Remote Sensing Systems Directorate, and Commander  of Space Based Infrared System Space Squadron.   Now, I am not going to repeat what I just said, but he is obviously  incredibly smart. Think about all that he has commanded and the  technological elements of his experience to protect America. Almost  every billet he has had has been about protecting America. He is  perfectly qualified to be the Director of the Missile Defense Agency.   He recently served as the Program Executive for the ground-based  weapons systems for the Missile Defense Agency, Redstone Arsenal,  Alabama.   He probably loves the Crimson Tide, or maybe I should say Auburn. I  don't want to get in trouble in that regard with my colleague here.   So, again, America needs the Director of Missile Defense--like,  hello. So let us do it. Let us do it right now. Here is the  opportunity. The Missile Defense Agency is really, really important. My  state knows a lot about it.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session  for the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar  No. 237, Heath A. Collins, to be Lieutenant General and Director of the  Missile Defense Agency; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that, if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, by the way, thank you for presiding  tonight. It is important, what we are doing, and we always need people,  and all the staff. It is getting a little late here. So we appreciate  it. This is important for our country, and maybe we are going to get a  change of heart from my colleague at a certain point because I am going  to turn now to the Navy. I got a bunch of nominations that relate to  the Navy.   Now, I have been very critical of the Biden administration. The  President's budget the last 3 years has shrunk the Army, shrunk the  Navy, shrunk the Marine Corps; right? That is the wrong message to send  to Xi Jinping and Putin right now. But we do need these leaders here.  And, by the way, a lot of leaders are frustrated with the Biden  administration, but they are professionals. So they don't say anything.  They are apolitical. They are not involved in this dispute that is  riling up their promotions.   But let me just talk about a really important member of the Navy, and  I happen to know a lot about it since I serve on the Board of Visitors  of the U.S. Naval Academy.   This is the nomination of Yvette M. Davids to be Vice Admiral and  Superintendent of the U.S. Naval Academy.   Now, as I mentioned, I have served on the Board of the Naval Academy  since I got here. One of the biggest honors of my life was when Senator  McCain, chairman of the Armed Services Committee, asked me to sit on  that Board in his stead. And he told me: Dan, I went there. My dad went  there. My grandpa went there. This is really important.   So I pretty much make every Board meeting. I take it very seriously,  and I will tell you this: This is one of the best, if not the best-- sorry to my colleague from Rhode Island--military academy, but college  in the United States. I mean, especially now that we are seeing this.  Look, I went to Harvard, and I am so embarrassed by that place that I  don't even like admitting it, what is happening right now on the campus  there, anti-Semitism, weak leadership.   The Naval Academy, our service academies are fantastic. They are not  perfect, but they do such a great job. But they need leadership. And I  have gotten to know the other Naval Academy Superintendents--fantastic  leaders. Right now, we don't have one. The billet is empty. We have an  acting. Actually, he is acting because he is getting ready to go to the  Seventh Fleet, but my colleague from Alabama just didn't allow him to  go to the Seventh Fleet. So the Acting Superintendent of the Naval  Academy should have been out to the Seventh Fleet.   Let us look at Yvette Davids' bio--so impressive. She is a Rear  Admiral right now, with 34 years in the Navy. She commanded the USS  Curts, deploying to the Western Pacific and the Arabian Gulf in support  of Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom, and the USS Bunker  Hill, serving as the Air Defense Commander for the Carl Vinson Carrier  Strike Group. Think how impressive this is. Her most recent operational  assignment was as Commander of the Nimitz Strike Group. She was a  Commander of a carrier strike group in the Carrier Strike Group 11.  That is the ultimate in American power.   You can't teach that in 2 years. It takes 30 years. She can go teach  Naval Academy students right now--the next leaders of the Marine Corps  and the U.S. Navy--and she is sitting on the bench.   Her flag assignments include Senior Military Advisor to the Assistant  Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs at the State  Department, Carrier Strike Group Command, Chief of Staff, U.S. Southern  Command, and the Director of the Navy's Learning to Action Board drive  team.   Rear Admiral Davids is currently the Acting Commander for Naval  Surface Force for the U.S. Pacific Fleet--an incredible bio. The Naval  Academy--I know it because I am on the Board. We want her to get there.  We certainly want her to get there in time for the Army-Navy game so  the U.S. Naval Academy can beat Army badly. Sorry, my colleagues from  the Army. We got to have a little fun here tonight.   So let us do it right now, by voice vote, for this great patriot.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session  for the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar  No. 192, Yvette M. Davids, to be Vice Admiral and Superintendent, U.S.  Naval Academy; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.     Madam President, let us continue with the Navy--again,  such an important service. They are all important. But in a big throw- down with China, we have to have a stronger Navy, a bigger Navy, a more  lethal Navy, and this next nominee is going to be that person--RADM  Brendan R. McLane, U.S. Navy, to be Vice Admiral and Naval Surface  Forces Commander, Naval Surface Force, U.S. Pacific Fleet.   What does that mean? That is the Surface Commander for all U.S. naval  forces in the INDOPACOM theater, who would be in charge if we had a  contingency with China. That is pretty darn important.  [[Page S5300]]    So let us hear about Rear Admiral McLane's 33-year Navy career.   Again, are you noticing something? It is 33, 34, 35--General  Wilsbach, 38 years. Patriots--and now they are like: Wait. Why am I  stuck? Why are they going after my career? It is something I have  nothing to do with.   It is wrong. We all know it is wrong. It is wrong.   In Rear Admiral McLane's 33-year naval career, he has served as the  Commodore of Destroyer Squadron 50--a huge deal--commanded Task Force  55 and Coalition Task Force 152, U.S. Fifth Fleet. Additionally, he  served aboard the USS Lewis B. Puller, the USS Vicksburg, the USS  Moosbrugger, Destroyer Squadron 14, the USS Simpson. Jeez, look at all  of these commands and deployments.   While in command of the USS Kearny, his ship won the Battle ``E'' and  Battenberg Cup and deployed with the Eisenhower Carrier Strike Group  for the U.S. Fifth Fleet. By the way, the ``Ike'' carrier strike group  is in the Middle East right now.   In major command, he served as Commodore of Destroyer Squadron 50,  commanded Task Force 55 and Coalition Task Force 152, U.S. Fifth  Fleet--again, the Middle East.   Most recently, Rear Admiral McLane served as the 60th Commander of  Naval Surface Force Atlantic.   The amount of experience we are hearing tonight that we are not  letting go fight and protect our nation--it makes you humble, by the  way, when you hear about all these great patriots, but it sure makes me  frustrated. They are on the bench.   But let us try and get them off the bench. We can confirm this  nominee by voice vote right now.   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of the following nomination:  Executive Calendar No. 193, Brendan R. McLane, to be Vice Admiral and  Commander, Naval Surface Forces; Commander, Naval Surface Forces, U.S.  Pacific Fleet; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that, if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, I am going to talk about one more Navy  officer. We have a number to go. I am going to do this quick. This is  Christopher S. Gray to be Vice Admiral and Commander of Navy  Installations Command. He has got a great resume, a 34-year Navy  career.   Rear Admiral Gray has been the Commanding Officer of the Carrier  Airborne Early Warning Squadron before reporting as Operations Officer  aboard the USS Dwight D. Eisenhower, where he conducted back-to-back  deployments to the Arabian Gulf in support of Operation Enduring  Freedom.   At sea, Gray has served in operational assignments with Carrier  Airborne Early Warning Squadrons and a flag aide to the Commander in  the U.S. Second Fleet, Striking Fleet Atlantic.   More recently, Rear Admiral Gray served as the Commander of the  Navy's Mid-Atlantic Region on June 30, 2020.   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of the following nomination:  Executive Calendar No. 195, Christopher S. Gray, to be Vice Admiral and  Commander, Navy Installations Command; that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    ``Oorah.''    It is good to see the Presiding Officer in the Chair. I  appreciate his being here.   Mr. President, several of my nominations that I have been trying to  get my colleague to agree with--again, he still hasn't answered the  quote ``If they want to vote on these nominees one at a time, I am all  for it. I will probably vote for them.'' He still hasn't answered that.  We are doing it. We are doing it. This is not a joke either. We are  watching the experience of America's greatest military generation  probably since World War II just kind of being flushed down a river  right now. Just listen to this.   Now, the one thing that is really disturbing to me is how many of  these nominees are from the U.S. Navy. My dad was in the Navy. I love  the U.S. Navy. But we know that the Navy right now is being stressed.  The President sent two carrier strike groups over to the Middle East.  We need carrier strike groups in the INDOPACOM.   President Biden--and I criticize him a lot for this--is shrinking the  Navy. That is idiotic. But our Navy officers and enlisted are going  through a really stressful period because they are needed all over the  world, and they are ready or are trying to be ready for any kind of  contingency. It is tough to do a 9-month deployment and then come  around, do the maintenance, and get back at it.   But what I have been noticing is how many of these holds are  impacting the Navy. I am going to go through like five more right now.  I just did five. If we want to be a global, capable, powerful nation,  especially today, you need a strong U.S. Navy.   And the idea of reading these military members' experiences and how  there is this big jam-up now, that this is not impacting readiness is  patently absurd--patently absurd--with all due respect to my colleague.   So let's just keep talking about the Navy and the men and women in  the Navy and the great experience that they have. We need a lot of help  from the Navy right now, and we have the Senate making leaders in the  Navy sit on the bench. So let's talk about some of these leaders, and  maybe my colleague will budge--maybe my colleague will budge.   Let's talk about James E. Pitts to be Vice Admiral and Deputy Chief  of Naval Operations for Warfighting Requirements and Capabilities,  Office of the Chief of Naval Operations. Rear Admiral Pitts, a 38-year  career in the Navy--there you go, 38 years--let's sit him on the bench  during this really difficult time. It includes extensive numerous  deployments on nuclear attack submarines. Do you think we need that  experience in the South China Sea right now? That is one of our great  strategic advantages over the Chinese--notably, as the Commander of USS  Tucson and the Submarine Squadron 7 and a number of shore assignments  in the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, Naval Submarine School,  and the Joint Staff.   So we have one of America's top naval submarine-experienced Admirals,  which is exactly what Xi Jinping and the Chinese fear, and he is  sitting on the bench over a dispute, which is a serious dispute. I  don't deny that at all. Again, I am where the Senator from Alabama is  on that. But these guys have nothing to do with it. All we are doing is  hurting our own national security by keeping them on the bench.   So let's get him confirmed right now. I ask unanimous consent that  the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the  following nomination: Executive Calendar No. 197, James E. Pitts, to be  Vice Admiral and Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Warfighting  Requirements and Capabilities, Office of the Chief of Naval Operations;  that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or  debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of  the Senate's action.    Mr. President, here we go again, more Navy. Like I  said, the Navy is stressed, but we do have a great Navy. God love the  U.S. Navy. And our submarine force, like I said, keeps Xi Jinping and  his communist dictator admirals up at night. And it should because we  could crush them with our Navy, as long as it is ready--as long as it  is ready.   Well, let's see whom we have next, whom we are holding up next. RADM  Robert Gaucher, U.S. Navy, to be Vice Admiral and Commander, Naval  Submarine Forces Commander, Submarine Force, U.S. Atlantic Fleet,  Commander of Allied Submarine Command. It sounds like a pretty darn  important bill, if you think subs are important, which they are  critical.   Let's hear about Admiral Gaucher. He is currently Director of  Strategic Integration, the N2, the Office of the Chief of Naval  Operations. Admiral Gaucher's prior operational assignments include  service in both fast attack and ballistic missile subs. Who has that  experience? No one else in the whole world but our Admirals. It  includes service as a division officer, USS Flying Fish, SSN-673;  navigator operations officer, USS Oklahoma City, SSN-723; executive  officer, USS Maryland; commanding officer, USS City of Corpus Christi;  and Commodore of Submarine Development Squadron 5.   I certainly hope that this isn't one of these Admirals who is going  to be like: You know what, 35 years, I have all of this experience, I  am sick of this. I am leaving.   Could you imagine if this Admiral, with this submarine experience,  walked out the door because of the games being played right now? That  is a risk. That is a risk, and we don't seem to give a damn. I give a  damn.   During these tours, he completed three strategic deterrent patrols in  U.S. submarines, as well as deployments to the Arctic--my  neighborhood--the Caribbean, North Atlantic, and the Mediterranean.  This is incredible submarine experience.   By the way, Xi Jinping is watching us right now going: I can't  believe they are not letting these guys command. I am scared to death  of subs.   He is loving this, so is Putin. They are loving it. How dumb can we  be, man?   But we can confirm this guy, if my colleague just has a change of  heart, because we are going to bring them up individually.   So, therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of the following nomination:  Executive Calendar No. 204, Robert M. Gaucher, to be Vice Admiral and  Commander of Naval Submarine Forces Commander, Submarine Force, U.S.  Atlantic Fleet, and Commander of Allied Submarine Command; that the  Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate;  that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.    Mr. President, we are going to continue with the U.S.  Navy. Again--I just thought of this--the Chinese admirals and their  military, they are probably watching this debate right now, going: I  can't believe my luck. I can't believe our luck. Maybe we should attack  Taiwan tomorrow.   The whole Navy is being held up. Let's go to another Navy officer.   This is Daniel W. Dwyer to be Vice Admiral and Deputy Chief of Naval  Operations for Warfighting Development, Office of the Chief of Naval  Operations.   OK. We have had a lot of good bios here tonight, with a lot of  experience. When I saw Vice Admiral Dwyer's experience, I was like:  Wow. This should scare the heck out of every Chinese admiral, every  Chinese military official when they read this guy's bio.   So let me read it. I hope we can get him confirmed because he is  sitting on the bench, and the Chinese are cheering.   Over Vice Admiral Dwyer's 35-year naval career--there we go; 35  years, 40 years--he has commanded Strike  [[Page S5303]]  Fighter Squadron, VFA-27; Provincial Reconstruction Team, Kunar  Province, Afghanistan; Fleet Replacement Squadron, VFA-106; Carrier Air  Wing 8; Carrier Air Wing 17.   As a flag officer--that means as an Admiral--Admiral Dwyer commanded  the Theodore Roosevelt Carrier Strike Group, the big stick that every  country in the world, including China, fears. He commanded the Teddy  Roosevelt Carrier Strike Group. That is unbelievable experience. And he  was the 36th Chief of Naval Air Training.   Vice Admiral Dwyer is a career F/A-18 naval aviator, a graduate of  the Navy Fighter Weapons School, a.k.a. TOPGUN, in which he completed  eight carrier deployments to the Western Pacific, North Atlantic,  Mediterranean, and North Arabian Sea, supporting Operation Southern  Watch, Iraqi Freedom, Enduring Freedom, and New Dawn, flying over 75  combat missions.   Vice Admiral Dwyer was most recently the Commander of the Second  Fleet and Joint Forces Command.   Xi Jinping reads about a guy like this, and he is scared to death,  and we bench him over a dispute Vice Admiral Dwyer has nothing to do  with. But maybe we can fix that right now.   So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of the following nomination:  Executive Calendar No. 180, Daniel W. Dwyer, to be Vice Admiral and  Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Warfighting Development, Office of  the Chief of Naval Operations--so dammed qualified; that the Senate  vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate; that if  confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action.    Mr. President, here we go, crushing the Navy. Here is  another Navy Admiral that we are going to have him sit on the bench.  This is kind of remarkable. I mean, we are going to get to about 60 of  these tonight. The experience here is unbelievable, but the U.S. Navy  is really being hurt by this, and we need a strong Navy.   Again, the Chinese are like--they are watching it, I guarantee you.   Hello, guys.   And they are like: Gosh. I can't believe how dumb these guys are.   So let's keep talking about whom we are going to bench now. This is  Douglas G. Perry to be Vice Admiral and Commander of Second Fleet,  Commander of Joint Forces Command Norfolk.   Let's look at Rear Admiral Perry's incredibly impressive career--over  30 years. He began his career serving as a sea division officer, Navy  diver, aboard the USS Pittsburgh, SSN-720; executive officer,  operations officer aboard Submarine NR-1; and executive officer of the  USS Maine. These are all subs. This is another great Admiral with great  submarine experience, just what keeps the Chinese up at night, and we  are going to bench him. That is SSBN-741.   His deployment experiences span the Caribbean, the Mediterranean, the  Gulf of Mexico, Atlantic, and Pacific--essentially, the whole world. As  commanding officer of the USS Pasadena, SSN-752, he led the ship on  highly successful deployments to the Eastern and Western Pacific.  Again, that is a sub.   Perry has served as Commander of the Submarine Development Squadron  5, where he led Submarine Force Development of Unmanned Systems and  Tactics and Employment and commanded the Navy squadron of Seawolf-class  fast-attack subs. These guys are all submariners. The Chinese are  scared to death of them, and we are benching them. What are we doing?   Most recently, Perry served as Director of Undersea Warfare Division  of the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations. He is another great  submariner to keep Xi Jinping up at night, and we are not going to  allow him to get confirmed. But maybe we will.   So, Mr. President, as my colleague had asked, we are bringing  individual votes. He still hasn't answered the question why he is not  doing what he said he was going to do. I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the  following nomination: Executive Calendar No. 205, Douglas G. Perry, to  be Vice Admiral and Commander of Second Fleet and Commander of Joint  Forces Command Norfolk; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I have one more before I turn it over to  my colleague from Iowa. It is a joint operation here. The only reason I  am doing one more is because, guess what, another Navy officer--another  Navy officer. The Chinese are like: Man, I can't believe it. We have  been wanting to take out the U.S. Navy for decades, and the U.S. Senate  is doing it right now.   So what do we have here, another Vice Admiral, VADM Craig Clapperton,  U.S. Navy, to be Vice Admiral and Commander of Fleet Cyber Command,  10th Fleet Commander, Navy Space Command--boy, oh boy.   He has had almost 35 years in the U.S. Navy. He has commanded the  Shadowhawks of VAQ-141, the U.S. 6th Fleet, and the NATO command ship,  USS Mount Whitney, the USS Theodore Roosevelt. That is a carrier,  Carrier Strike Group 12.   These guys are incredible. As an American, it makes you almost want  to weep, how great they are.   Listen to this career: During his command tours and his ship and  squadron tours, he supported Operation Iraqi Freedom, Enduring Freedom,  New Dawn, Inherent Resolve, and operated in the Baltic, Black Sea,  Mediterranean Sea, Atlantic Ocean, Indian Ocean, and Pacific Ocean.   Some of the best naval officers in America, certainly, right here,  tonight. And the Chinese are scared to death of Vice Admirals like  this, and we are going to let them sit on the bench. But maybe not. So  we can confirm him right now by voice vote, individual voice vote,  which is what our colleague has asked for.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session  for the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar  No. 138, Craig A. Clapperton to be Vice Admiral and Commander, Fleet  Cyber Command; Commander, Tenth Fleet; and Commander, Navy Space  Command; that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening  action or debate; and that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I just want to comment on my colleague  here--Joint Forces, Marine Corps-Army operation--but Senator Ernst was  talking; she is being very humble. She is such a strong leader on pro- life issues in the Senate and such a strong voice. And I just wanted to  really commend her on that. We have had Senator Graham here before. I  am proud of my strong record on pro-life issues. I care deeply about  it.   Ironically--I mean, of course, we don't know, but I guarantee you-- both of us know in the military so well--that these 380 officers and  their families--I am sure not all but probably many, many--have very  similar strong views on that important issue. And it is ironic that,  somehow, they are being caught up in this, when you think about it. I  am sure it is really bitter for them.    It is not just pro-life; it is pro-military views that we have here.  And it is not just words. A lot of people just say: I support the  troops. No. We have lived it. That is why we are here. It is 10 at  night. That is why we have been on the floor for 4 hours. We have lived  it, and we have seen the heroes we are talking about today. And we have  seen their families.   When you join the military--I always tell my wife and three  daughters--you know, whether you are wearing a uniform or not, you are  serving. And sometimes--in my view, a lot of times--it is harder for  the spouse and the kids who are home when you have deployments and they  are caught up in all of this. We haven't even talked about them. They  are caught up, thousands of them--thousands of them. And there is  polling out right now that is showing that the kids of military  families, who are really the big pipeline in the continuing recruiting  and people wanting to join the service, that the numbers are declining  dramatically, where they are saying: You know what? I don't think I  want to do what mom and dad did. I think I am going to not do that.  Those numbers are declining. And this isn't helping. This isn't  helping.   And I will say another thing in terms of, you know, officers who are  dealing--I have talked--again, my grade, I am a senior Colonel. I  talked to some Brigadier Generals very recently who are in the Middle  East, some of whom are caught up in this. Guess what they are doing  right now. They are putting on flacks. They are putting on helmets.  They are taking incoming. Right? Just read the paper. And they  literally said to me: We can't believe that we are, like, taking  incoming again for our country and this is happening.   There is real bitterness. We better wake up. There is a recruiting  retention problem. And we better wake up to the fact that this is not  helping.  [[Page S5306]]    Again, my colleague--oh, no readiness problem. That is such baloney.  Baloney. And everybody knows it. Spend one day in the military, and you  know it. It really makes me frustrated. Really frustrated. Yeah, guys  taking incoming right now caught up in this. I have talked to them.  This is just not right. It is not right. We all know it. We all know  it.   Mr. President, let's continue on. Another important promotion: a  Major General in the U.S. Army, David Isaacson, to be Lieutenant  General and Director for Command, Control, Coms and Computers and Cyber  Chief Information Officer, J-6, for the U.S. Army.   By the way, that is another theme: subs, Navy, and a lot of cyber--a  lot of cyber, which is the new gray area of warfare as Senator Ernst  mentioned. And we are keeping our cyber leaders on the bench.   So let's hear about Major General Isaacson's 35-year career in the  U.S. Army. He has served as Deputy Commanding General of Army Network  Enterprise Technology Command--thank God for smart officers like that-- the Deputy Chief of Staff of the G-6 of the Army; Director of Network  Services and Strategy for the Department of the Army. Major General  Isaacson has multiple operational deployments, including Operation Just  Cause in Panama, Desert Shield, Desert Storm in Saudi Arabia and Iraq,  Uphold Democracy in Haiti, several tours in Iraq and Afghanistan,  supporting the Global War On Terrorism and overseas contingencies.   Major General Isaacson most recently served as the Director of  Manpower Personnel For Joint Chiefs.   Incredible experience right here. So let's move him. Let's move him.  We can do a voice vote. My colleague wanted voice votes on individuals.  He still hasn't answered the question why he is objecting to  everything.   So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of the following nomination:  Executive Calendar No. 391, David T. Isaacson, to be Lieutenant General  and Director for Command, Control, Communications, and Computer/Cyber  and Chief Information Officer, J-6, Joint Staff--I misstated it  earlier. That is not just for the Army. That is for the J-6. That is  for the Joint Staff of the U.S. Military. Wow. Really important--that  the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate;  that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's actions.    Mr. President, we haven't had a marine in a while. I  love the Marine Corps. It is not the big service, though, so we haven't  had as many marines. I will tell you this: This Colonel, Kelvin  Gallman, to be Brigadier General in the U.S. Marine Corps, he certainly  is not a paper pusher. He is not some woke guy. He is a warrior. He is  a warrior.   Let's read about Colonel Gallman: 29 years in the U.S. Marine Corps.  He served as the Commanding Officer of the Marine Corps Marine Air  Group 26--MAG-26--personnel support detachment. Marine Tilt Rotor  Squadron, VMM-261. Those are Ospreys. Marine Aviation and Weapons  Tactics Squadron, MAWTS-1. Colonel Gallman has several deployments in  support of combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.    Here we go, another Marine hero--another Marine hero. By the way, he  has nothing to do with this--nothing. He sacrificed--I am going to read  what he did. And we are saying: Oh, these guys aren't the warriors.  What? Who the hell is saying that?   Colonel Gallman received the Air Medal with a Combat Distinguishing  Device for heroic achievement in connection with operations against the  enemy as a pilot of a CH-46 Sea Knight helicopter while attached to  Marine Air Group 16, 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing, I Marine Expeditionary  Force, on 1 April, 2003, in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, while  providing assault support under direct enemy fire for the U.S. Army 1st  Ranger Battalion, in a daunting quest to rescue a U.S. Army prisoner of  war from the Saddam Hussein hospital in Nasiriyah, Iraq, and the  recovery of nine U.S. casualties, previously killed in action. This  mission served as one of history's most daring and successful prisoner- of-war rescues.   Do I need to read that again for anybody? Pure courage. Pure heroism.  And what is happening here? This Colonel needs to be promoted to  Brigadier General in the Marine Corps.   By the way, that is really hard to do in the Marines. There are not  many Brigadier Generals.   Heroic actions. Combat Distinguishing Device flying a helicopter--I  guarantee it was at night. He recovered nine U.S. casualties previously  killed in action. He went and got dead Americans so they wouldn't be  left in the desert of Iraq. And this body is holding him. Come on.   Whatever you think about this issue--and we all agree with the  Senator from Alabama--this is not the guy to make a point with. Flying  at night recovering POWs and dead Americans--heroic actions--and the  U.S. Senate response is ``Thank you very much. You are not going to go  anywhere. We are going to punish you. Why? Because we can. Because we  feel like it.'' What a bunch of baloney.   Let's try to at least get this guy promoted. Let's try to get this  hero, Col. Kevin Gallman, U.S. Marine Corps, to be a Brigadier General  because he is not no woke paper-pusher, I guarantee you that.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of the following nomination:  Col. Kelvin W. Gallman to be Brigadier General in the U.S. Marine Corps  under Executive Calendar No. 95; that the Senate vote on the nomination  without intervening action or debate; and that if confirmed, the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Let's move to the Air Force. Let's move for Scott L.  Pleus to be Lieutenant General and Director of Staff at the U.S. Air  Force. As you know, Mr. President, being an Army man, West Point grad,  Director of Staff of your service is one of the most important  positions in your service.   Let's look at Lt. Gen. Scott Pleus's remarkable career. He has 34  years in the Air Force. Lt. Gen. Pleus's time in the Air Force has  included serving as Director of Air and Cyber Space Operations and as  Executive Officer to the Air Force Chief of Staff. Lieutenant General  Pleus is also a command pilot with more than 2,500 flying hours, with  combat hours earned during Operations Desert Fox and Southern Watch.  Most recently, Lieutenant General Pleus served as Deputy Commander for  U.S. Forces Korea--all forces, not just Air Forces--and Commander for  the Air Component in United Nations Command in Korea.   Again, phenomenal--phenomenal--American patriot. Thirty-four years.  And he is being benched at one of the most dangerous times since World  War II. This isn't hurting readiness? Come on. Mr. President, maybe we  can get him confirmed.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session  for the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar  No. 184, Scott L. Pleus to be Lieutenant General and Director of Staff,  U.S. Air Force; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; and that if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, let's go back to our great U.S. Navy.   CAPT Craig Mattingly to be Rear Admiral (lower half) in the U.S.  Navy. Let's look at Captain Mattingly's 28-year career. He has led  Squadrons on deployments supporting EUCOM,  [[Page S5307]]  AFRICOM, and CENTCOM; areas of responsibility as commander of multitask  force groups. His major command was Commodore of Patrol and  Reconnaissance Wing 11. During his tenure as Commodore of CPRW-11,  supported global initiatives include the inaugural INDOPACOM  deployments of the MQ-4 Charlie Triton unmanned aerial systems in the  PA Poseidon Advanced Airborne Sensor--that is a sub hunter--as well as  the P-3C radar system.   Captain Mattingly's most recent assignment was serving as Senior  Military Advisor to the Secretary of the Navy. He is a naval aviator.  He hunts subs, Russian and Chinese subs. How long has he been doing  that? He has a little bit of experience here. Captain Mattingly--3,900  flight hours in P-3C Orions and P-8 Poseidon aircraft.   If you are a sub and you are an enemy of America, this guy has  tracked you. Again, subs. The Chinese are scared to death of P-8s, and  we have one of the best P-8 pilots in America, and he is on the bench,  and Xi Jinping and his communist dictator buddies are smiling.   Maybe we can get him done with a voice vote because our colleague  asked for individual votes. I think we are almost at 60 individual  votes right now--great Americans.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for the consideration of the following nomination:  CAPT Craig T. Mattingly to be Rear Admiral (lower half) of the U.S.  Navy under Executive Calendar No. 97; that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; and that if confirmed,  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and  the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, let's go back to the importance--you are  seeing some themes here. Navy, certainly. Boy, are we decimating the  U.S. Navy. Decimating. Unbelievable. I am just shocked at how many Navy  Admirals we are putting on the bench right now. The Chinese are  smiling. Whoa, are they smiling.   But this is another theme tonight, and, again, we didn't really plan  it, Senator Ernst and I; it is just what is happening. We have a big  military. Space ops. Cyber and space ops. That is another theme  tonight. It is a really, really important area of warfare. The Chinese  and Russians are gaining on us. We have the best, though. Here is  another one.   David N. Miller to be Lieutenant General and Commander, Space  Operations Command, U.S. Space Force. That is a really big, important  billet.   Maj Gen David Miller has an over 30-year career where he has  commanded at the squadron group and wing levels, including the 2nd  Range Operations Squadron, 21st Operations Group in the 46 Space Unit.   Most recently, Maj Gen Miller served as a Special Assistant to the  Vice Chief of Space Operations. This is a hugely important billet to  protect our entire country. He has incredible background in this area.   Space, cyber, missile defense--those have all been brought up  tonight, and all were shut down--without explanation, by the way. We  are bringing up individual votes. We still haven't heard why we are not  going to allow those to move.   But anyway, Mr. President, we can confirm this nomination right now  by a voice vote. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following  nomination: Executive Calendar No. 351, David N. Miller, Jr., to be  Lieutenant General and Commander, Space Operations Command, U.S. Space  Force; that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening  action or debate; and that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    I have three more.    Mr. President, we have three more that we are going to  do. That will be 61 tonight. And Senator Ernst and I--and I know a lot  of our other colleagues want to join us--we are going to keep coming  down here. So let me get through these, and then I will have a few  words to conclude. And I want to thank the Presiding Officer for  staying late. I know you care about this issue as well.   This is Brig. Gen. Robert M. Blake, and he is being considered to be  promoted to Major General in the U.S. Air Force--again, incredible,  incredible background. He most recently served as the Mobilization  Assistant to the Commander Air Force Global Strike Command, Barksdale  Air Force Base, LA.   He has flown the C-130 H2 Hercules. He has amassed more than 4,500  hours in military aircraft, including combat sorties and tours in Iraq  and Afghanistan. Brig. Gen. Blake flew 16 total missions, including 12  air refueling sorties supporting C-5s and C-17s in Operation Enduring  Freedom and Iraqi Freedom. And he flew 10 missions in support of  humanitarian relief for operations for Operation Southern Watch and  Enduring Freedom.   Again, a transport aviation pilot, incredible. Just, I mean, we look  at these numbers like oh, no big deal--4,500 flying hours in military  aircraft. That is incredible experience for our military. So let's get  him confirmed. Let's get him confirmed by voice vote, right here,  individual, as our colleague requested.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session  for the consideration of the following nomination: Brig. Gen. Robert M.  Blake to be Major General in the U.S. Air Force under Executive  Calendar No. 88; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that, if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon  [[Page S5309]]  the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action.    Mr. President, another heroic Air Force pilot with  incredible experience. Let's just move on to Brig. Gen. Mitchell  Hanson. We are trying to get him confirmed to be Major General.   By the way, Senator Graham made this point at the beginning: All of  these military members went through their promotion board process. As  we all know, the military is kind of an up-or-out organization, right?  So for Brigadier General Hanson to go from Brigadier General to Major  General--a two-star General--that is really hard to do. These guys are  the best, right? We just kind of take it for granted. That is all done  by the military, in the military selection boards. They are picking  their own, but we have to confirm it.   So, again, think about the frustration--let me read about his  background--that they have done all this, the boards have met, they  said these are our top people, and we are going to keep promoting them.   Normally, for the last 200 years--by the way, as stated earlier,  there are a lot of holds. I have put holds on. No one has ever done a  blanket hold on every flag officer promotion for this long in the  history of America. Let me repeat that. There has never been one-, two-, three-, four-star Generals and Admirals, a blanket hold on  all of them.   People have threatened it. They have done it for a couple of weeks,  but it has never been done for almost a year in the history of the  United States of America. That is a fact. Contemplate that one.   So let's look at Brigadier General Hanson's background. He most  recently served as Mobilization Assistant to the Director of  Operations, Air Combat Command. Brigadier General Hanson has served in  numerous positions at the squadron group wing in numbered Air Force.  That is getting bigger in each unit. You know that, Mr. Chairman, but  some people watching might not know.   Brigadier General Hanson has served as a reservist, an individual  mobilization augmentee member on the Reserve side of the military. He  has flown the A-10 and the F-16 in a variety of operational assignments  and as a command pilot, with more than 3,400 hours--again, just  enormous experience, flying over 200 combat hours.   He has deployed in support of Operations Desert Storm, Southern  Watch, Noble Eagle, Willing Spirit, Enduring Freedom. Brigadier General  Hanson executed 20 close air support combat missions supporting NATO  and international security assistance forces battling Taliban insurgent  fighters in Afghanistan.   He provided armed overwatch for dismounted infantry patrols--the  grunts on the ground looking up: Oh, my God, I got air cover. Thank  God.   He conducted convoy and helicopter escorts and responded to U.S.  infantry platoons on the ground receiving effective fire from an  insurgent machinegun team. He employed 160 rounds of 30 mike-mikes  against the insurgents and killed them all--killed them all. He saved  American grunt lives on the ground. Another hero. Another hero. So we  are going to put him on a bench.   By the way, it is a great way to say thanks for your service,  Brigadier General Hanson. We will just keep you on the icebox. Thanks  for your service. Very heroic.   But maybe my colleague will relent here. We are down to one more. So  maybe, maybe it will work.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session  for the consideration of the following nomination: Brig. Gen. Mitchell  A. Hanson to be Major General, U.S. Air Force, under Executive Calendar  No. 88; that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening  action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table and the President immediately  be notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, the final one. It is so ironic. I didn't  mean it to be this way, but I am so proud of it. It is a U.S. Marine  Colonel--I am a U.S. Marine Colonel; these are my peer groups--to be  Brigadier General of the U.S. Marine Corps.   Let's read about Col. Richard Joyce to be Assistant Deputy Commandant  for Aviation, U.S. Marine Corps--again, another heroic American.   Colonel Joyce has deployed numerous times to Iraq and Afghanistan and  served as the Commanding Officer of an attack squadron. He is a Cobra  pilot. That is an attack helicopter, the AH-1. He was Director of the  staff group for Gen. Robert Neller when he was the 37th Commandant of  the Marine Corps.   Colonel Joyce received the Air Medal with the combat distinguishing  device--that means heroism in combat--for heroic achievement while  participating in aerial flight as an attack helicopter pilot of an AH- 1--that is a Cobra helicopter--assigned to Marine Light Attack  Helicopter Squadron 169, deployed with Marine Air Group 40 in support  of Operation Enduring Freedom on 22 May 2009. He was under direct fire  from three different directions, with enemy forces effectively engaging  his aircraft--incoming from three different directions. He placed  precision fires on each of these enemy positions, destroying them and  providing direct relief to outnumbered friendly forces on the ground.   Not a paper pusher. Not a woke warrior. A real, true American hero  right here, and we are going to tell him: Stay on the bench.   Maybe not. This is the last one, Mr. President, No. 61 for the  night--a Marine Colonel to be promoted to Brigadier General, who has  nothing to do with this damn dispute on the floor here--nothing--and,  somehow, he is going to get caught up in this.   By the way, these are the kinds of guys I am hearing about. These are  my peer group. They are saying: You know what? Seven deployments, tough  on the wife and kids. I am getting stuck in an issue that I have  nothing to do with. I can't--you know what, I am punching out. I am  punching out.   So we are going to lose guys like this. We are going to lose guys  like this.   The Chinese, Putin, Xi Jinping--they are going to be like: Oh, my  God, I am so scared of a marine like this. He would come over and kick  the you know what out of the Chinese and Russians.   We are going to drive him out of the Marine Corps--drive him out of  the Marine Corps.   But maybe not--maybe my colleague will relent on this just last one,  just out of good grace. He still hasn't explained why, all that he said  about not blocking a single vote if you bring up nominees one at a  time. I am all for it. I will probably vote for them. We just brought  up 61, one at a time, in regular order. Come on.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session  for the consideration of the following nomination: Col. Richard D.  Joyce to be Brigadier General of the U.S. Marine Corps on Executive  Calendar No. 95; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.     I am just going to conclude. I am disappointed. We are  done here. We don't have any more for tonight, but I think this has  been enlightening. I think this has been enlightening because what we  have been able to do--hopefully, some people are watching in our great  Nation--is to distill to the people of the country: Look at how blessed  we are to have these incredible Americans. Look at how blessed we are,  how heroic they are.   So my message to our Generals and Admirals who are being held up:  Hang in there. Hang in there. Some of us have your back. We have your  back. We  [[Page S5310]]  will be coming here every night to try and get you guys confirmed.   I have been very honored to be here with Senator Ernst on the floor.  And I will tell you that I think she and I both have a feeling that I  think a lot of people have--but people who served, mostly--just the  love for our military, military families.   I am coming up, just at 30 years in the Marine Corps. The INDOPACOM  theater has been the bookends of my career. My first deployment was the  INDOPACOM, a Marine amphibious ready group, in the Taiwan Strait.   When the Chinese were threatening to invade Taiwan, we sent a Marine  amphibious ready group. I was on that as a young infantry officer, in  two carrier strike groups. And we went in the Taiwan Strait and looked  at the Chinese and said: Not today, guys. Not today. Not today. The  U.S. Marine Corps is here. The U.S. Navy is here. Don't even think  about it.   That was almost 27 year ago, and I am out at the Marine Force's  Pacific Command. In between, I have deployed as a staff officer in the  Middle East, in Afghanistan.   But I think, like Senator Ernst, the biggest honor of my life has  been serving and leading marines. I have a lot of good friends in the  Senate. I have met a lot of good people in the U.S. Senate. The best  people I have ever met in my life by far--not even close--are U.S.  marines. They are the best.   And I think what is happening right now--you know, the Marine Corps'  motto is Semper Fi, always faithful. And this body is not keeping faith  with our military right now. It is not, and the military knows it, and  they are frustrated.   So many of these officers had 30 years or more of experience,  thousands of years of experience we are putting on hold. The distinct  comparative advantages we have say, for example, in submarine forces in  the Indo-Pacific theater that the Chinese fear--they fear it--we are  putting that on hold.   So I am hopeful that my colleague who left, Senator Tuberville, can  work with us. I have been working with him for months. This is just  kind of a frustration moment, right? Enough. But I am hopeful we can  still work together. I am hopeful we can find a way forward. The idea  that I have been pitching to him: Hey, let's lift the hold on the men  and women who have nothing to do with this and put a hold on the Under  Secretary of Defense for Policy, who is in charge of the abortion  issue, and he is a civilian. That is the way to use the hold, not to  take out a Marine Corps Brigadier General who is a war hero.   So I am hopeful that we are going to make progress on that. We are  facing a really dangerous period right now, as you know, as Senator  Ernst knows, and we are impacting readiness. We are definitely  impacting morale, and that is readiness.   So, again, to my colleague saying, ``Don't worry; there is no  problem, no readiness problems,'' no offense, but that is just  ridiculous, and he knows it. We all know it.   So we are going to keep working this. I am honored to be on the floor  with Senator Ernst. I appreciate, Mr. President, your sticking around.   We are not done. If you are a flag officer--one-star, two-star,  three-star, or four-star General--we have got your back. We are going  to work this. We are going to work it. You deserve it, and our Nation  has to have it.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.                            ____________________    