 Mr. President, I appreciate the comments that I heard this  morning from Senator Klobuchar and appreciate her leadership and  efforts to see that the Afghan Adjustment Act becomes law. I think I am  followed by my colleague on the Veterans Committee, Senator Blumenthal  from Connecticut.   This has been a bipartisan effort to make certain that legislation  was drafted, introduced, and that lives were protected and changed.  From my perspective, one of the saddest days--or few days--of my time  as a U.S. Senator was when the United States withdrew from  Afghanistan--not necessarily the withdrawal but the manner in which it  occurred and the number of people--some Americans, many of them Afghans  who helped Americans during our time in Afghanistan--who were left  behind and the manner in which those who were able to escape, what they  had to endure in many instances to do so.   As we approach the second anniversary of this disastrous withdrawal  from Afghanistan, many of those Afghans who escaped to the United  States now face--continue to face--uncertainty in their lives-- uncertainty as their original parole status is set to expire soon. Most  of that status for their legal presence in the United States expires 2  years from their arrival to the United States. And in many instances,  that is now the month of August 2023.   I joined my colleague Senator Klobuchar in introducing the Afghan  Adjustment Act to make certain that Afghans who sought refuge in the  United States are able to apply for a permanent legal residency after  undergoing additional vetting.   This amendment, this legislation, is now an amendment pending on the  National Defense Authorization Act. I hope we are able to have a vote  on this amendment--that it is included, the vote occurs, and I hope  that vote is successful.   This amendment establishes a pathway for Afghan partners to begin a  more certain and, perhaps, new life.   The rushed and chaotic withdrawal created a potential loophole for  bad actors to be admitted to the United States. So if you are  interested in our national security--which I know we all are--this  amendment establishes a critical vetting process to reduce the threats  to that national security. Failing to pass this amendment, failing for  this bill to become law, means that none of the refugees will undergo  the necessary additional vetting. Undergoing that vetting then can  create the opportunity for certainty in the lives of those Afghan  refugees who are here.   For two decades, countless Afghans stood by our servicemembers and  risked their lives and their families' lives to support our troops in  Afghanistan. This withdrawal and the current circumstance resulted in  more than 1,000 contacts with my office asking for help in getting  someone out of Afghanistan, someone who served side by side with a  soldier from Fort Riley--our hometown pastor's daughter and husband-- missionaries, Christian missionaries in Afghanistan--looking for help  to get out of Afghanistan--those people who are Christians in that  country.   The vast majority of people who are in this uncertain stage were  people who, either through our domestic operations, our opportunity to  try to stabilize Afghanistan, or our military--they are the ones who  are now living a life of uncertainty and potential return or removal  from the United States.   Under the present regulations, our Afghan allies admitted under  temporary humanitarian status can only attain permanent legal status  through our overburdened, nonworking, dysfunctional, asylum system or  the long-winded special immigrant visa process. As a result, thousands  face this troubling uncertainty as they strive to create a new life  here.   Recently, in the town we live in, Manhattan, KS, a block party was  created to host Afghan residents of our community. It was pleasing to  see the Afghan culture celebrated, and it was pleasing to see the  community support their new neighbors.   It is always a good thing to see when people come together. The  practical help offered to our Afghans is priceless, but all that  community support and assistance will do little good if we don't pass  the opportunities that the Afghan Adjustment Act provides these  individuals.   The amendment before us today will help provide certainty to many of  our Afghan partners and work to help other Afghan partners who are  stranded in other countries. So we have the challenge of Afghans in the  United States who soon will have no legal status, and we have those who  are still trying to get out of Afghanistan. And, finally, we have those  who have escaped Afghanistan to another country but can't yet migrate  any further. Those people are stranded. They need our assistance.   We also need to make sure that our vetting requirements protect our  national security. This legislation does both. It protects our national  security and increases our opportunity to treat individuals--human  beings--in a humanitarian way.   I thank Senator Klobuchar for her invitation for me to join her here  today in this bipartisan effort. Senator Klobuchar mentioned a number  of veterans organizations and veterans who endorsed this legislation  and, thus, this amendment.   This issue was brought to me most directly by the Iraqi and Afghan  veterans of America who support this legislation and who brought  information and encouragement to me to help see that this legislation  is passed. But it is also supported by Blue Star Families, by the  American Legion, the VFW, and many other veterans and veterans  organizations.   Those who served our country--those Americans who served our  country--care about those who helped save their lives in Afghanistan,  and they would like to see the U.S. Senate take the steps that we are  asking be taken today.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, earlier this year, the public confidence in  the banking system was shaken by a series of significant bank failures.  To put it simply, these banks failed to account for interest rate  increases while leaning on a deposit base that was almost entirely  uninsured. That is a textbook case of mismanagement.   It is critical that faith be restored in our Nation's banks and their  regulators. But before policymakers clamor to write stricter banking  regulations, an independent review board should be appointed to  thoroughly probe the failure of Silicon Valley Bank and the response of  the Federal Reserve Bank.   Many questions still remain unanswered. Silicon Valley Bank was  quickly deemed systemically important because of its size, but the  ensuing failure of a larger bank was not. The sale was dragged out for  weeks out of fear that certain banks would grow too large, only for the  largest bank in the country to turn around and purchase the next bank  failure.   In my opinion, all parties involved had a role in this failure: bank  executives, examiners, and regulators. The bank failed to both  accurately leverage their position and react to rising interest rates.  Examiners failed to require changes in either the bank's policy or  subsequent actions. Regulators failed by arbitrarily guaranteeing all  funds against loss, creating an unlimited market insecurity by forcing  taxpayers and customers to now question the safety of their deposits.  The administration failed by furthering a culture of government  intervention that props up certain too-big-to-fail institutions.   Meaningful oversight requires objectivity and must hold all parties  accountable without having a predetermined regulatory agenda in mind.  To restore public confidence, the next step, in my view, would be to  hire an outside investigative group to conduct a review of the Federal  Reserve Bank's response. Conflicts of interest inherently arise when a  singular member of the Board prepares a self-investigation.   This comprehensive review must be done by a party uninvolved in the  failure of Silicon Valley Bank and/or uninvolved in the Federal  response. This would better ensure that the outcome of this  investigation would be impartial, helping put to bed doubts that the  Fed's review only served as a stamp of approval on the Fed's policies.   The Fed's own internal review found significant negligence by both  management and regulators. The public needs insight into the reasoning  and conversations of regulators, the White House, and bank management  involved in the response.   Silicon Valley Bank and the banks that subsequently failed were  specialized to do business with a unique financial sector. Any reform  regulators push now must be narrowly tailored to those circumstances to  avoid collateral damage to small and midsized banks that consistently  operate responsibly. Stricter capital requirements will push lending  out of the regulated banking sector and into the nonbanks and money  market funds, none of which are subject to the regulations of the Fed  for banks, as the Fed regulates banks.   The banking turmoil was a result of a rapidly changing interest rate  environment, the speed at which money can move, and the limitations of  banks to adjust as quickly as the market can. Understanding the context  and reason behind the response is absolutely necessary for ensuring  future bank failures have a smooth and fair resolution with a minimal  impact upon American taxpayers.   An independent review of the Silicon Valley Bank collapse is  necessary to get a nonpartisan, less biased assessment that gives  Americans confidence in our banking system and policymakers better  ability to ensure our financial system remains the strongest in the  world.   I yield the floor.   