 Madam Speaker, I associate myself with Mr. Rutherford's  words.   Madam Speaker, I am always proud to stand in support of our brave law  enforcement officers, those officers who suit up every day. That is  especially true during National Police Week.   Our heroes do not just protect the safety of us and our neighbors,  they defend the institutions that are fundamental to the well-being of  our great society.   Thousands of law enforcement officers and their families are in  Washington to pay tribute to those who made the ultimate sacrifice. The  names of 556 officers will be added to the National Law Enforcement  Officers Memorial. Among these fallen heroes are Matthew Vogel of the  Hudson County Sheriff's Office in New Jersey and Robert Miller of the  Clifton Police Department.    Lieutenant Vogel and Sergeant Miller are missed tremendously in our  north Jersey communities. I pray for their families, and I know my  brother across the aisle feels the same way.  [[Page H2338]]    As the longtime co-chair of the Law Enforcement Caucus I know the  value of building trust between law enforcement and the communities  that they serve. We cannot simply say we support law enforcement.  Action is required.   Last Congress, it was my honor to write two bills to fund the police  that were signed into law: The Traumatic Brain Injury and Post- Traumatic Stress Disorder Law Enforcement Training Act and Protecting  America's First Responders Act.   The last 3 years have been difficult for all of us, especially for  our brothers and sisters in uniform that are there every day.   This Police Week, let's do right by the law enforcement community.  Let's pass bills that actually support the police; not partisan  messaging, but action.   I hope we would have considered two bipartisan bills of mine this  Police Week. The first bill, H.R. 1322, the Law Enforcement Officers  Equity Act, would guarantee Federal law enforcement officers receive  their full retirement benefits. I think we all agree on that hopefully.  The second bill, H.R. 1719, Honoring Our Fallen Heroes Act, would  ensure our first responders who die or become disabled due to  occupational cancer receive benefits under the Public Safety Officers'  Benefits program. These bills would actually make a difference for  officers and their families.   It is time we focus on those on the front lines. I hope we can pass  these bills this Congress. I will say this, also, I would ask my  brothers and sisters on both sides of the aisle to consider what I have  been talking about for 25 years concerning weapons in our neighborhoods  all over the country.   The best thing we can do for the police department is to protect it.  I think that certain weapons are military style and do not belong out  in the street. I think we would be doing a great service to law  enforcement. We know not only do we need the personnel on the street,  but we also need to protect them and give them the resources. This is  why when I was in the State legislature in New Jersey many moons ago,  we supported the first mass weapons bill banning those weapons. They  have only one purpose, and that is in the military.   God bless our police. God bless America. God bless the Congress folks  who see beyond their nose and understand what is going on out there in  the America. We need to protect these guys and gals who go out every  day to protect us.    Madam Speaker, it is my honor to----    Madam Speaker, I introduce the Honorable Josh  Gottheimer from the Fifth District in New Jersey. He has always had as  a priority the brothers and sisters in blue.    Madam Speaker, I introduce a dynamic young lady from  California, Congresswoman Torres. I thank her for being here.    Madam Speaker, I associate myself with all the words  that were spoken on both sides of the aisle tonight. I am sure you do,  too. The main job in front of us is to protect our police officers, and  I think that we can resolve differences along those lines if we sit and  talk with each other.   There is nothing more important than protecting our citizens. I think  there is agreement on that. How we do it, well, that is always going to  be controversial, but I believe that this is one issue, particularly  what has happened over the last couple of years, that makes us either  add or subtract from the way we thought about it before.   Madam Speaker, I thank my co-chair for yielding. We have got tough  decisions to make in the future, but we will make them like we always  have, and I thank him for all of his work.   