 Mr. President, I rise today to express my strong support  for the nomination of ADM Lisa Franchetti to serve as the Chief of  Naval Operations.   As some of my colleagues know, I was 17 years old when I raised my  right hand to take the oath to defend our country and Constitution,  Navy ROTC midshipman at Ohio State at the height of the Vietnam war. We  had no women in our Navy ROTC unit at Ohio State or at any other Big  Ten college, no women in the ROTC units. In the service academies, no  women served in those roles, training roles. How things have changed.  How things have changed. We are here today to actually put a really  strong marker on that change and to applaud it.   I spent, all in, 23 years in Active and Reserve duty, and I am the  son of a Navy chief petty officer, the nephew of a Navy chief petty  officer, and the nephew of a deceased 19-year-old Navy veteran who was  killed in a kamikaze attack in World War II on a carrier in the  Pacific. My grandmother is a Gold Star mother. In my family, we bleed  Navy blue.   I can tell you firsthand, folks, that we have before us a terrific,  terrific nominee to serve as Chief of Naval Operations. She spent  practically her whole life in the Navy, serving our country around the  world in places including Italy, South Korea, as well as a number of  posts here closer to home.   Admiral Franchetti's career has spanned nearly every theater of  engagement, every level of service--commanding ships, squadrons, strike  groups, and fleet levels. She has been a commander of U.S. Naval Forces  Korea, deputy commander of U.S. Naval Forces Europe and Africa,  commander of Carrier Strike Group 9, Vice Chief of Naval Operations,  and Acting Chief of Naval Operations, just to name a few. What a  career. What a career. For her tremendous work, she has received almost  two dozen prestigious awards and recognitions. She has even received  some of the awards multiple times. What an impressive servant.   Admiral Franchetti has been making our country proud for not just a  couple of years but for decades, from the day she signed up for the  Navy ROTC Program at Northwestern University to this day.   The Senate stands poised to confirm her as Chief of Naval Operations,  where, again, she will become the first woman to serve in that role and  the first woman to serve on the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I know she will  continue her outstanding work as she breaks barriers for the Navy and  for women everywhere.   So, today, I am here to urge my colleagues to join me and others to  confirm ADM Lisa Franchetti to serve as the U.S. Navy's Chief of Naval  Operations.   I would just say to the admiral, to her husband Jim, and to their  daughter Isabelle: We have two words in the Navy that we use when we  want to applaud service, and they are ``Bravo Zulu.'' I can think of no  woman more deserving of those two words.   As a human being--for my colleagues who had an opportunity to meet  with her, you could just tell, you could see and feel why she has  received the kinds of promotions and the kind of recognition and the  kind of responsibility. She is one terrific human being as well. So I  am honored to stand here on her behalf.   I would also say that we have about 300 other men and women--senior  officers in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps--who are ready  to be promoted, deserve to be promoted, and are not being promoted  because we are not confirming them. Today, we have a chance to do  something about it, and we can start with Admiral Franchetti.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   