 Mr. President, I am on the floor tonight to talk about a  topic that rarely, if ever, gets discussed on the Senate floor. I am  here to talk about loneliness.   Every single one of us, over the course of our life, has felt lonely,  maybe really intensely lonely. I certainly have. It is an awful  feeling, right? It creates this pit in your stomach. It creates a  consuming melancholy for many. Sometimes intense loneliness can make  you physically ill. Often, it makes you really agitated and angry,  right? Why is this happening to me?   Now, there are, frankly, a lot of reasons to believe that less  Americans today should feel lonely than ever before. More of us live in  densely populated parts of the country than ever before. Technology now  allows us to connect to friends and family and communities that share  interests more easily than ever before at the press of a button.   But evidence from psychology and sociology tells us that the opposite  is true. In recent decades, we have seen rising levels of both  aloneness, which is defined as having fewer social contacts, and high  levels of loneliness, which is defined as feelings of isolation.   We live closer to each other than ever before. We have technologies  that allow us to connect to people with more ease than ever before, but  people are feeling lonelier. As we look out at a country that seems to  be kind of coming apart a little bit at the seams--I mean, people are  getting shot at just for ringing the wrong doorbell or pulling into the  wrong driveway. Hundreds are dying every day from taking a drug that is  designed to deaden their emotions. Thousands of people engaged in  violent rebellion right here in the Nation's Capital.   We need to be engaged in this search for the reasons why people are  feeling more pessimistic, more frustrated, and angrier than ever  before. And so about 8 or 9 months ago, I started talking about what I  believed to be one of the most important political issues of our time:  loneliness.   Millions of Americans are feeling this way. People report feeling  more intense loneliness than ever before in our lifetime. And it is  irresponsible for policymakers to just keep ignoring it.   Now, there are a lot of explanations for how we got here, but a few  stand out as particularly important for my colleagues to consider.   So it is true that technology does allow us to stay connected to  family and friends and find new communities, but on the whole,  technology has left many Americans, especially young people, feeling  more alone than ever before.   During the height of COVID-19, we learned the hard way that digital  communication cannot replace the value of in-person experience. For  example, studies show that face-to-face interactions create faster  connections to humans and build stronger, more enduring relationships  than anything that you can create online.   Of course, staying in touch electronically is better than losing  touch altogether, but when Facebook likes and Instagram comments  replace in-person experiences, it actually can drive up feelings of  loneliness.   Staring at your screen for 6 hours a day, no matter how many people  you are looking at, it can be a very lonely experience.   And it doesn't stop there, because there are millions of users with  developing minds--children--who spend hours staring at their screens,  scrolling through an endless stream of pictures and videos that have  been carefully curated to create an illusion of perfection, leaving  young people feeling inadequate or wanting.   Constant comparison breeds--in young people especially but in all of  us--and can result in more anxiety than fulfillment. Kids are feeling  really lousy today, and it is not just because they are spending tons  of time on their screens instead of engaging in real in-person  experiences. It is also because the content that they are watching is  dangerous and corrosive and making them feel more alone in the world  because of those feelings of envy.    Now, the second really important factor contributing to this epidemic  of loneliness in America is the erosion of local communities. Now,  connection sometimes happens randomly; but, mostly, it is facilitated  through local institutions: churches, sports teams, civic clubs, labor  unions, business organizations. We derive personal meaning as well from  those institutions, from the communities that we create or join. We get  connection, but we also get meaning.   Those institutions help us construct an identity, a sense of purpose.  It connects us to something bigger than ourselves. But in 2023, you  would be hard-pressed to find a community with the kind of thriving  local institutions of decades ago.   Globalization has erased thousands of healthy, unique downtowns,  where people often met each other at local businesses. And that  outsourcing of commerce online has also diminished local cultures that  facilitate connection, identity, and meaning. Growing up, my identity  was really strongly connected to the town that I lived in, and there  was no shortage of ways that I could easily connect with the people I  lived with.   Back then, we had thriving local newspapers where I could learn  really easily about the people in my town, which made it easier to  create that connection.   Those local newspapers are drying up by the day. We all get our news  from national sources. It was my local grocer who used to slip me a  free slice of American cheese when I would visit on the weekend with my  grandparents that made me feel like I belonged to a community, that I  wasn't alone. But now the local grocer is gone, driven out of business  by superstores or food-delivery drivers.   But even if you still had these local institutions to be a part of,  who has time any longer? A few decades ago, one job could easily  provide a family with a comfortable middle-class life. Today, adults  are forced to maintain two or three jobs to match that same income, or  work 50 or 60 or 70 hours a week. There is no time any longer for  millions of Americans to go to church, to be part of a civic club, or  just hang out with your friends or your neighbors or your family.   And so what are you seeing? Participation in youth sports is  plummeting. That is in part because overextended parents are just too  busy these days to shuttle their kids to games or practices, or they  just can't afford the fees  [[Page S2175]]  or equipment costs. Yes, kids are more interested in online gaming and  their screens, but it is also stressed-out parents who just don't have  time to participate in all those extracurricular activities with their  kids but also don't have time to join the kind of institutions that  used to give them value back when 40 hours a week was enough.   And so here is maybe the most important question: Why should we care?  What are the public policy implications of loneliness? Well, first,  there are health consequences to loneliness. American suicide rates are  rising at an alarming rate, most significantly amongst two key  populations: teenagers and rural men, who are both disproportionately  affected by the changing landscape of American culture and economics.   Researchers at NYU found a direct correlation between teenage girls'  use of Instagram and the corresponding spike in teenage girls' self- harm rates; and teenage rates of sadness are higher than ever.   For rural white men--one of my favorites--Nobel prize-winning  economist Angus Deaton, he argues that as the white male dominated  ``blue-collar aristocracy'' of 50 to 100 years ago has vanished, with  the loss of social and economic status that went with it, those men are  struggling. And this feeling of isolation, specifically amongst that  population, is rising to epidemic levels as well, with a record number  of white men who are struggling in this new world, committing acts of  self-harm.   Surgeon General Vivek Murthy does a great job of connecting the dots  between widespread loneliness and individual health. It is not just  suicide. Last month, he released a detailed advisory with shocking  statistics: Social isolation is associated with a 29-percent increase  in the risk of heart disease and a 32-percent increase in the risk of  stroke. Chronic loneliness can increase the risk of developing dementia  in older people by 50 percent. Do we think it is a coincidence that  life expectancy rates in this country are falling at the same time that  loneliness is spiking?   The second reason that we should care about this epidemic as  policymakers is because this growing isolation of Americans is helping  to fuel a growing culture of resentment and anger.   I mentioned that young woman who was shot because she pulled up to  the wrong driveway; but we see this edginess all over in our culture  today. People are strung out. Violence is more common as a means to  settle disputes, and fringe groups and conspiracy theories are more  popular than ever.   I think loneliness is a big part of the reason why all this is  happening. I mentioned that loneliness is often accompanied by a sense  of anger. Why do I feel like this? Who is to blame? This anger, coupled  with this diminishing availability of positive identities like family,  place, or institution, makes negative identities built on hatred and  distrust all the more attractive.   And so the newly isolated, the lonely, become targets for demagogues  who offer up scapegoats to blame for the decay of these traditional  sources of meaning and identity.   In 2017, America was shocked when a huge White Supremacists rally in  Charlottesville drew thousands, but this shouldn't have been a  surprise. Loneliness drives people to dark, dangerous places. And those  young White men carrying tiki torches are only the tip of a giant  iceberg of isolated, angry Americans whose search for meaning might  lead them to a seething anti-Semitic or racist mob.   Now, the picture I am painting--I get it--is pretty grim, but I am  here to tell you, there are reasons to hope. One of the reasons why I  really believe Congress can get something done attacking isolation and  loneliness and building more social connections is because there is a  growing consensus across the aisle about this set of problems that we  are dealing with and the solutions, which this problem set may be a  little less political than other problems we face in this body.   I think Congress is coming to acknowledge that the consequences of  rapidly advancing technology are not value-neutral. We have seen how  social media has deepened polarization and addicted a generation of  kids to their screens, and in the past few months, we have been  involved in a new conversation about generative AI and machine learning  and how it has the potential to displace millions of jobs and a whole  bunch of basic human functions.   Most Republicans and Democrats agree that we made a big mistake by  sitting on the sidelines during the early days of the internet and the  development most recently of social media.   The good news is that Republicans and Democrats are working together  on this problem. There are a few good pieces of legislation that could  start to hold social media companies accountable who are driving kids  into lives of increasing loneliness and isolation.   Senators Cotton, Schatz, Britt, and I have proposed a bill to set a  minimum age of 13 to use social media, to require parental consent. It  also prohibits social media companies from using these highly  personalized algorithms to drive dangerous, isolationist-inducing  content to kids.   On the issue of AI, Senator Schumer has convened a bipartisan group  that is beginning its work as well, and I am glad to be a part of it.   A second starting point that I really think really think has  bipartisan potential would be to advance policies specifically aimed at  restoring the health of our local communities and local institutions.   In Western Connecticut, in my old congressional district, we have got  the ``Brass City,'' the ``Silver City,'' the ``Hardware City,'' the  ``Hat City.'' For a long time in this country, identity, meaning, and  connection were created because we really were proud of the things we  made, of the jobs that existed. But the theory of economic  neoliberalism sent most of those jobs overseas and assumed that better  jobs would replace them. That is not what happened.   So I really believe that industrial policy is part of the solution to  decreasing isolation and loneliness. Why? Because so many people get  meaning and identity from the things that we make and used to make,  from jobs that have meaning and good wages and benefits and pensions  attached to them. That is why the CHIPS and Science Act paved the way  for a new industrial policy to get the Republicans and Democrats to  come together and work on creating more meaning in work which I think  leads to isolation and loneliness.   But, as I said before, that only works if a full-time job provides a  living wage and you have enough time in the evenings and on the  weekends to be able to engage with your friends and your family and  your community.   So I am also hopeful that we can make progress across the aisle  driving up the minimum wage and incentivizing jobs to pay real living  wages.   This week, a conservative group called American Compass released a  report that was underlaid by a really scathing critique of modern  capitalism. The conference was attended by a bunch of our Republican  colleagues here. The report called for policymakers to remake  capitalism so that our economic system works to build strong families,  healthy individuals, and connected communities instead of just viewing  families and individuals as mere pawns of the global market, the grease  that makes the wheels of profit move. This is a really interesting  development. Serious people on the right are starting to rethink the  nature of capitalism to make sure that our economy works for families  and individuals to make us more connected and less lonely. So there is  real possibility that both parties, the right and the left, can come  together to address this crisis of American isolation.   America's epidemic of loneliness is far from terminal. Our retreat  into ourselves is a product of economic, cultural, and political  choices we have made, but it is not too late to chart a new path. I get  it. This is a Congress that has a hard time solving much more  straightforward problems, so tackling a metaphysical crisis like  loneliness might feel like a Herculean task. So, right now, I would  argue that we just need a starting point, an organizing point for some  of these discussions.   So I am working on legislation that would just start by establishing  a national strategy, a national conversation around loneliness and how  to promote connectedness. Every Agency  [[Page S2176]]  should have a role to play in this crisis. So I would argue that we  just need to start with a dedicated office to coordinate a  governmentwide strategy to tackle loneliness and strengthen  communities.   I also think we should have guidelines and best practices for public  entities to engage in trying to connect people. We have guidelines for  nutrition and physical activity and sleep. We should have these  guidelines for social connection.   Finally, we can't really address this crisis adequately if we don't  understand it. So my legislation would also include some small amounts  of funding to support research on the social and health impacts of  widespread loneliness.   I look forward to talking to my colleagues about this legislation. It  doesn't solve the problem, but I think it is time that we start  organizing our work and our thoughts around what is, in many ways, a  foundational problem, which explains a lot of the things that people  are feeling that drives political instability, bad health outcomes, and  just general unhappiness in this country.   Loneliness is one of the few issues that defies traditional political  boundaries, cuts across almost every demographic, from teenage girls  living in cities, to White men living out in rural areas, blue States  to red States, unaffordable cities to left-behind manufacturing towns.   There is a ton of room for us to come together to combat this growing  epidemic of loneliness, and I hope that my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle are eager to be part of this solution.   I yield the floor.   