 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment prohibits the funds from being  appropriated by this Act for being used to enforce any COVID-19 mask  mandates. Policies involving mandatory masks implementation are not  about safety nor are they about science. Mask mandates are, at their  core, about control.   Dr. Tom Jefferson, a leading epidemiologist who coauthored what The  New York Times opinion section called the most rigorous and  comprehensive analysis of scientific studies conducted on the efficacy  of masks for reducing the spread of respiratory illnesses, including  COVID-19, found that there was no evidence that masks made any  difference.   He found that wearing a mask in public places makes little or no  difference in the number of infections. For my colleagues and friends  on the other side who do privately believe that masks or a mask mandate  should be in place, I would say that unfortunately mask mandates  include all masks. Yet, the gold standard, N95 masks, have been proven  ineffective.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I too believe in reaching for the moon, for  achieving big things. We eradicated polio using science. We went to the  moon using science. Mask mandates were based off of fear and control.   Dr. Jefferson goes on to say in his study that policymakers who  impose mask mandates on Americans were convinced by nonrandomized  studies--flawed observational studies not rooted in science. It was  about control.   Mr. Chairman, I find, as a Member of Congress, any action of this  body that infringes on liberty to be a problem, any action by this body  that infringes on law to be a problem, and any action by this body that  infringes the Constitution of this great country to be a problem.   Mr. Chairman, I stand here in great opposition to using money to take  the  [[Page H5138]]  liberty away from hardworking Americans of freedom that has been fought  for and bled for, and I will not rest.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, well, here we go again, the administration's  war on appliances continues.   First it was gas stoves, then it was water heaters, and now it is ice  makers. I live in the country; I like a glass of iced tea--operative  word there is iced.   The Department of Energy has proposed a rule to impose stringent  regulations on commercial automatic ice makers in the name of energy  efficiency. For my fellow Americans watching this amendment debate, if  someone knocks on the door of your local business and tells you they  are from the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, don't  answer.   We have seen this play before. In 2014, the Obama administration  pushed a rule to force different sectors of the American economy to  comply with more restrictive energy standards--targeting hotels,  targeting hospitals, targeting schools, office buildings, supermarkets,  and restaurants.   At the time, the proposed rule was projected to cost manufacturers  $24 million over a 30-year period, about a quarter of industry's  profits. That is what this rule would do. It is time to get the  government out of the ice making business and get back to the business  of achieving great things.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague's sentiment, and I  would just say that at a time when we have increased electrification in  this country, at a time when we have continued stress and demand for  electricity in this country--even in Tennessee the lauded and respected  TVA had brownouts this past winter because of the demand for energy.   Rather than increasing our own energy production, rather than  focusing on supporting a new innovative nuclear technology to expand  our ability to be energy independent, to produce more energy, they are  focusing on ice makers.   Mr. Chairman, this is ridiculous. This is absurd. This is nothing  more than a woke Biden administration that is, once again, regulating  and rulemaking against businesses that ultimately will cost consumers  more money.   Mr. Chairman, I would ask for adoption of my amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   