 Mr. Chairman, I am proud to rise in support of  the amendment offered by my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry) that  is appropriately titled the SHOW UP amendment.   Isn't that the minimum standard--to show up--to come to work,  especially when you are on the Federal dole paid by the taxpayer?   This amendment would ensure that the staff of the FAA do what most  Americans probably assume that they are already doing and actually go  back to work.    It requires the FAA to comply with the SHOW UP Act.   The problem, as Mr. Perry has already mentioned, with these Federal  agencies--have you ever tried to get a passport recently or a visa  recently and need help with a Federal agency?   The employees are not at work.   The SHOW UP Act was already passed with bipartisan support earlier  this Congress, and this commonsense amendment requires agencies to  return to the policies that were in place as of December of 2019, just  3\1/2\ years ago.   It also stipulates that agencies may not arbitrarily expand telework  policies unless the Office of Personnel Management deems that it would  have a significant, positive impact on the agency's mission. It is hard  to imagine how that would truly be the case.   Removing the FAA's ability to perpetuate its current relaxed telework  policy simply puts the FAA on the same footing as its counterparts in  the private sector and requires these Federal employees to do what the  civilians they are purportedly there to serve are required to do: show  up to work every day.   The China virus has long dissipated, and it is time for the FAA  employees to resume their normal day-to-day duties in the office, and  it is ridiculous that we have to try to force this to happen.   Mr. Chairman, I will give you some stats.   An October 2022 survey by the OPM of 558,000 Federal employees  revealed that 20 percent never report to a physical office, while 46  percent come to the office some of the time.   Unfortunately, unions like the American Federation of Government  Employees--a government union should be illegal, by the way--are  fighting to keep America's Federal employees at home permanently.    Mr. Chairman, another survey from the OPM found  that 80 percent of managers in Federal agencies report they are  managing a poorly performing staff and it is nearly impossible to take  actions like demoting or firing them, thanks to the government unions.   The problem is even worse when you consider a May Federal News  Network Survey showed that only 8 percent of Federal employees are  coming in to work--8 percent every day.   Mr. Chairman, when there is an unfortunate incident that happens at  the FAA, we need these FAA employees onsite and ready to respond to do  everything they can to remediate the situation.  [[Page H3871]]    My constituents go to work every day, and, Mr. Chairman, your  constituents go to work every day. They don't want to pay the salaries  of Federal employees who don't have to show up to work.   Again, it is hard to believe we have to have an amendment to require  this, but this amendment should pass, and I hope all my colleagues will  support it.   