 Mr. Speaker, as the only still-serving coauthor and  cosponsor of the motion to vacate Speaker Boehner, I can tell you this  motion to vacate is a terrible idea. As the only Member who is serving  here who took every chance to vote against Speaker Boehner and to vote  against Speaker Ryan, I can tell you that this Chamber has been run  better, more conservatively, and more transparently under Mr. McCarthy  than any other Speaker that I have served under.   As a member of the Rules Committee, one of three conservatives who  was placed there out of trust--the Speaker gave us a blocking position  by putting three of us on there to keep an eye on the Rules Committee,  to make sure the process was fair and even--I can tell you it has been  fair and even. None of us are voting against the Speaker today.   Regular order is at odds with predetermined outcomes. Yet, the  Speaker is being accused of not holding to regular order and  predetermined outcomes at the same time. It is not possible. You cannot  be for both at the same time.   I was a party to the January agreement, and I can tell you that there  were promises in there, but there was never a promise for an outcome.  There was never a promise that you could force Joe Biden to sign  something. There was only the promise that we would try, and try we  have. We have tried in the Rules Committee. We have tried on the floor.  We have been trying since this summer.   There is enough blame to go around for why we don't have 12 bills,  but part of it was a relitigation of the debt limit deal.   By the way, there was no promise on the debt limit deal. There were  no conditions on that in January--zero--whatsoever. I was in the room  for that.   The 12 bills were delayed over what? $100 billion. That is a lot of  money, but it is nothing compared to the $2 trillion that I came here  to object to when Speaker Pelosi and President Trump pushed that bill  through.   We have had over 500 amendments. Listen, this is a referendum on this  institution. We have tried regular order. Speaker McCarthy has tried  regular order. If regular order fails today, if you vote to vacate the  Speaker, no one is going to try again. This institution will fail.  Please do not vacate the Speaker.   