 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my good friend  and colleague, the small business owner from Texas, Congressman  Williams, and I support his resolution under the Congressional Review  Act to nullify the CFPB Small Business Lending Rule, or section 1071 of  the Dodd-Frank Act.   The small business lending rule that was finalized in March is  incredibly onerous. It imposes massive burdens on financial  institutions. It will be misleading and confusing for borrowers. It  will ultimately harm the very small business owners, the minority- and  women-owned small business owners, that they say they want to help  because those are the businesses that will not have access to capital-- certainly not affordable capital.   While the Dodd-Frank Act does charge the Bureau with adopting rules  regarding small business lending, Director Chopra's rule goes far  beyond Congressional intent. By requiring the collection of 81 data  fields, it greatly exceeds what is mandated by statute.   As has been said very eloquently, it will be extremely burdensome on  financial institutions, leading to increased costs and less  availability of credit for millions of Main Street borrowers and  entrepreneurs.    I have to address this absurd argument about the voluntary nature of  the disclosures here. If this is really voluntary--and I want the CFPB  to hear this, the advocate of this rule, I want them to hear.   If this is totally voluntary, when my constituents do not provide the  CFPB with this information, I want the CFPB to go back and watch the  tape, because I don't want my constituents to then be punished by the  CFPB when they are not given the information they want. I am going to  tell my constituents who are being harassed by this bureaucracy to go  back and listen to the ranking member because she said it is voluntary.  I want them to quote the ranking member to CFPB when the CFPB harasses  them for bureaucracy.   Then, I want everyone here in this Chamber to recognize that this  week, in the Committee on Financial Services, I asked Director Chopra  if he recognizes that if a small business owner fails to understand why  demographic information--irrelevant, by the way, to creditworthiness of  the borrower--demographic data is being collected, it could lead to  confusion and misunderstanding and potential liability for the  financial institution.   For example, the rule requires small business owners to disclose  their race, their ethnicity, and their gender or sexual orientation  when applying for that loan. They have to give this information prior  to underwriting. If that loan is denied, the applicant could be  reasonably led to believe that that demographic information was the  basis for the denial and not the myriad of other legitimate factors  which play into lending decisions.  [[Page H6060]]    Madam Speaker, Director Chopra agreed with me that this could be  confusing to the borrower.   Clearly, there are a lot of important factors that were not been  properly considered prior to the finalization of this rule.   Does this make sense?   I thought we got to a point in the country where race was not  supposed to matter, but the other side of the aisle thinks race is the  only thing that matters, and that is wrong. That is wrong.   This rule's requirement will force many community banks and credit  unions across the country to exit small business lending altogether.  That is what my constituents tell me.   Small banks across Central/Eastern Kentucky tell me this is so  burdensome; the requirements are so ridiculous that they are just going  to exit small business lending altogether.   Now, how does that help the minority-owned small business on Main  Street USA? It hurts them.   This is absurd that we would actually hurt minority-and women-owned  small businesses by burdening them with massive amounts of red tape.    Madam Speaker, finally, I want to address this ridiculous  argument from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who  constantly cite this poll that they keep talking about, which Democrats  wanted. They say, oh, the American people love the CFPB because it  describes the CFPB as the Salvation Army or something.   The truth of the matter is, if the poll was asked with the truthful  information--that this agency drives up the cost and decreases the  availability of credit, increases regulatory costs for small  businesses, increases interest costs for Americans for their credit  cards when they pay on time, decreases access to consumer credit, and  is completely exempt from the appropriations process and totally  unaccountable--if you ask the question the truthful way, the American  people overwhelmingly say the CFPB is a failure.   