 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for  yielding and for her leadership on protecting Israel and providing them  the means to protect themselves.   Mr. Speaker, our great friend and ally, Israel, with assistance from  the U.S., continues to respond to the cowardly Hamas invasion that  includes psychotic terrorists butchering innocent civilians, rape,  hostage-taking, the beheading of babies, and the daily indiscriminate  missile attacks that are reminiscent of Nazi buzz bombs and V-2  rockets.   Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that he would never  allow a second Holocaust, nor should we. Anti-Semitism, as we all know,  is at the root of Hamas violence against Israel.   Mr. Speaker, I ask Members to read the charter that was put out by  Hamas in 1988. They call for killing Jews--slaughtering Jews. I ask  every Member to read it. They demand the destruction of Israel--that  there be no Israel--that they eviscerate it from planet Earth.   This important bill provides $14.3 billion to provide military  assistance to Israel, including $4 billion to replenish Iron Dome and  David's Sling, $3.5 billion for foreign military financing, $1.2  billion for the continuing development of the Iron Beam system, and so  much more.    Mr. Speaker, like the Nazis before them, Hamas and its chief  terrorism sponsor, Iran, are committing genocide against the Jews.   Can you believe that Iran is now chairing the United Nations Human  Rights Council in Geneva as of today? That is absurd.   The United States--and all people committed to human rights and the  rule of law--must stand with Israel. That means our moral support and  our prayers. That means ensuring that critical intelligence be shared,  and every weapon system critical in destroying Hamas, including Iron  Dome, is conveyed to Israel in quantities commensurate to the challenge  and without delay.   Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill, and I call on my friends on  the other side of the aisle to support it.   