 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there be up to  4 minutes of debate equally divided on Senate amendments Nos. 1217 and  1347.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1217 and ask that  it be reported by number.    The Federal Reserve effectively controls the economy but  without scrutiny. No other institution has so much unchecked power.   The Fed demonstrated its unlimited authority during the pandemic. The  Fed printed money, purchased government-backed securities, and doled  out massive amounts of money to favorite industries. The result added  almost $5 trillion to the Fed's balance sheet, the largest in our  history.   When Dodd-Frank ordered a limited, one-time audit of Fed actions, the  Government Accountability Office uncovered that during the financial  crisis, the Fed doled out over $16 trillion to domestic and foreign  banks. This kind of inflationary bailout should not be kept secret from  the public.   While the Fed's easy money policies make the rich richer, the side  effect is high inflation. As Milton Friedman famously explained,  ``Inflation is taxation without legislation.''   Congress cannot control the Fed's actions, but Fed actions can cost  Americans dearly. Just ask any parent who has to feed his or her family  during historically high inflation rates.   My amendment would require a full audit of the Fed within 1 year. It  is time for the Federal Reserve to operate in a manner that is  transparent and accountable to the taxpayers. I ask for a ``yes'' vote.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1347 and ask that  it be reported by number.    Mr. President, the national debt just recently surpassed  $33 trillion. That is $280,000 per household. Unless we change course,  the debt only increases.   CBO predicts trillion-dollar deficits as far as the eye can see. We  borrow over $176,000,000 every hour, $3,000,000 is borrowed every  minute, and $50,000 every second. It is out of control.   Net interest payments are anticipated to double, from $475 billion to  a trillion dollars by fiscal year 2028. Interest will be the largest  item of expenditure for the Federal Government.   Americans could pay dearly for Congress's inability to say no to the  welfare and warfare state. It could mean confiscatory tax rates, high  inflation, and a weak economy. But it doesn't have to be this way.   My amendment begins the path toward fiscal health by saving the  taxpayers $30 billion. My amendment also cuts $25 billion that the  Biden administration wants to use to sic the IRS on taxpayers to  squeeze them for even more money. That is a reduction of $55 billion  for what the government is on track to spend.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I call up my amendment, No. 1121, and ask  that it be reported by number.    Madam President, our Declaration of Independence asserts  that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the  governed. While voters may elect Members of Congress, Americans are  increasingly governed by bureaucrats they do not know, will never meet,  and cannot hold accountable.   In 2022, the Biden administration imposed $117.1 billion in  regulatory costs on the American people. Unelected, unknown, and  unaccountable bureaucrats should not unilaterally develop the most  significant public policies that impose costly burdens on American  families and businesses.   To restore republican accountability to our government, Senator Lee  and I propose that we adopt as an amendment a bill that I have  introduced for several years called the REINS Act. The REINS Act would  require Congress to affirmatively approve every new major rule proposed  by the executive branch before it is permitted to become effective.   By passing the REINS Act, the American people, through their elected  officials, will reclaim the ability to prevent unnecessary government  interference in everyday life.   I ask for a ``yes'' vote.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  interns in my office be granted privileges of the floor until December  15, 2023: Seamus Creighton-Kirk and Adam Weiss.   