 Mr. President, I am here to join some of my colleagues to  talk about President Biden's budget proposal. I have heard a lot of the  floor speeches today, and I hear a lot of facts and figures that are  all very important, but sometimes it is kind of hard to translate that  down to what it means around a kitchen table.   I am actually speaking with a very vivid memory of the life I lived  as a teenager back in the seventies when my mother and father, with six  kids, were always on the economic bubble based on what happens in  Washington.   The challenges of working families are significant, and the  challenges this budget presents make them even more so.   I will start off with a couple of facts and figures because I think  it is important. We have had inflation go up at about 15 percent since  President Biden was in office. I am going to talk a little bit about  that in a minute.   If you go on Bloomberg or you read the Wall Street Journal, they use  words like ``CPI'' and ``PCE'' and all these things. That won't  necessarily make a lot of sense to folks who haven't studied it, but it  does matter that grocery prices are up by 20 percent since President  Biden took office.   That is a 40-year high. And it also matters that rent prices-- something that my family in the seventies, depending upon what Congress  did to us, very seldom for us, we would either be in a house that my  parents owned or a house or a trailer that my parents rented. And when  rents go up like that, the choices get fewer and fewer.   These interest rates--these numbers are hurting the American people,  but I want to go back to the interest rate discussion.   The fact of the matter is, we found ourselves in a once-in-a-century  challenge with the global pandemic in COVID. And in this body, I joined  the vast majority of Democrats and Republicans to do everything we had  to do to make things meet. That is why we did the Paycheck Protection  Plan, which saved hundreds, if not millions, of jobs. We did a number  of things on a bipartisan basis.   So I think that we have to look at that overall inflation number and  see how much of that was just necessary so that, in our judgment, we  could weather a storm that could have created a global economic  disaster. There are some of my Members who say we shouldn't focus on  that, but I think we need to be honest with the American people.   However, what we have seen since President Biden came into office was  something that really disappointed me, as somebody who has worked  across the aisle a number of different times, and that was two partisan  bills: one that was $1.9 trillion shortly after President Biden took  office; another  [[Page S789]]  one, the so-called--I call it the ``Inflation Production Act'' because  it has very little to do with reduction. Its official title is the  Inflation Reduction Act.   So we are talking about $3 trillion in spending, after we had all  decided that the money that we put out there to weather the storm for  the global pandemic needed to be spent. We even raised questions about  whether or not that money should be spent for what we originally  intended. The point to that is the government had spent enough, and  then these partisan bills took place, and these partisan bills are  absolutely one of the root causes and primary reasons why we are seeing  inflation today.   As a matter of fact, the rising inflation is one of the root causes  behind what we are seeing, and with that interest rates, because when  inflation goes up and the Federal Reserve wants to get inflation back  down to 2 percent--we are at 6 percent now. There are some people high- fiving over that. I don't know why. Yes, it is down from 7 percent or  so, but we are nowhere near where we need to be.   And inflation happens when government spends too much. That is what  we are seeing happen, and, in fact, because of inflation and the need  to raise interest rates, now we have banks that have failed, largely  based on the inflation rate exposure and what they are having to do  when their debts come due.   So we have a budget that even the additional spending--I think the  top-line number is $6.8 trillion. Now, to be fair, in the COVID  timeframe, it was a little over 4 trillion--I think maybe even a little  bit north of that but certainly not at this level. We are spending too  much. And the American families, and working families, in particular,  people on that economic bubble, are the ones who are going to suffer  the most if we don't figure out how to get it right.   So we have got a deficit, a deficit in this budget. We have got new  debt in this budget. We have got new taxes in this budget. And we have  invalid assumptions about where we are today.   How on Earth can we be making an optimistic assumption about  inflation that is somewhere near 2 percent? Does anybody here honestly  believe that we are going to be high-fiving and being at 2 percent  inflation over the next year and a half or 2 years? I don't believe  that that is true. But how can you make that an underlying assumption  in the budget--because the President is smart, his advisers are smart;  they know that that is a false premise for a budget.   So it is even worse than it may seem. And what makes me sad about  this is it is really worse for the people who are already getting 80  cents on the dollar for groceries, for the people who are only getting  90 cents on the dollar for rent today. It all comes back to the people  who are struggling the most.   We should talk about some of the other taxes that are in this  legislation. Energy. Generally speaking, most people have to buy gas;  they have got to heat their homes. Energy taxes are going up. I think  the estimate that we have right now is about $20 billion in additional  energy taxes.   I don't know about you all, but virtually every time I see a tax  increase, if you wait long enough, you will see how that translates  into a tax burden on working families. It is inevitable. Corporations  ultimately don't pay taxes.   When you are going to increase a corporate tax by 30 percent, who  ultimately pays for that? Yes, they may be able to work around the  edges and absorb some of that, but what they are going to do is find a  way to get the consumer--working families--to pay for that. That is how  this works.   That, incidentally, is how the bailout of Silicon Valley Bank is  going to work. It is fair, and it would pass a fact check, that the  plan that was agreed to over the weekend to resolve Silicon Valley Bank  isn't a tax in the way that we describe a tax. It is that tax you get  from the IRS, for example. It is that tax you get--sales tax at a  register.   Why is this also a hidden tax? Because do you honestly believe that  some community bank that is struggling to keep a branch open in an  underserved area in rural North Carolina--they are going to make one of  two choices. They are either going to make that banking service more  expensive or they are simply going to leave that bank. And now we get  to unbanked and underbanked areas that are most hard hit, the ones that  actually have working families who need banks to serve them.   The other thing--I am not going to get into details, but I am also  very concerned with the signal that President Biden has sent on  defense.    There is a plus-up in defense spending, but the President's proposed  budget--in the worst possible time with all the conflicts that we are  dealing with--the Ukraine conflict, the threat from China, the  continuing threat in the Middle East. Is this really a time to send the  signal that we are going to spend less on national defense?   We have been trying to get to a 355-ship Navy for almost a decade--at  least 8 years, as many years as I have been here. I have been on the  Senate Armed Services Committee for those 8 years, and we were always  talking about how are we going to get to 355? We are just under 300  now.   This budget is suggesting that we may even have a smaller Navy than  we have today, when China has one of the largest navies that has ever  existed--actually, probably the largest navy that has ever existed in  the history of the world.   So we are prioritizing domestic spending; we are turning our back on  national security; and all the net increase in spending is based on  assumptions that they are making that will ultimately--if they don't  believe it, they need to believe it--it is going to hurt working  families the most.   Well, the good news about President Biden's budget is that it gives  us a real, I think, understanding of what his priorities are.   The better news is that that budget is not going to pass through  Congress because we are going to have to work on something that is more  responsible, that is not inflationary, that tries to get taxes in line  so that people can afford the bill that you will ultimately have to  pay.   And I hope that over the next--in the coming months that we can have  a discussion about let's start with the people who are hurt most. Let's  look at the policies that channel directly into making that burden  greater, and let's do something good for the United States and the  hard-working families across this country.   And for that reason, I will do everything I can, Mr. President. You  are somebody I have worked with on a bipartisan basis. I hope that we  can get the Senate and the House to recognize that it is time for us to  stand up and produce something that puts working families at the  forefront.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Isaac  Holmes, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the Congress.   