 Madam President, good afternoon.   I rise to join my two colleagues who just spoke in opposition to S.J.  Res. 38, a Congressional Review Act resolution to disapprove of the  Biden administration's temporary waiver of the ``Buy American''  requirements for the electric vehicle charging infrastructure.   Why is this important? Why should Americans care about this issue?  Well, we continue to see, on almost a daily basis, daily reminders that  our planet is on fire. Scientists tell us that we are running out of  time to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to avoid the worst of the  climate crisis. The rest the world is looking at us. The rest of the  world is looking at us, the United States, for leadership right now on  this issue. Instead, we are voting on a resolution that President Biden  will certainly veto. That means it will not go into effect.   Having said all of that, let me explain why I oppose the resolution  offered by our colleague from Florida. The way this resolution works is  more than a little bit confusing, so let's take a couple of minutes to  try to make clear what it would actually do. My colleagues have already  referred to this. To better understand that, it is important to  understand how we got to this point.   As I mentioned, addressing the existential threat of climate change  is one of the most challenging events we currently face as a planet. We  also know that our transportation sector, including the cars, trucks,  and vans on our roads, is the largest source of greenhouse gas  emissions in the U.S. economy. In fact, the cars, trucks, and vans we  drive create nearly 30 percent of our greenhouse gas emissions in  America.   To that end, we included $7.5 billion--billion with a ``b''--in the  bipartisan infrastructure law to help build out a national network of  electric vehicle charging infrastructure, supporting our climate goals  and creating jobs--lots of jobs--right here in America.   We are already seeing the impact of our investment. Since enacting  the bipartisan infrastructure law nearly 2  [[Page S5418]]  years ago, the electric vehicle charging industry has announced  investments of over $500 million in more than 40 plants for assembling  American-made EV chargers. Let me say that again. The electric vehicle  charging industry has announced investments of over $500 million in  more than 40 plants for assembling American-made EV chargers. These  plants in States like Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, and North  Carolina are bringing more manufacturing jobs back to the United  States--back to the United States. That means relying less on countries  like China to enable our clean energy transition.   If enacted, Senator Rubio's resolution would undermine this progress.  His resolution would create greater uncertainty for our domestic EV  charging industry, directly contradicting our goal of having this  equipment made and assembled right here in the U.S. of A. That is why  groups like the AFL-CIO and, as we have just heard, the United  Steelworkers oppose the Rubio resolution. They oppose it. The reason  why they oppose it is because its adoption would mean shipping jobs  overseas instead of building our supply chain right here at home.   So, in reality, this resolution would actually weaken ``Buy  American'' requirements. It would result in more EV charging products  being built overseas, not here. It would undermine American workers and  our Nation's ability to be global leaders in electric vehicles.   Put simply, a vote for this resolution is a vote against American  manufacturing of EV chargers. That is why I oppose this resolution, and  I urge my colleagues to do so as well.   With that, I yield the floor.   I am looking to see if there is anyone else to speak. I don't see  anyone, so I suggest the absence of a quorum.   