 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I rise today  to object to the quick passage of H.R. 4470, which seeks to extend the  Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program.   How could anybody be against that? I am actually for it. We should  have terrorism standards. But--you know what--we always had these  before 9/11. How did it work before the government got involved?   Well, companies had to insure things. If you had a $100-million  electric plant and it was at risk for sabotage or a fire or a  disruption to the community, you had insurance, and insurance required  that you have a fence. I mean, these things happen. It is not as if  safety for our utilities and public chemical plants didn't exist before  9/11. So there are ways that the marketplace would take care of this.   This measure, though, which would reauthorize this regulatory program  for another 2 years, I think is being rushed through the Senate without  due consideration or, really, any consideration at all. The Homeland  Security Committee has jurisdiction over the program, yet we have not  had any hearings to discuss this program or its effectiveness.   This is part of the problem of government is we tend to reauthorize  things without ever examining whether they work, what works, what  doesn't work. Some programs might need more money; some programs might  need less money. And we might ask ourselves: Do we have any money?   We are $31 trillion, $32 trillion in debt. We borrow about $1  trillion every year. It is easy to be for stuff. Everybody has got  something good. Everybody is for something, but where does the money  come from? We haven't really had any hearing to discuss this program or  its effectiveness since the last time it was authorized, nor has the  committee considered any legislation to reform the program.   This program is a regulatory program. It is hundreds of regulations,  and it was established to prevent the misuse of hazardous chemicals.  But it also fails to understand that every company has a self-incentive  to protect hazardous chemicals that is built into the nature of the way  they do business.   Facilities that store certain quantities of designated chemicals of  interest, though, under this legislation, must undergo a risk  assessment inspection every 2 years.   If it is not reauthorized? It has been going on for 20 years. My  guess is that the vast majority, if not all, of the utilities and  chemical plants in this country have undergone this. My guess is, if  the program didn't exist, they would still all have fences and barbed  wire and protections against terrorism because they want to protect  their investment.   The requirement, though, through government places a burden on  business, impeding their potential growth and creating unsurmountable  barriers to entry for those who find the regulatory compliance too  cumbersome and expensive to even attempt to break into the sector.   This is why, a lot of times, big businesses like regulations.  Regulations become a formidable barrier to new companies coming into  the business. Why not have a ton of regulations, sort of like banks.  All the banking regulations--guess who likes the banking regulations:  the big banks, because they can hire more compliance officers. Your  local bank in your town can't afford to do it. So the local bank gets  gobbled up by the bigger bank because of regulatory burden.   The monetary resources required to implement and maintain these  standards are substantial, and the cost implications impact not just  private companies but also the Department of Homeland Security.   The United States is trillions of dollars in debt. We cannot continue  to just pour money into nonessential government programs. We should  have a discussion of what are the private incentives for people to  protect their chemical plants, to protect their utilities. There is a  long history of this. In fact, it was the history of our country until  fairly recently.    The Department of Homeland Security has a consistent track record of  creating duplicative programs. Over the past 12 years, the Government  Accountability Office--the GAO--has documented over 1,100 cases of  duplicative programs created by Congress.   Everybody has a great idea--we are going to fix this--but they don't  ever take time to look up and find out that somebody had the idea 3  years before, and they already created a program to fix this. So  sometimes we have as many as 80 different programs to fix a problem  that has already been fixed previously 80 times.   It should come as no surprise to any of us that our government has  grown into a $6.5 trillion leviathan, and this body seems more  interested in passing bills than understanding the contents of the  bills, the programs, or whether the programs are working.   We saved, though, over $550 billion by removing just half of GAO's  identified duplicative programs. Five hundred and fifty billion dollars  was saved by taking the time to find out that we already have other  programs doing what the new program proposes to do.   I have already expressed a number of concerns about this program, but  what should alarm us the most about this reauthorization is that GAO  already found much of this program to be duplicative of other Agencies  in a report from 2021. That is why I will be introducing and attaching  to this bill and letting the bill go, frankly, if we can agree today to  attach a small bill, but I think it could have profound implications  over government.   This is called the Duplication Scoring Act. What would happen is,  every time someone gets a genius idea how they are going to fix your  life or fix your business with another law, there would have to be a  duplication score, and government would come forward and say ``Well, we  have 32 programs that already do the same thing'' or ``We have 32  programs that aren't working that do the same thing.'' It would be what  a government should normally do before creating a new program--find out  if we already have existing programs.   So I will be asking consent to pass this bill. I will let the program  continue, even though I think it has many problems, if we will add a  duplication scoring system to all programs in government so we can  review whether they already exist and are working. This program would  be produced for each bill.   I think all of us can agree that there is no point in passing a bill  that already exists in another fashion or already has Agencies that do  the same job. Before we unknowingly pass a thousand more of these  duplicative, fragmented programs, I urge my colleagues to support my  amendment, which would continue the program, allow it to be  reauthorized, but at the same time begin having a duplication score on  every new proposal.   So I would ask the Senate to modify the current request; that my  amendment, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to; that the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that  the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I object, Mr. President. I object.    I call up my amendment No. 438 and ask that it be reported  by number.    The United States sent $113 billion in aid to Ukraine. It  is impossible to send this much aid this fast into war-torn Ukraine  without waste, fraud, and abuse. Yet we are told by the departmental  inspectors general that they have not substantiated any cases of fraud.  That is not good news. Zero cases mean our oversight is failing.   What our government can't find was uncovered by Ukrainian journalists  who uncovered a scandalous contract to buy food for soldiers at grossly  inflated prices that led to the resignation of Ukraine's Deputy Defense  Minister.   Fortunately, a successful independent oversight body already exists.  The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction conducted  hundreds of audits in Afghanistan and saved over $3 billion for the  taxpayers. We already have a war-tested inspector general in  Afghanistan who is ready and able to take on the task of oversight of  aid to Ukraine.   Let's not waste any more American treasure. A vote for my amendment  is a vote for real oversight.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  interns from my office be granted floor privileges until August 18,  2023: Kate Micallef, Sydney Windhorst, Linden Shelby, Spencer Woodall,  and Chloe Truett.   