 Mr. President, it shouldn't take a train derailment for  elected officials to put partisanship aside and work together for the  people whom we serve--not work for corporations like Norfolk Southern.   That is why, this morning, I introduced bipartisan legislation with  Senator Vance, my new Republican colleague, who has been here only  about 2 months, and our colleagues Senator Rubio, Republican from  Florida; Senator Casey, a longtime friend and Democrat from  Pennsylvania; Senator Fetterman, also a freshman who has been here a  couple of months, from Pennsylvania; and Senator Hawley from Missouri,  to make trains safer as they go through places like East Palestine, OH.   Railroad company lobbyists spent years fighting every effort that we  could make to make our trains and our rail lines safer. Now Ohioans  have seen it, and Georgia has seen it, and the Presiding Officer, the  senior Senator from Georgia, has seen it in his State. Ohioans have  seen these rail crashes, these derailments, just in the last 4 months.  The one in East Palestine is the best known because the damage was the  greatest. But there was also one in Sandusky, on Lake Erie, the  greatest body of fresh water in the world, in the Great Lakes; and also  in Steubenville, on the Ohio River. Those are the two greatest natural  resources that our State has, the Ohio River and Lake Erie. It affects  drinking water and all kinds of things--recreation for so many people.  We have seen that all three of these communities are paying a price.   Over the past month, I have been in East Palestine multiple times,  talking with residents, the mayor, the fire chief, business owners,  parents. I have heard their fears for what this means for their town,  for their futures.   I met with Melissa Smith, who runs a company, a candle-making  company. I learned something from her and from my wife--that the best  candles now are made from soy, not wax. They smell better and burn  cleaner. Thank you for acknowledging that. Perhaps, it is better for  the environment. But she owns this candle company that she and her  daughter run.   She and her husband, about 4 miles away, have a small farm. They have  25 beef cattle. I think she said 25. She has regular customers. This  isn't some huge stockyard. She has regular customers, and these  customers, whom she sells to every year, buy a side of beef or a full  beef and she tells me she is getting calls from these customers saying:  I don't know if I am going to buy this year. Is your beef safe?   She can't promise that, and they don't know.   We agree we need to do everything in our power to make sure an  accident like this never happens again and make sure these residents-- the 4,500 residents of East Palestine and the township, Unity Township,  around it; and east of Unity Township, the township east is in western  PA, Darlington Township--to make sure people's lives return to normal.    Our bill would do a few key things. It includes new safety  requirements for trains that carry hazardous materials. Governor  DeWine, who served in the Senate before he was Governor, is  particularly upset that these trains--these tanker train cars--can come  in that are carrying hazardous material and not tell the State or local  governments or, more importantly, not tell firefighters and people who  are not trained to fight hazmat kinds of fires.   The bill would also mean new rules to prevent wheel bearing failures  like we saw in this crash. We know wheel bearing failures are the No. 1  mechanical cause of derailments.   It would require two-person crews on every train.   Think about this. This train was more than 150-cars long, more than a  mile. It has one locomotive at the front, then a locomotive about two- thirds of the way or halfway back to help pull the train. There were  only two employees. There were three this time: two employees and a  trainee. But the railroads want there to only be one human being riding  these trains--one human being on a train a mile long, 150 cars.   We require a minimum two-person work crew on every train. It is a  good first step toward making train and rail lines safer and protecting  rail workers.   It means real accountability when accidents happen.   It raises the fines that, right now, are so low that they don't even  make a dent in the profits of these big companies; it is just the cost  of doing business.   We have seen what happens: dangerous derailments over and over. There  were three in Ohio just in the last few months.   As Norfolk Southern's profits have gone up, accidents have gone up.  That is not exactly shocking. They don't care about these communities  and the damage they do, as long as they still bring in enough to do  billions in stock buybacks to reward their executives. Last year, they  did $3 billion in stock buybacks. This year, they were planning to do  several billion more. They backed off after the train derailment, of  course.   In the last 10 years, Norfolk Southern laid off one-third of their  workforce. You know what that means? It means track inspections by  Norfolk Southern employees are more cursory, not as thorough, not as  safe, not done as well. They can't be because these workers are so  harried and have so much work to do.   The rail companies cut costs by cutting corners and, as I said,  cutting workers, leaving crews overworked and unsafe. It happens  quarter after quarter.   They report every quarter back to their Wall Street analysts all the  ways they have cut costs, cut costs, cut costs. Communities like East  Palestine be damned. These are the places that are so often exploited  by corporate America.  [[Page S562]]    When I talk about the dignity of work, I understand that my job is to  fight for those workers and fight to make sure this never happens  again. I will work with anyone to do this.   I am thrilled that Senator Vance, my freshman colleague in his second  month in the Senate, a Republican--we don't agree on the big issues,  but we have listened to the same people and sure as heck agree that we  need to do this.   I will work to get these reforms passed that hold Norfolk Southern  accountable to make sure they pay for every cent of the cleanup.   As I said, Senator Vance and I come from different parties, but we  come together for the people in our State, as I did with Senator  Portman. Again, we have major differences on the big issues, but we are  working together for Ohio. We pressed Federal officials to take legal  action. We pressed for monitoring of potential long-term health  effects.   That is how you get things done. You listen to the people whom you  serve and you find common ground with the elected officials, who should  be your partners, regardless of party.   As I said, it is what we did with Senator Portman again and again. We  found agreement wherever we could and got things accomplished.   Right after Senator Portman left office--he was maybe out of office  for 2 days in January--he and I and Senator McConnell, who sits at this  chair and is the Republican leader, with Governor DeWine, a Republican,  and the Governor of Kentucky, a Democrat, and the President of the  United States stood at the Brent Spence Bridge, a project we have been  working on for 10 years. Three percent of GDP crosses over that bridge,  connecting Senator McConnell's State and Cincinnati in my State.   Senator Portman and I worked together to come up with the strongest  ``Buy American'' laws ever; to strengthen our trade enforcement laws to  protect Ohio workers and Ohio businesses, like Whirlpool; expanding  access for opioid addiction; the PACT Act, taking care of veterans  exposed to those football field-sized burn pits and, maybe 2, 3, 5, 10  years later, develop a cancer or bronchial illness. They need treatment  and they show up at the VA, and because of the PACT Act that Senator  Tester, my colleague and the principal writer, and I, who also helped  write--which is named after an Ohioan--the PACT Act will save lives.   I am hopeful that we continue that bipartisan Ohio tradition with  Senator Vance, starting with these commonsense reforms to prevent other  Ohio communities from facing another disaster.   As I told the residents of East Palestine, I am here for the long  haul. The last time I was there, I said to the mayor: I am going to  keep calling you on the phone. I am going to keep calling the fire  chief. I am going to keep calling Melissa Smith, who owns that candle  company. I am going to show up. I am not going away until this is  fixed, until people's lives are back to normal, and until Norfolk  Southern is held accountable. When people who don't live in Ohio pack  up in a week or two, we are still going to be there for months, for the  next year--for the next 10 years, if that is what it takes to make this  right.   I hope my colleagues of both parties will show that same commitment  that Senator Vance is saying and Senator Rubio and Senator Casey and  Senator Fetterman and Senator Hawley. Join us to get something real  done for the people whom we serve.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 619, which is at the desk.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it stand adjourned until 10 a.m.  on Thursday, March 2; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning  hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, and morning business be closed; that following the conclusion of  morning business, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume  consideration of the Lawless nomination postcloture; further that at  11:30 a.m., the Senate vote on confirmation of the Lawless nomination  and the motion to invoke cloture on the Gallagher nomination; that if  cloture is invoked, all postcloture time be considered expired and the  confirmation votes on the Simmons and Gallagher nominations be at a  time to be determined by the majority leader in consultation with the  Republican leader; further that the Senate recess following the cloture  vote on the Gallagher nomination until 1:45 p.m.; and that at 1:45  p.m., the Senate vote on confirmation of the Grey nomination; finally,  if any nominations are confirmed during Thursday's session, the motions  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's actions.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the previous  order following the remarks of Senators Lankford and Cruz.   