 Mr. President, as some of my colleagues may know, we  recently lost Kaya, a very special service dog that was a frequent  visitor to the Senate.   Kaya's life was devoted to helping veterans with PTSD, and she  quickly became an ambassador for veterans and service dogs everywhere.   A few years ago, I ran into Kaya and her owner, Cole. Actually, I was  walking down the street and at a street corner when we first met each  other. As a dog lover myself, I stopped to say hello. After I learned  about Cole's service history, I invited Cole and Kaya to a meeting in  my office. At that meeting, I learned something very important--that  the Department of Veterans Affairs does not cover the cost of service  animals for veterans with post-traumatic stress, which can cost upwards  of tens of thousands of dollars.   From the moment I met Kaya, I knew she was special. She was not just  a service dog; she was the model of a service dog. She had a gentle  nature, kind eyes, and a wagging tail. But I could say that about my  two dogs, Mitch and Theo. I could even say that I am proud of the  obedience training I have given them. But Kaya is different. She knew  all the commands my dogs know, but she also knew how to be there for  Cole without even a single command. And like so many other veterans-- service dogs are not just taught to sit and stay and fetch; they are  taught to actually see what the veteran is experiencing. They know when  to go by that veteran's side just to give them a source of calmness.  They actually know how to wake up a veteran who may be in the middle of  a nightmare. They know when a veteran or a servicemember who is  disabled needs something--they can point to it, and they will retrieve  it. These are extraordinary dogs, so you can understand why it may be  expensive to get them up to that level.   So few dogs are like Kaya. She was a special one.   Cole and I, when we met, discussed approaches we could use to try to  get funding for service dogs in the VA. It is one of the reasons why it  culminated in what we call the PAWS for Veterans Therapy Act. I later  introduced that bill in the Senate. The legislation established a pilot  program to provide canine training to eligible veterans diagnosed with  PTSD.   In addition to Kaya's unwavering devotion that brought comfort and  support--and dogs like her--to countless veterans, she also educated  Congress and this country about the role dogs can play in helping  veterans who are struggling with the invisible wounds of war.   Because of Kaya's effort--and I guess a little bit from Cole--we were  able to pass the PAWS for Veterans Therapy Act, and it was signed into  law in 2021. Now, thanks to Kaya, Cole, and organizations like K9s for  Warriors, veterans across the country are beginning to benefit from  service dog programs that have a track record of reducing symptoms  associated with PTSD.   But I also have to say we have a lot of work to do. The PAWS Act was  only the beginning of several steps we need to take to make these  incredible animals available to more veterans because for every one who  is being served today, there are dozens who are not. The nearly 17  veteran suicides this country experiences each and every day makes  clear that the PAWS Act is only the beginning, it is not the end, and  this is a step on a very long journey.   We must work to ensure the Department of Veterans Affairs is  implementing the PAWS Act as we intended by partnering with service dog  organizations to connect as many veterans as possible with canine  training to improve well-being and help veterans thrive. I have made it  a top priority to do everything possible to combat veteran suicide.   This legislation is another tool in the toolbox for our men and women  who have served.   The passing of Kaya is a true loss. She was sick, and Cole had to  make the appropriate but heartbreaking decision to release her from her  misery.   Cole, thank you for sharing Kaya with us.   Kaya, thank you for bringing comfort, hope, and healing.   