 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I would like to start by thanking the  Presiding Officer for being here at this late hour and for the staff  who are here, the pages who are here, the others who are here late at  night before the holidays. Thank you for being here and for your  service. And I think we are coming to a point--maybe not tonight but in  the next 24 hours--when we are going to conclude our business here for  the moment or at least temporarily conclude our business.   I wanted to come to the floor because one of the things that I feel  very strongly about that we have not yet done is to pass the Ukraine  funding, which I think is essential for Ukraine, essential for our own  national security, and essential for Western democracy.   I really believe that. I think it is of that importance, and I  believe we should have gotten to a bipartisan agreement on this long  ago. I think that we should have gotten it through the House of  Representatives long ago. But I am not in charge of the Senate; I am  not in charge of the House of Representatives. I am just one person in  this body--like the Presiding Officer is--and sometimes democracy moves  more slowly than one would like, certainly than I would like.   I feel more optimistic today than I did last week about the prospects  of our getting to the point where we have that bipartisan vote and  where we can send a piece of legislation over to the House to fund  this. The House is not going to start it, we know that, because of the  politics over there.   This body is the body that needs to lead and has, I think, a moral  responsibility to lead. But for all those reasons, I wanted to come  here tonight and say that I was going to lift my hold on the FAA, which  is something that I have held up through the course of these  negotiations as a way of keeping us here, to be really honest with you.   I don't think we would have come back probably from our departure  last week if we didn't have the unfinished business of the FAA to do,  and while the FAA is unrelated to the Ukraine funding, it was a must- pass bill, and it is a must-pass bill. We need to pass that bill.   And it was something that could force us to come back here to  continue to have the debate, to continue to have the negotiations, to  listen to each other on this important issue and the other issues that  we have got to deal with this week, including the judges we are  confirming--hopefully, a judge from Colorado.   I have been out here before on the floor to explain why I care so  much about this. I was out here when we were passing what is called a  continuing resolution here in, I think it was September, which is a  temporary budget that is used to operate the Federal Government in the  absence of what we should do, which is have a real budget.   Sometimes we pass these things called continuing resolutions to kind  of keep the lights on in this place, which I sometimes call the land of  flickering lights because the standard of success at the end of the  year often is whether we have kept these lights flickering for another  year. That is not the standard that I wish for our Congress. It is not  a standard that I wish for our democracy or for our country.   That is sometimes the standard here, but every now and then, we  surprise ourselves. Every now and then, the people who have been in  this Chamber have taken on a responsibility for leadership. That has  really made a difference in the world. That has made a difference not  just to our country but to the entire world and especially to the free  world, to democracy.   I have been out here and talked--I won't do it at length tonight-- about my mom's own circumstances. She is--well, I won't say how old she  is today, but you can do the math. She was born in 1938 in Warsaw,  Poland--born a Polish Jew at the worst possible moment in human history  to be born a Jew on this planet and in the worst possible place a  person could ask to be born, in a city that was going to shortly  experience the horrific invasion of Nazi troops sent there by Adolf  Hitler to exterminate the Jews of Europe and many other people who  lived in Eastern Europe at that time.   Just in Ukraine and Poland at that time, there were 16 million people  who were killed. They were killed by Hitler and killed by Stalin. The  people in that region remember that experience like it was yesterday  because it was. In human events, it was yesterday.   My mom, as I said, is still alive. She can't believe she has lived  long enough to see another shooting war break out in Europe, as she put  it, but here we are. There is a reason why she can't believe it. I  mean, part of it is that the freedom she experienced and my  grandparents experienced and aunt, who is the only other person who  survived the war in this country, were unimaginable to them because of  what they had gone through in Warsaw.   They were separated during the war. My mother was told that her  parents had been killed, and she believed they had died. Then they were  reunited after the war, and they went to Stockholm, Sweden, for a year  after they spent about a year or two behind the Iron Curtain, because,  of course, the Soviet Union had come in and taken over Poland after the  war was over--had come in and taken over Warsaw after the war was over.   Warsaw had been completely destroyed. More than 99 percent of its  buildings were destroyed. Millions of people who lived in and around  Warsaw had been killed. There was literally nothing left. It was  rubble. It was rubble.   Like many human beings who have experienced ethnic cleansing and  ethnic battles like these, my mom and her parents probably never  imagined that there could be a world where disputes could be resolved  in some other way besides violence, besides political violence.   Yet, after they stayed there for a couple of years, they realized  they wanted something better than what they had, so they went to  Stockholm, Sweden, for a year. They lived there. They started their  small business again, which was an art dealership that they had in  Warsaw, a gallery. Then they moved to Mexico City, and then they were  fortunate enough to be allowed to come to the United States of America,  and they immigrated.   My mother was the only person in the family who could speak any  English. I think she was about 11 years old. Even today, she speaks  Swedish and Polish and Spanish and English, but then, she was the only  person in the family who could speak any English. She was the only  person in her  [[Page S6064]]  family who knew how to register herself in school, so she did. She  registered herself in the New York City public schools. She graduated  from Hunter College High School.   I have never met anybody in my State--I have met a lot of immigrants  all throughout Colorado and all throughout this country, and I tell  people sometimes that I still haven't met anybody who has a stronger  accent than my grandparents had. They didn't think they had an accent,  but they had an unbelievably strong Polish accent.   Their joy at being Americans was not because this country was  perfect, not because this country was exceptional in some sense that  confers the idea of perfection, but because it was a country that could  correct its imperfections without resorting to violence and that they,  as recent citizens to this country, as immigrants to this country, as  people with strong accents and their Jewish heritage, could contribute  to the United States of America when they arrived here, and they could  help address the imperfections we had.   All they wanted to do was fit into the country. I think they made a  real contribution to this country. The country is stronger because they  were here, and they benefited a lot.   That was an era where there is no dispute about American leadership  after considerable American failure, because there was a period of time  when these Halls of Congress ignored the plight of the Jews in Europe  and ignored that the Holocaust was going on. They knew it. They knew  about the death camps, and there was nothing they did about it until  the Japanese attacked the United States at Pearl Harbor, and then we  entered the war. We never looked back, and the world never looked back.  We became the arsenal of democracy. We supplied England and Europe with  the--or Europe, England, and the allies with the materiel they needed  to fight the war.   Our economy was growing substantially after the Great Depression. As  the arsenal dropped, we built those weapons here. We manufactured those  weapons here. We sent them over to the UK in particular for them to  deploy on the battlefields of Europe, and we won that war. The United  States literally saved my grandparents' lives and my mother's life.    Then, after the war, the question was, What will be done with the  rubble of Europe? What will be done with the communities and cities and  towns and rural areas that literally were smashed into smithereens by  Hitler's tanks?   We are now, in some ways, living in--not in some ways but actually  living in the tyranny of the Soviet Union behind the Iron Curtain,  without the freedoms that people had in Western Europe.   There is too much to talk about tonight, and I won't do it, but we  engaged in a process of trying to win the peace after we had won the  war. That was what the Marshall Plan was all about--the reconstruction  of Europe, the reconstruction of Japan, decisions that were made on  this floor by human beings in many ways just like us who had the vision  to make some hard decisions, the consequences of which would last for  generations. They had exactly the same concerns we have here today, I  think, probably. They weren't able to predict the future, but they knew  what it meant to be on the right side of history, and they were on the  right side of history.   The Marshall Plan began what was an era of institution building. They  created the multilateral organizations that we still have, the rule of  law, international law, the law of nations, the notion that any  country's sovereignty shouldn't be attacked by another country.   All of that came out of that era when my mom was a little girl, and  it lasted for a long time in Europe. It lasted until 2 years ago when  Vladimir Putin decided to invade Ukraine. You could argue that it  lasted until he had a trial run when he invaded Crimea a decade before.  Until that time, every country in Europe and around Europe had  respected the international arrangements that were created in the wake  of the rubble of World War II because people knew how horrible the  outcomes were in World War II. They knew how many lives had been lost.  They knew the destruction of humanity, the destruction of churches and  synagogues and people's faiths, entire religions and languages.   People still had the memory of World War I, too, and that was the  point of those institutions, that was the point of the commitment to  the rule of law, and that was the point of establishing democracy in  the international organizations I am talking about but also in all  these countries as well that were on this side of the Iron Curtain.   Over time, over those decades, our economies grew stronger, the  democracies grew stronger. Ultimately, the Berlin Wall fell. There were  people in the 1990s who were writing that this was the end of history,  that liberal democracy had triumphed over any other form of human  organization, that capitalism had triumphed over any other form of  economic organization.   We have learned a lot since then. We have learned a lot since we were  attacked on 9/11 and a response that led us to two wars that lasted for  20 years in the Middle East and then Vladimir Putin's invasion of  Ukraine, of a free country on the border of Russia.   The Presiding Officer is on the Intelligence Committee now. It is an  excellent place to serve together.   Before you got on there, it was really interesting to be there--not  because you weren't there. It has gotten better because you have been  there. But it was fascinating to be there in the lead-up to this war  because we had the opportunity to see Putin make one mistake after  another because of who he is, obviously, but also because of the  totalitarian nature of his society.   You know, when you live in a totalitarian society and you are the  person at the top, nobody is going to tell you that what you are doing  is crazy if they want to live very long. Nobody is going to tell you  that what you are trying to do is wrong.   I think one of the huge mistakes he made was imagining that all the  money he had spent on his army, trying to strengthen his army, had been  spent well when much of it was lost to corruption. Much of it created  actually a weak army instead of a strong army. How do we know that  today? We know that today because the Ukrainian people have basically  smashed Putin's army.   Let me tell you something. He didn't know that was going to happen.  He did not know that was going to happen 2 years ago. Two years ago, he  had no idea that the Ukrainian people would fight to the death. He  didn't know that.   We did. Our intelligence agencies sometimes make mistakes in their  analysis of intelligence or in the intelligence they collect but not on  this subject because they know the history of Ukraine; they know the  history of the Ukrainian people; they know what they went through in  World War II.   They know what they went through in World War I. They know what they  have been through in the last eon in that part of the world, and what  they said was: They will never give up. They will never give up.   Putin didn't know that. It turns out the intelligence community was  right about that.   They said: Well, we hope that free societies around the world will  rally to the cause. And I don't think that is really an intelligence  assessment, the assessment of our democracies. There has been a lot of  worry--I have had a lot of worry; I have talked about it on this floor  a lot--about the state of democracy both here and abroad. We are living  in a time where there are all kinds of forces that are tearing at  democracy at here and abroad. And there are politicians here and abroad  who are claiming that democracy is not important or that democracy  can't deliver for the American people or anybody else.   That is not uncommon in human history. The reason I think it is  happening here--there are a bunch of reasons, but a main reason is kind  of the age-old reason, which is when people start to lose a sense of  opportunity for themselves and their family. When they are working  really hard and they can't get ahead; when they feel like they can't  afford to work because childcare is so expensive, healthcare is so  expensive. Higher education is going to mean a lifetime sentence in  your parents' basement because of the amount of loans you are going to  take out. Those kinds of things tear at people. When that kind of  opportunity seems lost or obscure, that is when people show up all  throughout human history, and they say: I alone can fix  [[Page S6065]]  it. You don't need a democracy; you don't need the rule of law. You  should expect your public sector and your private sector to be  hopelessly corrupt, hopelessly bankrupt. That is a dark vision. It is  not an unusual vision in those circumstances.   But just at the moment when we worry--we fear for our democracy--what  we saw as a result of the courage and the bravery of the Ukrainian  people, the skill of the Ukrainian soldiers and military, a country  that--I still don't understand it--a country that was able to basically  disable Putin's navy without any navy of their own and open up the  shipping lanes in the Black Sea so people all over the world could  benefit from grain that was otherwise not going to be exported--people  all over the world in free countries saw this courage and said: We need  to show up for the Ukrainian people. We need to do more for the  Ukrainian people because they are in a fight that is our fight, and  they are carrying off this fight in a way that they should be proud of  and we should be proud of, that inspires us.   And people all over the world, citizens living in democracies all  over the world, called up their elected officials and said: Do more, do  more, do more. And the United States found itself, once again, in a  position that no other country in the world can occupy, which is the  leader of the free world, the leader of every democracy around the  world. And we put together a coalition of countries, largely led by  NATO, that has supported the Ukrainian people through this fight for  the last 2 years.   It has been amazing to see it. I think it has given us confidence in  our own democracy. I think it has given the Europeans confidence in  their democracy and the democracies in Southeast Asia as well and in  Australia, New Zealand, and places all over the world that have  supported this fight and have been reminded how much more excellent it  is to live in a free society; to live in a place that is committed to  the rule of law, that is committed to fair dealing and not to  corruption.   That is not a place like where my poor mother and grandparents lived,  where might made right; where there was no rule of law; where whether  you survived or whether you didn't survive, whether you survived or  whether you perished, was a matter of luck, not something you could  ever predict.   That has been a noble fight. It is not a fight any of us would have  wanted, but Putin is a lot weaker today than he was 2 years ago. The  Russian Army is a lot weaker today than it was 2 years ago. They are  not a pushover. They have dangerous nuclear and chemical weapons that  we have to worry about. But they are in worse shape today than they  were 2 years ago.   The Ukrainian people have succeeded beyond anyone's wildest dreams. I  mentioned the intelligence agency reports. You know, one thing they got  totally wrong was they thought Kyiv would be invaded in 72 hours, that  the political leadership would be killed or overcome. And President  Zelenskyy is still there fighting to this day.   I remember, Mr. President, when we had our first Zoom call with  President Zelenskyy. It was sort of funny. It was back in--I think  COVID was still going on, maybe. And I can remember there was a guy  sitting in for him, just like on any regular Zoom call you would have,  only he was sitting in for the President of Ukraine. And the President  of Ukraine had some pretty serious business that he had to conduct;  and, finally, when the meeting was ready to be started, all of a  sudden, there he was. There he was. And he said to us on that day--the  first day I ever heard him talk personally--again, it was on Zoom. He  said: We are fighting to live our lives the way you live your lives.  That is how he put it, and it was very simple. That is what we are  fighting for. And he hasn't changed that tune for the last 2 years.  That has been his focus.    He told us the other day that if we fail to continue to fund the  Ukrainian people, that they will lose. He said that if we fund the  Ukrainian people and their military, they can win. They can win.   I think they can win.   He said that if we don't fund them, they will lose. But he said: But  we will never stop fighting. We will never stop fighting because the  Ukrainian people love freedom. And that is the difference between us  and Vladimir Putin. And that is the difference between us and the  Russian army.   I would say, how dare anybody bet against the Ukrainian army or the  Ukrainian people after what they have done? They have taken back half  the territory that Putin stole from them. Nobody would have said they  could do that. They have done that.   I mentioned what they had done to his navy in the Black Sea--without  even a navy. They have won battle after battle after battle that nobody  thought they would have won. And now they are in a difficult winter on  the frontlines. And it is sort of a stasis, which is not surprising. I  have heard people out here say that that is somehow a failure for the  Ukrainian armed forces and the Ukrainian people. And it is hard for me  to see how that is anything but a success--an extraordinary success.   We don't know what is going to happen after this winter when the next  fighting season comes, but I would never bet against the Ukrainian  people's ingenuity or their military's toughness or their society's  resolve. I would never bet against freedom. I would never bet against  democracy. That is the bet we have here. That is the choice that we  have to make.   It is a choice where our folks are not involved in the fighting. Our  folks are not giving their lives in this fight, in this battle for  democracy. But we are giving our treasure. We are giving our  intelligence in this fight because this fight is as important for us as  it is for Ukraine. I don't mean that rhetorically; I mean that  literally.   When I hear the isolationist people in this Chamber talking about  their desire not to continue funding Ukraine, I want to say to them-- and, in fact, I do say to them--even if I accepted your premise, which  I don't, but let's say I accept your isolationist premise that this is  a moment in human history when we shouldn't support the Ukrainians  because we have things that we have to do at home instead of things  that we have to do in Ukraine, do you think that Putin will stop just  because we decide to stop? Do you think Putin will just give up because  we have given up? Do you think that the war will just come to an end,  or do you think that Putin will roll back through the territory that  the Ukrainians have seized from his army?   Do you think that Putin will block the grain shipments in the Black  Sea that are so important to feeding people around the world and  stopping famine around the world?   Do you think that he will threaten Eastern Europe? Do you think that  he will never give up?   If you believe that--and the odds are not even 50-50 that that stuff  is true; it is 100 percent what is going to happen. If you believe that  and you are an isolationist, you should be for continuing this funding  because we want to keep our people out of this fight and because it has  given us the opportunity to rebuild our military and our defense. And  that is not a small thing because 90 percent of the money that we have  sent to Ukraine has been spent here rearming the United States,  restarting factories and supply lines that we are going to need to  project strength throughout the world. That is not a bad thing; that is  a good thing. That is what Ronald Reagan meant when he said, ``Peace  through strength.''   That is what he meant when he went up and said, ``Mr. Gorbachev, tear  down this wall,'' because you can't bottle up the human spirit and  because your economy is getting crushed because you can't outcompete  the United States in terms of our expenditures. We are in exactly the  same position today.   I really believe this: that the Ukrainian people can win on this  battlefield. And that is not just from casually reading the newspaper;  that is from being a member of the Intelligence Committee; that is  seeing the intelligence that you are seeing. I don't know if they will  win. I believe they can win. I think they have a chance to win. I think  Putin thinks he could lose on that battlefield. On that battlefield, he  thinks he could lose. And the battlefield he is counting on winning on  is the battlefield of Capitol Hill, the battlefield of Western  democracy.   You don't have to take my word for it. He says it almost every day.  He says: They are going to lose patience. He says: Their attention span  is too short.  [[Page S6066]]    It doesn't help that there are some American politicians, including a  former President, who seem to be rooting for his success, who seem to  be rooting against the Ukrainian people, who seem to be rooting against  democracy. That certainly doesn't help, but even if you don't accept  that, there is a reason that he believes that--because it is hard to  sustain these efforts in a democracy. He doesn't have the inconvenience  of a democracy. He has a totalitarian society that will do what he says  it is going to do. We have a democracy where people stand for election,  where sometimes people might say 2 years is enough or a stalemate on  the frontlines isn't good enough or we have too much to do here to  spend just a little bit more money to reequip our defense capabilities  as well as to support Ukraine.    He is counting on that. He is counting on winning on this  battlefield. He is counting on the fact that there have been some  elections in Europe where there have been people who have been elected  who have the same sort of isolationist temperament that some people  have here. We can't let that happen. We cannot let that happen.   The Presiding Officer was there when I first addressed our caucus on  this question. For me, this is personal. I didn't go through it.  Obviously, I didn't go through what my mother went through. But nobody  can escape history, and I think no one can escape history. It is really  important for us to learn history, and it is really important for us to  understand the stakes at this moment and what it looks like to be  invisible to this Chamber; to be fighting on that freezing frontline  and not knowing whether we are going to come through with the  ammunition; to be suffering through another cold snap when your heat  has been blown up by the Russians and not knowing whether the  humanitarian aid is going to come; to be a politician in some Western  European capital and wondering whether the United States is going to  continue to provide the exquisite and capable leadership that has been  provided by this Nation, in a bipartisan way, over the last 2 years.  Those are the things that are at stake as we are meeting here tonight.   In the course of human events, it is really easy to lose patience; it  is really easy to have a short attention span, certainly a shorter  attention span than a dictator who is acting out the imperialist  impulses of Peter the Great, which Putin is, or who is going to be  there, whether we leave or whether we don't leave, on the border of  Ukraine for the rest of his life, one way or another, and he thinks for  the rest of Russia's existence because that is how he thinks.   So I am not here to say that we are going to end the Russian ambition  for Ukraine, but I am here to say we have a chance to win this battle  for democracy for us and for Ukraine, and we should. If somebody had  set out 2 years ago or 5 years ago or 10 years ago to say, ``Let's have  a plan to spend 5 percent of the DOD's budget, restart our defense  capabilities in the United States of America, expose the weakness of  Putin's Army, make Xi Jinping have to think once or twice or three  times or four times about the advisability of invading Taiwan because  of the chance that free countries around the world would all come  together in support of a country that had been invaded'' or if we had  said ``Please give us a strategy for the amount of money that we have  spent and for the $90 billion that is in this request,'' there is no  way we would have been as successful as the Ukrainians have been.   So this is an easy choice, I think, for us to make, and it is a very  important choice for us to make. We cannot allow Putin to win on our  dysfunctional battlefield.   I am going to finish just by observing that there are colleagues here  who have said that they don't want to support this effort unless we  deal with the situation at the border and unless we deal with  immigration as part of this.   By the way, I would mention that one of those people is not the  leader of the Republican caucus, Mitch McConnell. I don't think there  is anyone in America who believes more fiercely in the duty that the  American people have and this Congress, as the representative of the  American people, to fund Ukraine than Senator McConnell. I want to say  that. I want to thank him for his steadfastness because it has made a  difference so far, and I think it will make a difference if we can get  this over the finish line.   But there are some colleagues on the other side who have said they  are unwilling to give their votes here unless we address the border. I  would not have attached immigration to this debate. This debate is hard  enough without introducing another issue that we have had so much  difficulty grappling with. But I think what we have discovered in the  course of this discussion is something that the Presiding Officer has  made clear as a Senator from a border State; that the American people  do not want our border policy dictated by transnational gangs. The  American people do not want decisions made by smuggling enterprises  that are violating people's human rights, that are dragging people all  over the globe to come to the southern border of the United States. The  American people want to make the decisions for our border and for our  immigration policy.   The President has said that our border is broken. The Secretary of  Homeland Security has said that our border is broken. I spent 2 days in  the Tucson sector on the border, and it needs a lot of work, and it  probably needs changes of policy and money. There is a reason President  Biden put $14 billion in the supplemental for the border. That is more  money than is in the supplemental for Israel.   So I would not have attached this to the Ukraine deal, but I  understand the motivations of people who have attached it, and I  believe that we can carry out a negotiation on this topic that helps to  improve our border and improve our immigration system on behalf of the  American people.   We have a lot more that we need to do on immigration than we are  going to be able to do in this negotiation and as part of the Gang of  8, who passed the last comprehensive immigration bill that passed the  U.S. Senate; that got 68 votes; that had a pathway to citizenship for  the 11 million people who were undocumented in this country; that had  the most progressive DREAM Act that anybody had ever written, much less  passed, in the Senate; that had all of the visa issues that are so  important to our universities, to our businesses, to our farmers and  ranchers, to our farmworkers, to our ski resorts--all of them. There  was $40 billion of border security in that bill that would have allowed  us to see every inch of the border.   We are a long way from getting to those policies issues, but I hope  that this debate and discussion will lead to more bipartisan  cooperation in the coming years--months and years--to remind us of  something that I think we have forgotten for the moment, which is that  immigration is an incredible strength of the United States of America.   We have many headwinds in this country--the lack of quality of our  education system, especially for kids living in poverty; our healthcare  system, which costs twice as much as any industrialized country's in  the world. We have to fix those. We have our massive income inequality,  and we have to fix that. All of those things would strengthen our  democracy.   And we have to fix our immigration system. Immigration has been  responsible for literally a third of our economic growth throughout our  entire history. Immigration is how we get new talent and new ideas.  Immigration is how my mom and her parents came to this country.  Immigration is a dynamic force for good that countries like China don't  have the benefit of. There is nobody crossing the Gobi Desert to get to  Beijing, and there is a reason for that. There is a reason for that. It  is because they want the same thing that President Zelenskyy wants. It  is because they want the same thing that the Ukrainian people want:  free speech, freedom of religion, freedom of the press, the opportunity  to lend their talents to improving the society in which they live--no  matter where they come from, no matter what language they speak, no  matter what religion they have--for the benefit of their children and  to know that their children are protected from political violence.   We have a democratic way of resolving our differences and resolving  our disputes. We live in a moment when there is a sort of a monopoly on  wisdom and cable television stations at night that are telling you  there is only  [[Page S6067]]  one way to think about any issue like immigration or like Ukraine, when  that is not actually the way this is supposed to work.   The Founders of this country did not create this country thinking we  would agree with each other. It was the opposite. They knew what a  society was in which everybody agreed with each other. That was a  society where there was a tyrant in charge to tell you what to think  and to tell you what to believe, like Putin's Russia, like Xi's China,  like Iran, like North Korea. They knew exactly what those places were  like. They knew that humans had lots of differences, experiences, and  attitudes, but they knew that, in a society that was run by a tyrant,  you weren't free to express those.   Here, they thought the genius of what they were setting up would be a  result of the disagreements we have, not of the agreements we have.  They thought, out of those disagreements, like on this Senate floor, we  would create more imaginative and more durable results than any King or  tyrant could come up with on their own. That was the idea.   I would say to the pages who are here: This may sound like some big  philosophical thing, but I will bet the same thing is true for you. The  worst decisions I make are the decisions I make at home, alone in my  basement, not consulting with someone else's point of view, not  consulting with someone else's experience or perspective. That is why  there are 100 Members of the Senate--2 from every State. It is so that  we can have that disagreement and we can have that discussion, and that  is why people want to come to this country. It is because they know how  rare that is in human societies, and that is why Ukraine is leading  this fight on behalf of the rest of us and why they will never give up.   I will say again that President Zelenskyy was clear when he came  here. He said: With your help, we can win. Without your help, we will  lose. But even if you don't help us, we are not going to give up  because the Ukrainian people love freedom and we are going to continue  to fight for freedom.   Mr. President, I mentioned at the beginning of this speech that I was  lifting my hold on the FAA because I felt like, even though I am deeply  disappointed that we haven't passed this Ukraine funding and we haven't  come yet to an agreement, I think we have made progress in the  negotiations.   I had the chance to consult with both the majority leader and the  Republican leader. I know they have put out a joint statement tonight  saying that we had made progress and saying that they were committed to  having the Senate move quickly and, I hope, decisively in January on  this issue. I think that is the best we are going to get out of this  tonight.   I hope it gives us a chance over the next few weeks for all of us to  consider the example of people who have come before us and who have  served in this Chamber, who themselves had no monopoly on wisdom-- people who were fallible but who took a risk on the future and  understood that nobody else can play the role the United States of  America can play. That was true on the way into World War II. That was  true on the way out of World War II. And it is just as true today.   I have found it amazing when we have been in the company of President  Zelenskyy because you feel like you are in the company of the Ukrainian  people, and you feel like you are in the company of the Ukrainian  soldiers, for the reasons that I said earlier about why he is in this  fight. But it is an amazing thing about human events that, 3 years ago,  he was a television star of some kind or other, and, today, he is the  President of a country that has been attacked by a tyrant, invaded by a  tyrant.   He is not a tall guy. He is not a strong guy. And the literal weight  of the world is on his shoulders. And the literal weight of the world  is on the Ukrainian people's shoulders, and it is on their military's  shoulders.   We can help lift that burden from them. We can't take that burden  away from them, nor should we. They are the ones who are fighting on  the frontlines, and they will be. But we should help lift that burden  from them because their burden is our burden and because nobody else on  this planet is situated in the same way as the United States, has the  same moral responsibility that we have, and has the capability to lend  the kind of support we can lend. Because the Ukrainian people have  showed up and done their job, it is time for us to show up and do our  job.   In January, let's tell Vladimir Putin that he lost--he lost--the  battle on this battlefield, and that he is going to lose the battle in  Ukraine as well.   I just want to thank the floor staff tonight for enduring this and  the pages for enduring this. I want to thank you for all of your work  during this entire year.   I wish everybody a happy holiday.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   