 Mr. President, ``Let us all strive to make selfless  service great again.'' Lt. Col. Kent Lundy opened this Chamber in  prayer today.   When the Constitutional Convention reached an impasse in the summer  of 1787, the oldest delegate offered a suggestion to the assembled.  Rather than searching in the dark for truth, Benjamin Franklin reasoned  they should instead begin each day's work with an appeal through prayer  to the ``Father of Lights'' to illuminate their path. Without his  assistance, Franklin argued, ``[w]e shall be divided by our little  partial local interests; our projects will be confounded, and we  ourselves shall become a reproach and a byword down to the future  age.''   With that divine assistance, none of these ever came to pass,  blessedly; that we stand in this institution that they built, guided by  the Constitution that they wrote, is surely proof of it and proof of  his blessings. We still need them. We need those blessings over our  work here, over our Nation.  [[Page S4690]]    I am honored that, today, that appeal was made by one of Indiana's  own. An airman pastor, Lt. Col. Kent Lundy has long served his Nation  and the communities he has called home. He wears the uniform of the Air  Force as a member of the Indiana National Guard. He is an ordained  elder in the United Methodist Church. Chaplain Lundy has been a member  of the Indiana Air National Guard for 16 years, 12 of which were with  the 122nd Fighter Wing in Fort Wayne as a chaplain.   He has been deployed overseas twice, and for the last 4 years he has  been on Active Duty with the 181st Intelligence Wing in Terre Haute,  IN.   As wing chaplain, he supports the physical, social, mental, and  spiritual needs--the four pillars of airman fitness--of his fellow  guardsmen as they do their work, as they seek to make America great  again through service from the ground up, as they provide our military  critical assistance for missions and rescue efforts during natural  disasters.   A testament to the passion he brings to his work, Chaplain Lundy has  said being an Air Force chaplain is ``the greatest job in the Air  Force.'' And when you meet him, you get a sense of his enthusiasm for  his work, for his service. You come to understand that.   But his work goes beyond that. He is an advocate for Hoosier  veterans, and he has worked to destigmatize and increase access to  mental health care for those who have served.   Chaplain Lundy originally joined the Air Force in 2006. His calling  goes back much further than that, though. He first heard it during a  visit to the Holy Land as a seventh grader shortly after joining the  church. Over the years, it has led him to pastor churches in Fort Wayne  and other parts of northeast Indiana.   His wife, Rev. Dr. Marti Gates Lundy, who is with us today as well,  is also a United Methodist pastor.   Chaplain Lundy has devoted his life to God and to meeting the  spiritual needs of his fellow Hoosiers and the men and women who serve  our country.   I don't know if he found the U.S. Senate as big of a thrill as he has  the Indianapolis Motor Speedway--we are not going to ask him that  question; he has offered prayers there, too--but we are privileged to  have had Chaplain Lundy deliver today's invocation.   After all, to borrow Franklin's words, we still need the assistance  of Heaven and its blessings on our deliberations.   Thank you, Chaplain Lundy, for making those appeals on our behalf.   