 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I  vigorously oppose Putin's illegal and unjust invasion of Ukraine, and I  have supported American aid to help Ukraine defend itself. Putin's war  of aggression cannot stand. And I am perfectly willing to push back on  Russia, but we have to do it the right way.   I sincerely respect the Senator from Alaska's concerns about Russian  seafood imports. I believe it is unfair and improper that Russia has  banned American seafood imports since 2014. And I appreciate the  Senator's willingness to work with me on his proposal last year that  would have created an immediate disruption to the seafood supply chain  and to instead provide more time for our processors who purchase more  than 80 percent of their seafood from Alaska to be able to meet demand  with supplies from other markets. However, the bill Senator Sullivan is  trying to pass through live by unanimous consent today--which has not  yet been considered in the Senate Finance Committee to which it was  referred--has raised other questions from seafood processors and from  my colleagues in New England in terms of workability.   The Senator was able to work with my staff to resolve the issues in  his proposal last year, and I thank him for that. But this new proposal  has new provisions that will need some time for us to work out.   We actually succeeded last year, but now we need the time to do the  same thing, and we have to make sure that it has workability for New  England.   The bill would block the import of Russian seafood that has been  substantially transformed in another country. It is unclear if U.S.  Customs and Border Protection has the full capacity to determine and  enforce where seafood comes from before it has been substantially  transformed, since this new proposal would go against how seafood  origin has been considered under longstanding U.S. law and defined  through the U.S. Treasury Department.   So, as a result, while Customs and Border Protection attempts this  difficult enforcement task, processors could see major disruption.  Workers could lose their jobs. Consumer goods costs for Americans could  rise significantly.   With that in mind, and with a sincere message that I want to send to  the Senator from Alaska with regard to not only mine but our entire New  England delegation's willingness to work with him, I object to the  passage of this bill at this time, and I ask the Senator to continue to  have a willingness to work with us so that we can resolve the new  issues that are raised in this proposal.   So at this time, I object.    Mr. President, again, the Senator from Alaska and I are  friends. His father is a Sullivan. My mother is a Sullivan. Sullivans  are very intelligent people, by the way.   So, last year, Senator Sullivan brought a bill out onto the floor. We  had concerns coming from the Massachusetts fishing community--New  Bedford, Gloucester, famous fishing ports, still today competing with  Alaska for the title in the United States for the largest in the  country. And there were some concerns. So I objected. We called a time- out on the field, and we worked out all of those issues. That was round  1.   Now, yesterday, the Senator from Alaska has a new bill with new  provisions in it. In addition to the provisions from last year that we  worked out, there are all new provisions. And it is not a rope-a-dope-- though, obviously, anything that uses a Muhammad Ali-created concept is  a great honor to have attached to us, but we don't see this as rope-a- dope. This is more just round 2. We finished round 1. Now we are on  round 2.   A whole new bill, new language, and, again, the same thing. We are  willing to work with you, but we can't solve it in 24 hours. My staff  and yours, sitting down with other members of the New England  delegation, we can get together and find a commonsense pathway through  it. But, right now, Gorton's of Gloucester is very concerned about this  bill. One firm has 450 workers, another has 350 workers, and we have  dozens of other companies up in Massachusetts with employees that are  potentially jeopardized by this bill.   So I am objecting. But I am objecting and inviting the Senator from  Alaska to, again, engage once again in a good-faith negotiation, and we  are willing to do so. Then, at the completion of that, we can again  agree and move forward.   But I am objecting mainly because of this cascade of concerns that  are coming from the food processing industry, the seafood processing  industry, in Massachusetts, all across New England, led by Gorton's of  Gloucester but many, many others who don't have the same kind of  national and international reputation but who feel greatly jeopardized  by the language in this bill. And that is the reason that I am  objecting while simultaneously saying: It is not a rope-a-dope. Let's  sit down. Let's try to work out the differences.    Mr. President, to my friend, again, from Alaska, we are  not engaging in a rope-a-dope at all. At the same time, we don't want  to be a punching bag. We don't want the Massachusetts fishing industry,  through this processing industry, to get sucker-punched with a bill on  only 24 hours' notice.   We are more than willing, again, to work with you in order to resolve  these issues, and my friend knows that over the years, that is what we  have done on issue after issue.   I yield the floor.   