 Madam Chair, everyone in this body knows someone who  has been affected by the drug overdose epidemic.   According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in 2022,  there were more than 107,000 overdose deaths in the U.S. Sixty-seven  percent of those deaths involved synthetic opioids like fentanyl.   Right now, fentanyl analogues are considered schedule I substances,  but only because of a series of scheduling orders that expire on  December 31, 2024. Since we put that temporary order into place, we  have seen a reduction in the trafficking of fentanyl analogues into our  country.   According to a 2021 GAO report, fentanyl analogues coming into the  U.S. dropped by 90 percent in the year that we did the temporary  scheduling. This bill aims to curb overdose deaths by permanently  scheduling fentanyl analogues as schedule I substances. This will  strengthen law enforcement's ability to prosecute fentanyl traffickers  and act as a deterrent.   The HALT Fentanyl Act also promotes research--this is something new-- by removing barriers to the research.   In the Energy and Commerce Committee, we heard that there are as many  as 4,800 potential analogues. Our experts at NIH, FDA, and other  agencies have studied roughly 30 of the 4,800. By encouraging research  of schedule I substances like fentanyl analogues, we can better  understand how these substances work and how we may prevent potential  harmful impacts in the future.   Because fentanyl itself has a proven medical use, it is considered a  schedule II narcotic, but illicit derivatives of fentanyl, also called  fentanyl analogues, currently have not demonstrated medical value.   Let me be clear. This bill will have no impact whatsoever on a  physician's ability to administer fentanyl in proper medical scenarios.  The HALT Fentanyl Act deals specifically with fentanyl analogues, not  fentanyl itself.    The DEA has said that permanently scheduling fentanyl analogues is  their top legislative priority. We must not allow this temporary  extension to expire.   On Monday, the Biden administration released a positive statement  regarding the bill. In the statement, they supported the provisions I  just described: permanent scheduling and streamlined research.   The Biden administration did recommend a few other items they would  like to see related to fentanyl analogues. I am open and willing to  have those discussions, but that is not this bill.   Madam Chair, we should vote to advance this bill that we agree on and  that does help stop the bad guys, particularly those bringing these  substances over the border.   Once fentanyl analogues are permanently made schedule I, Congress  will continue to build off this work and continue to address the  illicit fentanyl crisis.   These large numbers that we have seen on fentanyl deaths and fentanyl  analogues are because of these drugs coming across the border. They are  100 times more potent than morphine and 50 times more potent than  heroin. Why would we not take every step possible that we can to stop  it?   