 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, today, pursuant to the authority  from Congress, the Department of Transportation requires airlines to  report delayed or canceled flights. The rules also require a cause to  be listed for the cancellation and delay. Every cancellation or delay  must fall into a category of causes, one of which is air carrier.   In practice, many causes of cancellations and delays outside an air  carrier's control end up in this category. In effect, it has become a  catchall category. This is a problem because without good data  reflecting the causes of cancellations and delays, it is impossible to  identify the root causes. If you can't identify the real problems, you  can't, as a Member of Congress or a policymaker, craft a good policy  solution.   This amendment would require the Secretary to refine the reporting  directives to provide more detailed information about the cause of a  cancellation or delay, rather than simply dumping them all into a  catchall category.   It builds upon the committee's acknowledgment of this obvious problem  in section 716 of the bill and is simply a more robust effort to  address it.   Any event listed in this amendment such as weather damage,  unscheduled safety inspections, volcanic ash, or public health issues  would no longer be categorized as carrier-caused.   The mischaracterization of causes endemic to the current system is  fixable, and we should take this opportunity to fix it.   If adopted, this amendment will result in greater transparency to the  traveling public regarding the cause of a canceled or delayed flight.  Better data will allow the Secretary and airlines to develop strategies  to mitigate their true causes.   This amendment simply attempts to make sure the Department of  Transportation and the FAA are gathering more accurate descriptions of  the causes of a canceled or delayed flight, and in turn, will allow the  FAA and the airlines to better inform their decisions moving forward.   Just today, the FAA's effort to explain the cause of major day-to-day  issues in real time were reported in various news sources.   My amendment will support this goal by improving the data that goes  into the system for explaining the causes of delays and cancellations.   I share the FAA's goal of providing better data and more  transparency, and this amendment will help provide them with the data  they need to identify and to fix the problems that we have all been  experiencing through air travel.   Finally, I thank Representative Chavez-DeRemer of Oregon and  Representative Larson of Connecticut for their bipartisan support and  for joining me in offering this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, as I said earlier, this amendment,  which is bipartisan in nature, actually increases the scope of  transparency and ensures that the traveling public, that the  policymakers, and we as Members of Congress have a better knowledge and  understanding of what is happening and what is causing delays on a  real-time basis, and I urge its passage.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.   