 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, this is a fairly simple  amendment. It would just sabotage public education by transferring  money in the public school system to the private school system. It  would open up funds to children in public schools to those already in  private school. A lot of money would be diverted that way, and it  includes homeschooling.   Who is going to audit the money that the parents get for  homeschooling their children?   Furthermore, how are you going to figure out how much money each  child gets?   Title I is based on a formula that involves poverty. If it is a low- income child, will they get more money to go to a private school than a  higher-income person who the formula did not recognize as far as  getting money?   Those are just complications. Basically, it is a private school  voucher program where those already in private school can take public  money out of the public system and reduce the amount of money available  for public schools.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, this is a well-worn debate. I think people are familiar  with what happens when you take public school money and put it into  private schools. I thank the gentleman for making the amendment as  simple and straightforward as he has.   This would decimate rural districts where there are few school  options. People in rural districts would take money out of the rural  community and plop it into urban areas.   I would just like to know how much money a family could get if they  took two children out of public school and just kept them at home under  the guise of homeschooling? How much money could they get from the  public school system to do that?   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, as I said, we don't know how  much money a family could get. If they are financially strapped, how  much money would they get for pulling their children out of public  schools and using the money for the allowable uses, which includes  extracurricular activities?   That could be a vacation to Disneyland. I don't know what they could  use the money for, but they would significantly benefit financially by  taking their children out of school.   Rural districts will benefit, those already in private school will  benefit, and the ones that will be disadvantaged will be the school  systems that are struggling to provide an education for low-income  students today.   Mr. Chair, I hope we defeat the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  amendment    Mr. Chairman, this would eliminate all of the  targeted resources under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act  consolidated into one view. If you just take Title I, that money is  targeted toward low-income areas. There are targets to rural areas, to  migrants.   Generally speaking, the mainstream education can be well done with  the local and State funding. There are areas where there are troubles,  English as a Second Language, migrants, low income, where the Federal  Government comes in and targets money because, generally speaking,  within the political give-and-take, these are the ones that are left  out. Those who are generally left out and supported by ESEA are the  exact ones that would be disadvantaged under this.   When you fund education with the real estate tax, as we do in the  United States today, you almost guarantee inequity in education because  the more wealthy areas can do better.   ESEA, primarily under Title I, goes into areas that are low income,  have less resources, and they can get help from the Federal Government.  That would be decimated by this amendment. I would hope we would defeat  it.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Chairman, this would concentrate funding where there are a high  concentration of students, not where there is a high concentration of  poverty, as the present formula gives.   It would remove targeted money for teachers, and, incredibly, it  would remove targeted funding for family engagement. I thought that is  why we were here. This amendment would remove money targeted for family  engagement.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, the underlying bill has a lot of  ambiguity about things like what is an injury? What is violent  activity? Does there have to be an injury?   If there has to be an injury, then a shooting where the bullet misses  and there is no injury would not be covered. But somebody pushes  somebody and they slip and get a bloody nose, that would be an injury  and that would be violent activity. It is very poorly defined.   Second is, aware of a video recording. Does that include fellow  students' cell phones and other things? Does it include a monitoring of  the school system monitoring?   It doesn't say anything about numerous rights and laws, rights of  privacy, and what to do after you find out, what can you do about it.  That is a little unclear.   It doesn't say what rights you have to the video or anything like  that. I think it causes more questions than answers, and I hope we  would defeat the amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, this is another unfunded mandate  placed on school systems that they have to do as a condition to receive  Title I funds.   Then, look at what is involved if the class is eliminated because  there is no teacher for that class or no student interest. For example,  if no one signs up for a particular foreign language and the course is  dropped, we have to now notify all the parents as a condition of  getting Title I funds. If the only teacher who taught that language  decides to retire and that course is not taught, you have to notify  everyone as a condition of getting Title I funds.   This amendment does nothing to improve parent engagement. It just  adds another Federal law. Along with the bathroom bills that we have  heard, attacks on LGBTQ individuals, attacks on trans youth, now we  have another report that has to be made.   Mr. Chair, I hope we defeat the amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   We have heard a lot about people who can't speak at school board  meetings because they are being arrested. I reiterate, the only ones  being arrested at school board meetings are those the police believe  are committing crimes.   I would point out that this is another Federal law, along with the  bathroom bill that is in the bill that attacks LGBTQ and trans youth,  but there is nothing in this amendment to increase parental say over  which courses are being offered. Some courses are deleted, like  African-American studies and AP African-American studies in Florida.   There is no money for new courses. There is no money for school  construction in this legislation. There is no after-school program  funding. There is no money for teacher salaries. There is no money for  counselors or psychologists. It is just a list of things that most  parents can do anyway. There is no money for actual parental  involvement. Those amendments were defeated.   Mr. Chair, I hope that this additional requirement, as a condition of  receiving Title I funding, will not be adopted and that the entire bill  will be defeated.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   