 Mr. Chair, I rise today to support H.R. 1, the most  important bill and the priority for this Congress.   When I came to Congress, I made it my mission to spread the word  about the Permian Basin, the heartbeat of American energy and the  largest secure supply of oil and gas.   I am incredibly proud to represent the men and women of the Permian  Basin, who have revolutionized the way we produce energy in order to  provide us with an incredible national security and economic asset.   Unfortunately, President Biden has demonized the very people that I  represent. He has demonized the people of West Virginia and  Pennsylvania.   From his policies, like killing the Keystone XL pipeline and shutting  down drilling permitting, but however, begging foreign dictators to  produce more oil, his rhetoric, literally promising to end fossil  fuels, he has used every tool in the toolkit to build a bureaucracy  that is completely obsessed and opposed to killing American energy. His  policies have driven energy costs and inflation through the roof.   Today, I say to the American public: You are going to hear a lot of  misinformation about the Inflation Reduction Act, which did nothing to  curb inflation.   Energy policies by this administration have increased costs for  American families. Americans are being forced to pay 40 percent more on  gasoline since the President took office, 20 to 30 percent more on  their electricity bills. It is all in the name of a climate crusade,  which can't even come close to what the Permian Basin and other  producing areas in this country have done to reduce harmful emissions  and provide affordable and clean reliable energy.   In fact, I spoke to the president of IPAA yesterday. What we just  heard was that the Independent Producers of America support the  Democrats' policies. That couldn't be further from the truth. I asked  them that. They said no, industry was not consulted.   Over the past 10 years we have brought down methane emissions by  almost 15 percent. No government mandate could come close to that. We  are only beginning to tap into the incredible asset that is liquified  natural gas. Not only is it good for our environment, but it is good  for the economy.   We heard this when we took the Energy and Commerce Committee on the  road and we talked to Mayor Blong in Midland, Texas, and we heard this  from the producers. Today, we will likely continue to hear about Big  Oil. The Big Oil boogeyman that doesn't actually exist.   The truth is, and I would face the Democrats, my friends and  colleagues on the other side of the aisle, and tell you what the IPAA  told us, and what they continue to tell us: 90 percent of our energy is  produced by small, independent producers, companies that have 10, 20,  30 employees. Big Oil?   You are talking to the people of West Virginia when you say that.  When Democrats and this administration blame Big Oil, they are talking  about my district.   H.R. 1, the Lower Energy Costs Act is a complete rejection of the  Biden administration's anti-energy policies that have been aimed at  workers throughout this country for 2 years. We are fighting back. We  want to produce American-made oil. We want to boost American products  in order to reduce inflation.   I am extremely proud to have worked on this legislation that includes  my bill to reduce taxes on natural gas. This is just the beginning.  House Republicans are going to follow through on our commitment to the  American public and on our commitment to American families.    Mr. Chair, passing H.R. 1 is just the beginning. The  American public put their trust in Republicans under Speaker McCarthy  and Chair McMorris Rodgers to lower costs, and that is exactly what we  are going to do by boosting American production instead of siding with  Russia, Iran, and China.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to stand with America to pass H.R. 1.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment with  Congressman Crenshaw.   The only thing dangerous about this is not implementing this, not  moving at the speed of relevancy. That is what we are trying to  accomplish here. I agree with my colleague from Texas (Mr. Crenshaw)  that this should be bipartisan.   We should be allowing the States to do what they do to reduce those  emissions. This amendment is critical to ensure the States can deploy  carbon capture utilization and storage technologies.   As was mentioned, the Safe Drinking Water Act allows States to apply  for primacy enforcement responsibility of underground injection control  wells, including class 6 wells that are used for injection of  CO2 into the deep subsurface formations for long-term  storage.   Only two States, North Dakota and Wyoming, currently have received a  delegation of primary enforcement responsibility over class 6 wells.  States' historic experience with handling these permits and the  familiarity with their own geology translates to faster review times.  It does not negatively impact drinking water. The freedom to craft  those programs in a manner that makes sense the most should be relied  upon at that local level.    Unfortunately, those applications for primacy are often held up with  the EPA without any clarity. As you heard, those 270 days are  completely unfortunate to moving at that speed of relevancy.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment, to pass  this, to let the States do what they can do to help not only drinking  water, but emissions control.   