 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Ramirez  for her incredible leadership and energy to provide a needed voice on  an issue that is so critically important.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to applaud President Biden and the Biden/Harris  administration for the incredible steps that  [[Page H1878]]  they have taken. Thank you for believing and demonstrating action and  not just words.   I firmly believe in delivering permanent protections for Dreamers  because immigrant rights are, in fact, human rights. President Biden's  announcement to expand healthcare coverage for DACA recipients will  protect some of our most vulnerable neighbors, family, and friends.   Dreamers strengthen our economy and enrich our workplaces, our  schools, and our communities. Over the last decade, DACA has brought  stability, possibility, and progress to more than 800,000 people--these  are our family, friends, neighbors, and colleagues. Even though this is  their home, they are being denied the basic rights of healthcare,  something that everyone, regardless of their station, should enjoy.   Secretary Becerra's new proposed rule will allow DACA recipients to  purchase qualified health insurance coverage. This is a step toward  justice for folks who have been forced to pay sky-high, out-of-pocket  costs for healthcare, or worse still, to go without lifesaving  treatments because they are just too expensive.   Fixing our broken immigration system will save lives and we must keep  fighting to give Dreamers a permanent pathway to citizenship. A  permanent pathway to citizenship. These actions from the Biden/Harris  administration are vitally important for so many Louisianians in my  home State and people across the United States who need these vital  protections.   Any policy is penny-wise and pound-foolish if we don't take into  consideration all people. When people can't get affordable health  insurance, they don't get it. It is that simple. When they can't afford  it, they don't get it. It puts the burden on our emergency rooms. It  ends up costing more money on the back end. Emergency room visits are  far more expensive, and it is much more difficult to provide the needed  care that individuals should have.   Preventative care is a heck of a lot cheaper than after the fact.  Providing resources is a heck of a lot cheaper on the front side than  after the fact. Having a process that is clear for people who are here  to abide by is a heck of a lot cheaper than after the fact.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to this proposed rule being finalized,  and I stand firmly with my friends in the Progressive Caucus. I stand  firmly with the White House in providing resources that will deliver  permanent protection for Dreamers because, again, immigration rights  are, in fact, human rights. They are rights that we all should stand  firm for, that we all should stand together on, that we all should  recognize as a human issue and an American issue.   