 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. Latta,  for recognizing me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my legislation, H.R. 1353, the  ALERT Parity Act.   This bipartisan legislation would require the Federal Communications  Commission to issue rules within 18 months of enactment to establish an  application process for any entities seeking to provide wireless  emergency alerts for 911 services in unserved areas across America. It  also requires the FCC to establish service rules whereby providers of  emergency connectivity service may access spectrum held by a licensee,  so long as it does not cause interference and they have express written  consent from the licensee.   Additionally, the bill requires the FCC to provide an annual report  to Congress detailing instances where emergency connectivity service  was provided by this process, and also each instance when an entity  authorized to use spectrum declined to provide the consent needed by  providers of emergency connectivity service to use their spectrum.   This enables Congress to provide oversight of these services and  ensure that this legislation is implemented as intended.   First and foremost, enabling 911 calls and texts and emergency alerts  in remote and unserved areas is not only  [[Page H1924]]  common sense, it is a lifesaving measure.   Every American deserves access to emergency assistance, regardless of  where they live, period.   This bill is very narrow in scope. The rules required by the bill  would only enable emergency connectivity service providers to connect  to individuals' phones where there is no cellular service, either due  to an outage or because there is not a mobile carrier providing service  in that area.   To many of us, it is frustrating if we lose cell service temporarily.  It is unfathomable for many to understand that in 2023 there remains  remote areas in America that still lack reliable cellular service.   Now that there is technology that will enable distressed Ohioans in  rural Appalachia, and all such rural areas across the United States who  lack mobile cell service to reach emergency assistance, I believe we  have a responsibility to make it happen and to ensure American  innovation can serve our communities that are otherwise left out.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Kim Schrier for co-leading this  legislation and her work on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I also urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1353 to ensure  everyone has access to critical lifesaving emergency services  regardless of where they live or travel.   Mr. Speaker, I also thank Mr. Pallone, the ranking member of the  Energy and Commerce Committee for his support as well.   