 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership  on this important issue because the unelected career bureaucrats are at  it again. They are launching attacks on our constitutional rights, the  constitutional rights of law-abiding gun owners.   This seems to be the sole purpose of the agency lately, attacking the  Second Amendment. Now they want to ban pistol braces.   Americans who don't know what a pistol brace is might have some  obvious questions after hearing about this ban. What is a pistol brace?  Obviously, it makes guns more deadly, right? It makes guns shoot  faster. It makes them want to be used only by people who want to murder  other people.   Why else would the ATF want to ban it?   But the Americans who actually use pistol braces know the reality:  There is zero logical reason to ban pistol braces. It is a device used  by a lot of disabled veterans, a lot of people I know, to provide more  stability when shooting a gun.   Tens of millions of Americans own this brace, but they would  immediately become felons when this goes into effect. That is not even  practical from a law enforcement perspective.   Now, you could argue, actually, that the pistol brace makes the gun  safer; it makes it less likely to shoot things they are not aiming at.   But no, the impulsive leaders at ATF have once again failed to apply  simple logic and reason to their decisionmaking and, instead, chose to  apply the mindset of the authoritarian, gun-grabbing bureaucrats we all  know that they are.   Congress cannot sit idly by. I recently re-introduced a bipartisan  piece of legislation that would create an appeals process for small  business owners hurt by these haphazard rulings. Right now, the only  recourse that exists is for these gun shop owners and manufacturers to  sue the Federal Government in court.   Now, for the average American, that is not exactly doable. It takes  time and a lot of money and a lot of resources.   My bill would put the ATF in line with every other Federal regulatory  agency's appeal process and ensure Americans can petition their  government for the redress of grievances and get decisions handed down  in a timely manner.   These taxpayer-funded, anti-gun activists at the ATF cannot continue  to trample on our Second Amendment rights without a response from  Congress.   We must never cease fighting against these shameless power grabs, and  Republican must use our House majority to protect law-abiding gun  owners.   