 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, years ago, we realized the government's  failure to keep up with the amount of classified information is  outdated; it is insufficient; and it is costly.   It is important to improve our broken classification system to reduce  costs, eliminate years of backlog, and create a more efficient system.  But I now recognize there is another reason to do this beyond just the  efficiency of good government. We now know, also, it is making our  country more vulnerable.   The disclosure of classified information threatens our country's  security, diminishes the safety of our military, and damages our  relationships with our allies.   We are so overwhelmed protecting outdated documents that we have  failed to meet the basic purpose of our classification system: protect  classified information from bad actors.   In the past year, our Nation experienced a number of harmful  incidents relating to how classified information has been handled. Last  year, we learned that classified information was improperly in the  possession of the President, the former President, and the former Vice  President.   Last month, our Nation became aware of a number of documents  allegedly leaked by a 21-year-old Air National Guardsman trying to  impress his video game buddies.   Regarding the latest leaks and the constant reporting streaming from  them, I am mystified that such a person could have such broad access to  some of our Nation's most sensitive information.   The alleged leaker had a known history of threatening violence and a  record that did not permit him to obtain a gun. How could he be trusted  with a top security clearance?   To protect the security of the United States, it is necessary for  Congress to understand how these episodes happened, ascertain the  damage that has been inflicted, and work to reduce the likelihood of  them ever happening again.   We must also overhaul how records are handled and who has access to  them. I want to highlight the enormous amount of classified information  that is already in the government's possession. In this digital era,  the Federal Government is classifying more information than our current  analog declassification efforts can meet.   We are increasingly finding that information which should no longer  be classified, including historical records subject to mandatory  declassification, remain classified because the system is just simply  overwhelmed.   This comes at a cost of good governance: American taxpayers spend $18  billion a year--$18 billion a year--on this broken system, and it  prevents transparency, costly and not good government, citizens without  information.   When there are no compelling national security reasons to justify  records remaining classified, public trust in government is undermined.   Senator Wyden, the Senator from Oregon, and I have attempted to  address this growing problem by introducing the Declassification Reform  Act in the previous two Congresses.   Following the recommendations of the Public Interest Declassification  Board, we sought to designate the Director of National Intelligence as  the official responsible to oversee an intelligence community-wide  reform so that we don't fall further and further and further behind.   The intelligence community recognizes the urgency of reforming the  classification system. However, it remains a question of who is in  charge of this process. An executive agent is necessary. The  Declassification Reform Act establishes a working fund for Agencies to  utilize.   Our legislation doesn't resolve every problem associated with how  government classifies and declassifies information. Too much  information is classified, and administrations from both parties have  allowed political considerations to interfere in the declassification  process. But when records no longer require classification, neither  disagreements about national security nor politics are to blame. It is  an out-of-date system that is in need of leadership--leadership to  reform it.   A modernized declassification system will help eliminate years of  backlog and create more efficiency and greater transparency.   Modernizing our system would also apply to the process of tracking  records that are supposed to remain classified so that we can better  keep them secure, which is now the top priority for why we must  immediately address this issue.   We live in a very dangerous world. And information that is classified  and should be classified should not be shared with others. And yet we  saw that happen just last month. Sensitive information that must remain  classified must be protected from carelessness or maliciousness. Yet  the records that no longer need to remain classified should be made  available in a timely fashion.   I serve on the Senate Intelligence Committee. I look forward to  introducing legislation with Senator Warner as chairman, Senator Cornyn  and Senator Wyden, other members of that committee, to introduce  legislation in the coming days to further address this issue.   I also welcome the opportunity to work with my colleagues, both on  the committee and in this Chamber, to advance this debate and reach  solutions to improve an out-of-date declassification system and better  protect our national security, the challenges we face in this country  and around the world. Now is not the time for us to look the other way.  We can do better, and we need to head down that path quickly.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   