 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak about  the nomination of Michael Whitaker of Vermont to be Administrator of  the Federal Aviation Administration.   Yesterday, as you know, his nomination was reported unanimously out  of the Senate Commerce Committee in which we both serve. That was by  voice vote, with all the Members of the Commerce Committee  overwhelmingly agreeing in a bipartisan fashion that Mr. Whitaker  should lead the FAA. This is welcome after 18 months of having no one  leading the FAA.   It is not surprising that he had such strong support. Why? Michael  Whitaker is immensely qualified, with over 30 years of experience in  aviation, both in the public sector and in the private sector. His  background and knowledge of the industry is formidable.   First, Michael is a longtime aviator, so he has practical concern  about safety in the air and personal experience about flying.   Second, he has real experience running large and complex systems.  During his time as the Deputy Administrator at the FAA from 2013 to  2016, Mike helped the FAA upgrade to satellite-enabled surveillance  technology. He managed cybersecurity threats and chaired an interagency  committee coordinating safety and security enhancements in our  airspace. He made flying safer.   Third, he has relevant private sector experience. While in the  private sector, Mike has worked on strategy operations for some of the  world's largest travel companies. They include United Airlines,  InterGlobe Enterprises, and Trans World Airlines. He will bring those  management skills--that capacity to build a team and organize systems  in his forward-thinking vision--to the FAA.   Fourth, Mike's focus is on performance, and his commitment to safety  is absolute. That is something that the FAA is primarily responsible  for, and it is an awesome responsibility that Mr. Whitaker has taken  seriously every day of his life while he has served in both private and  public positions in aviation.   Mike is a Vermonter--a small-town person who lives in a small town in  Vermont, but he has got big-time experience. He understands the  importance of ensuring that everyone is represented, and he knows the  realities of what the industry and the FAA needs to succeed.   With Mike in the cockpit of the FAA, our skies will be safer, and he  will work tirelessly to ensure that Americans across the country can  fly safely and seamlessly wherever they please with as few disruptions  as possible. We urgently need a full-time FAA administrator, and  Michael Whitaker of Vermont is the ideal candidate for that role.   I urge my colleagues to support his nomination.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   