 Mr. Chair, I thank my distinguished colleague from the  great State of Wisconsin for yielding time to me on this amendment and  on the underlying bill.   The question was just asked: Why do we have a White House Gender  Policy Council?   It is a pretty simple answer to that question. It is because here in  America there are two contrasting visions as it relates to reproductive  freedom.   Democrats believe in a woman's freedom to make her own reproductive  healthcare decisions. Extreme MAGA Republicans have a very different  view. Extreme MAGA Republicans want to criminalize abortion care.   Extreme MAGA Republicans want to impose a nationwide ban. Extreme  MAGA Republicans want us to live in a society where women have  government mandated pregnancies. That is the dichotomy that we confront  right now.   Reproductive freedom is at issue all across America, and you are  either on the right side of that issue, Mr. Chairman, or you are on the  wrong side. We believe that my Republican colleagues continue to march  us toward a nationwide abortion ban.   Mr. Chairman, just look at the underlying legislation which, by its  very definition, restricts hundreds of thousands of people here in the  District of Columbia as it relates to reproductive freedom.   Why is it in this bill?   It is because there is a real policy difference. House Democrats  support a woman's freedom to make her own reproductive healthcare  decisions. Period. Full stop.   It is a choice that should be between a woman, her doctor, her faith,  and her family, and not a bunch of extreme politicians. Nevertheless,  that is the vision that is being offered to us by our friends on the  other side. That is the reason why the White House has taken the step  forward to make sure that they are protecting women all across America  from efforts to try to criminalize abortion care.   I wonder, Mr. Chairman, what lesson has been learned from the events  of just this week?   What lesson was learned in Ohio?   What lesson was learned in Virginia?   What lesson was learned in Kentucky, the deepest of red States?   Why does this continue to happen?   They jam an extreme rightwing ideology down the throats of the women  of America. That is what we are against. That is why we oppose this  amendment. That is one of the reasons why we oppose this underlying  bill.   Now, from the very beginning of this Congress, House Democrats have  made it clear: We want to find common ground with our Republican  colleagues on any issue whenever and wherever possible if it relates to  making life better for everyday Americans.   House Democrats are all about putting people over politics: fighting  for things like lower costs, growing the middle class, and safer  communities. These are things that will make a difference and solve  problems in the lives of everyday Americans.   Part of the challenge that we face is that the extreme MAGA  Republican agenda continues to be focused on the wrong things. The  extreme MAGA Republican agenda is focused on defaulting on America's  debt, shutting down the government, crashing the economy, criminalizing  reproductive freedom, cutting Social Security and Medicare, impeaching  President Biden, and doing nothing to deal with affordability issues or  improving the quality of life of everyday Americans.   That is a shame.   So, yes, we are going to continue to oppose Republican efforts to  criminalize abortion care now, tomorrow, next month, next year, and  forever until this effort to take away reproductive freedom is buried  in the ground never to rise again.   