 Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the House Oversight Committee  will hear testimony from two IRS whistleblowers who claim that the  President and his son received special treatment during criminal  investigations.   I remind my colleagues that it is our constitutional duty in this  body to hold the President of the United States accountable.   These recent allegations of influence peddling and foreign bribery  have cast a dark shadow over the integrity of this administration.   The American people must ask themselves: Can we trust a President to  represent our best interests if he is compromised by foreign businesses  or governments?   We must bring the truth to light, not out of personal vendetta or  partisan motivation, but out of the genuine commitment to preserving  our democratic institutions.   The Framers of our Constitution designed our government with a system  of checks and balances to prevent abuses of power. We cannot shy away  from this responsibility when it matters the most.   I implore every one of my colleagues to set aside personal interests  and come together to seek the truth and to honor our constitutional  duty.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Indiana for  yielding time today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the rule and protecting our  communities and our public schools from paying the price for the Biden  administration's broken border policies.   Five counties in my district have declared a state of emergency in  responding to the overwhelming influx of illegal immigration that  Democrats in Washington and in my own State of New York refuse to  address.   Many of the communities in my district already struggle to provide  essential services, but thanks to President Biden, Governor Hochul, and  Mayor Adams, they are now forced to shoulder the heavy burden of  housing illegal migrants.   For anyone who wants to call those supportive of this effort today as  lacking compassion, cruel, callous, whatever they want to come up with,  I have this to say: My constituents, who are struggling to accommodate  an influx of people who broke the law to enter this country, do not  lack compassion.   They are simply trying to survive in the face of an administration  that refuses to protect this country's sovereignty and to secure our  borders.   Families like those in my district who have seen their loved ones die  from the fentanyl flooding into our communities, they are not callous.  They are desperate to see something done to stop the flow of lethal  substances and save as many lives as possible.   Communities across America who see what New York City is attempting  to do by co-opting their public schools at the expense of their  children are not cruel for wanting to stop this. They are worried about  the safety and the well-being of our children.   I strongly support the rule before us today and appreciate the  leadership of my good friend and fellow New Yorker, Congressman Marc  Molinaro, in bringing forward H.R. 3941, the Schools Not Shelters Act.   The Biden administration has already demonstrated its callousness,  cruelty, and lack of compassion by refusing to secure our borders and  uphold our immigration laws. I urge my colleagues to join me in saying  enough, and to support this rule before us today.   