 Mr. Chairman, I support H.R. 21.   Michiganians are facing hardships due to President Biden and  Secretary Granholm's war on American energy. My constituents are  struggling to afford to fill up their tanks and heat their homes.   Instead of abandoning his failed progressive policies and unleashing  domestic energy production to lower costs for hardworking Americans,  the Biden administration decided to use America's Strategic Petroleum  Reserve as a political Band-Aid.   President Biden has sold off over 250 million barrels of oil,  draining our SPR to its lowest level since 1983. America's Strategic  Petroleum Reserve is to be used in cases of national emergency, not  political emergencies. Energy security is national security.   H.R. 21 is a commonsense measure to ensure that our SPR remains ready  for when we face global supply disruptions that threaten our economy  and prevents politically motivated withdrawals. Let's pass it.    Mr. Chair, I reserve a point of order.    Mr. Chair, I withdraw my reservation of a point of  order.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I think we need to remember that H.R. 21 is  about strengthening the SPR by requiring any nonemergency use to be  accompanied by a plan to produce American oil resources.   This amendment undermines the purpose of the bill. It would deprive  the country of the benefits of secure American supplies of cleanly  produced fossil energy. We should reject this anti-American energy  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve a point of order.    Mr. Chair, I reserve a point of order.    Mr. Chair, I withdraw my reservation of a point of  order.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, this amendment prohibits the leasing plan  from decreasing land and water for recreation, but this is unnecessary.  Nothing in the bill changes any existing laws related to land and water  access.   Energy production and conservation are not mutually exclusive.  Republicans are good stewards and desire to be good stewards as well of  all of our resources. In fact, every year, $900 million in royalties  are paid by energy companies drilling for oil and gas on Federal land,  and those royalties are put into this fund. The money is used to  protect national parks and the land surrounding waters and national  wildlife refuges.   This amendment is nothing more than an attempt to delay the  implementation of H.R. 21, so I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, this amendment prohibits oil and gas  exploration in a specific area of the Outer Continental Shelf off the  California coast.   This amendment excludes a tract of land from oil and gas exploration  from being included in the leasing plan. Virtually, all oil and gas  leasing in the OCS occurs in the Gulf of Mexico.   Oil and gas exploration in the OCS accounts for roughly 15 percent of  all domestic oil production and 2 percent of domestic natural gas  production.   By further limiting this potentially vast resource, we will not be  able to meet demand for oil and gas as it increases, and it will.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, H.R. 21 is about strengthening the SPR by  requiring any non-emergency use to be accompanied by a plan to produce  American oil resources.   This amendment undermines the purpose of H.R. 21 and would deprive  the country of the benefits of secure American supplies of cleanly  produced fossil energy.   Rather than deprive Californians--including the hardworking  Californians in the energy production industry--the benefit of  increasing American energy and security, we should embrace the pro- energy policies of H.R. 21.   We should reject this anti-energy amendment.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment.    Mr. Chair, this amendment goes further than the scope of  H.R. 21. Nothing in H.R. 21 affects  [[Page H377]]  any laws or statutes on the books that regulate offshore oil and gas  development.   The purpose and scope of this bill is limited: it is to protect our  SPR from political use and to ensure we are adequately prepared for  future legitimate emergencies. It does nothing to impact existing  Department of the Interior regulations.   It simply requires the Secretary of Energy to develop a plan to  increase production if it is used without declaring an emergency. This  is not a vehicle to impose new restrictions.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order.    Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my reservation of a point of  order.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment further restricts the land  that could be eligible for the production plan. It sets a vague  requirement to ensure that land in the plan provides ``a fair return  for taxpayers.''   The Biden administration has hamstrung our ability to produce  American energy. This has had a disastrous consequence for Americans.   Energy prices have skyrocketed under this administration and still  remain high. We have grown more reliant on our adversaries such as  Venezuela, Iran, and China for energy--dirty energy. I would argue that  producing more American energy to lower prices for families is a ``fair  return for taxpayers.''   I urge a ``no'' vote, Mr. Chairman, on this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    This amendment would require the leasing plan to include  a consultation plan with Tribal Governments. Current law allows for  sufficient consultation with relevant agencies and Tribes. This bill  does nothing to change underlying leasing laws that the Department of  the Interior is subject to.   So I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, this amendment would prohibit the leasing  plan from including leasing where it would disproportionately burden  communities of color, low-income communities, or Tribal and indigenous  communities. However, current law allows for a process requiring  consultation with relevant agencies, Tribes, and communities.   This bill does nothing to change underlying leasing laws the  Department of the Interior is subject to, so I urge a ``no'' vote on  this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, this amendment would prohibit the leasing  plan from including leasing on Federal lands that are viable for  renewable energy production.   This amendment is nothing more than an attempt to force the  government to pick winners and losers in the marketplace by mandating  only renewable production on certain lands. It is also shortsighted  given some of the serious environmental and land degradation concerns  the build-out of massive swaths of solar panels and wind turbines  create.   The intent of H.R. 21 is to protect the SPR and increase domestic  production of oil and gas. This would do the opposite.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve a point of order.    Mr. Chair, I do insist on the point of order.    The amendment violates clause 7 of rule XVI of the rules  of the House because it is not germane to the underlying bill.   Specifically, the bill limits the drawdown of petroleum in the  Strategic Petroleum Reserve until the Department of Energy develops a  plan to increase the percentage of Federal lands leased for oil and gas  production. The amendment would require the Secretary of Energy to  develop a plan to offset any drawdown of petroleum products in the  reserve with measures that reduce the demand for oil.   Measures to reduce the demand for oil is a different purpose for the  plan in H.R. 21. The amendment is not germane.    Mr. Chair, I reserve a point of order.    Mr. Chairman, with all due respect, I insist upon my  point of order.    Mr. Chairman, clause 7 of rule XVI prohibits the House  and its committees from considering nongermane amendments.   This amendment is not germane because it violates the subject matter  test of germaneness.   H.R. 21 proposes to limit the drawdown of petroleum in the Strategic  Petroleum Reserve until the Department of Energy develops a plan to  increase the percentage of Federal lands leased for oil and gas  production.   This amendment would introduce a new subject matter into the bill.  Specifically, the amendment requests leases or permits issued to be  accompanied by a certification. This is about permit holders, not a  leasing plan. This idea should be judged on the merits in a separate  bill.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition.    H.R. 21 is about strengthening the SPR by requiring any  nonemergency use to be accompanied by a plan to produce American oil  resources. This amendment is unworkable as a matter of certification,  and if it were to work, it would lead to inhibiting the price signals  necessary for generating more supply.   The market economy allocating resources through supply and demand is  the best system for assuring affordable quality goods and depends on  prices to signal more supply. This amendment seeks to curtail price  signals for largely uneconomic messaging purposes.   This amendment undermines the purpose of the bill, and so, I urge a  ``no'' vote on this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   