 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the amendment that I am offering here directs  the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, as we refer to it, to  withdraw two policy statements that massively expand the role of  climate hysteria in certification of natural gas infrastructure, like  pipelines and LNG export terminals.   In February 2022, FERC released two radical policy statements that  massively increased the role that the emissions play in its  certification of natural gas pipelines and LNG export terminals, which  are so critical to our ability to affect world consumption of gas so  that we can drive down CO2 and expand our role in the world  and expand American energy interests.   This included requiring FERC to consider the upstream and downstream  impact on emissions that building a new natural gas pipeline would  have.   Even Senator Manchin said: ``The Commission went too far by  prioritizing a political agenda over their main mission--ensuring our  Nation's energy reliability and security.''   I want everybody to hear this. This move by FERC came 1 week before  Russia invaded Ukraine. This administration is perfectly fine  empowering our enemies to appease the climate activists, the climate  cult. We saw it with Nord Stream 2. We see it right here.   We refuse to expand American energy right when we could be sticking  it to Putin. Instead, we have everybody over here clamoring about what  we need to do in Ukraine instead of having gotten in front of that by  exporting American energy, by making sure that we control the world's  supply of energy by putting out clean-burning American natural gas.   Just 1 week after FERC made this move, Russia invaded Ukraine,  massively disrupting European natural gas supplies.   When the Western world was begging for U.S. LNG, this administration  was giving them the middle finger to appease the climate cult.   Meanwhile, our enemies--China, Iran, Russia, Venezuela--are massively  pumping out emissions. China has 1,100 coal-fired plants. They are  adding two a week. We are not adding squat to our natural gas or coal  production capacity.   Texas is about to be 50 percent wind and solar because we refuse to  actually produce the coal and gas necessary to have power on a cloudy,  windless day.   China accounts for 30 percent of global emissions--and increasing.  Russian natural gas exports to Europe release 41 percent more emissions  than U.S. LNG.   Bottom line: This administration's war on U.S. energy will not do a  thing to help the environment but will hurt freedom and prosperity here  and abroad.   We should accept this amendment. This amendment should be agreed to  across the spectrum because it is good for American oil and gas. It is  good for the world. It will actually help drive down CO2  while making our country stronger and helping us push back on Russia in  the process.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr.  Armstrong).    Mr. Chair, I agree with my friend (Mr. Armstrong).   If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have no issues with  the fact that they were amending these drafts and leaving it in draft  form, we just want to give the certainty of saying to remove these.  They were clearly a bad idea.  [[Page H1596]]    That is exactly what Senator Manchin was saying. Let's not go down  this road.   This is the problem with FERC. FERC is becoming a radical  organization that is inserting itself in places where it does not  belong. When the executive branch oversteps its bounds, it is incumbent  upon Congress, in Article I, to do something about it.   We are simply saying to pull these. Admit that this was a foolish  direction to go, and let's ensure that we are sending a strong signal  that we are pro-pipeline, pro-moving American LNG and making sure that  we are exporting energy to the world that is actually clean burning and  will help our economy, help push back on Putin, not make us reliable on  China, and make us a heck of a lot stronger.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   