 Madam Speaker, surrendering to Russia. Weak on China.  Are we serious about Israel? We are ignoring the humanitarian crisis  which exists there. This is strong for millionaire tax cheats. These  are the House Republican priorities.   Madam Speaker, I am tired of listening to the attempts to divide us  more. The last speaker is a perfect example. I have great respect for  the gentleman, but it simply divides Americans more. I am sorry he  left. He is saying that basically Republicans care about what happened  on that terrible day when Hamas attacked; and that Democrats, where are  they really? We have been very specific, and the Senate has been very  specific. We have matters at hand. The catastrophe that happened  affected so many Israelis and, as a consequence, many, many  Palestinians. Very few belong to Hamas. But that is simply a footnote,  right?   House Republicans are using an international crisis, and I agree with  the ranking member of the Rules Committee, but they want to pass a  millionaires' tax break. The toxic political document would let rich  tax cheats off the hook.    Madam Speaker, it will increase the deficit while our  allies need help. That makes a lot of sense. Israelis and Palestinians  need our help. Humanitarian and defensive aid is a bare minimum.   Ukraine needs our leadership. Russian soldiers have been butchering  women and children for almost 2 years.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the Record a BBC  article titled: ``Whole family shot dead in Russian-occupied Ukrainian  town.''    Madam Speaker, nine members of one family were killed  because they would not give up their house to Russian troops so they  could stay there. Yet, we are finagling and we are dividing while  Ukraine burns. What are you doing for Ukraine? What are Republicans  doing today? What would they tell the President of Ukraine if he were  here today while they are sitting on their fannies and not doing  anything about them.   Ukraine needs our leadership. Russian soldiers have been butchering  women and children for almost 2 years. House Republicans are acting  like Putin's bodyguard by blocking Ukraine aid.   This bill aids the PRC by ignoring the President's request to support  Taiwan.   The funding President Biden requested for nonprofit security grants  [[Page H5240]]  to protect schools and houses of worship is nowhere to be found. That  is disgraceful. I hope we think better of it. I hope we come together.  I hope this tragedy can unite us.   