 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for  yielding.   The U.S. should be leading the free world right now but, instead, we  are falling behind. Hundreds of countries have a vaccine policy that is  more liberal than the United States at the moment.   If you live in Japan, Italy, Spain, Canada, the United Kingdom,  Ukraine, Israel, Germany, France, Australia, South Africa, Egypt,  Brazil, Taiwan, Mexico, all of our neighbors to the north and to the  south, to the east and to the west have gotten rid of their COVID  vaccine mandates to enter their countries, but we have not. Why is  that?   What is our policy right now?   To enter into the United States, if you are a foreigner, you have to  have a COVID vaccine. Who can enter right now without a vaccine?   Well, if you are an illegal alien apprehended at the border and  awaiting a trial or a hearing, you don't need a vaccine; just come on  into the country, we will check it out later.   What if you are somebody who comes in and you have been vaccinated,  but you have got a full-blown case of symptomatic COVID? Oh, you are  vaccinated? No problem. Come on in. Bring your new variant, whatever it  is. We will welcome you.   If you are a healthy tennis player who has not been vaccinated, then  stay out of our country. That is the message that we have been sending.   Our policy is at least 2 years out of date. The U.S. Travel  Association recognizes this. They said that every day this policy  remains in place encourages some travelers to avoid the U.S., costing  us valuable visitor spending and delaying our efforts to re-ignite  inbound travel.   So our economy is suffering. But that is not really what compelled to  me to offer this bill. I am concerned about the families who have been  separated for 3 years; children who haven't seen their parents; spouses  who haven't seen each other, separated for 3 years.   There is no religious exemption in the vaccine mandate policy that  the United States has. In fact, there are dictatorships that have  better policies than ours right now: Iran, Russia, China, Cuba, Syria;  oh, not vaccinated? Not a problem because they recognize at least the  science behind it.   Mr. Speaker, this is a structured rule. During the debate, we are  going to allow three amendments from the Democrats on my bill, and we  are going to allow two Republican amendments. I think that is very kind  of us. We didn't see this kind of openness and legislative deliberative  process when the other party was in the majority.   Think about this as I close: Today, later in this Chamber, there will  be over 1,000 people, sharing the oxygen, the air in this room with the  President and the Vice President of the United States, and none of  those thousand people that will be in this room have been mandated to  take the vaccine.   So when you think about casting your vote on this, just consider for  a second: Are you being a hypocrite?   None of your staff and none of the Members of this legislative body,  or the Supreme Court, or the Senate who are going to join us here later  today with the President, none of them have been mandated to take the  vaccine. We shouldn't do the same.   We should not project xenophobia from this country. We should allow  visitors; we should reunite families; and we should re-ignite our  economy by eliminating this policy.  [[Page H725]]    Mr. Speaker, I support the rule.   