 Mr. President, I rise today to support Senator Vance's  resolution of disapproval for the District of Columbia's anti-police  law.   When lives are on the line, when seconds count, members of law  enforcement are there putting their lives on the line to protect and  serve their communities.   Backing the blue is especially important now, as rogue prosecutors  and activist judges undercut those who are out there fighting crime. We  see big cities implement policies that make the already difficult job  of crime-fighting that much harder. Consequently, crime in our country  has risen. Our streets are less safe. Our citizens' safety is under  constant threat.   A prime example of this overreach is right here in Washington, DC.  Last year, the DC City Council passed a so-called comprehensive  policing and justice reform package. The package contains provision  after provision that hamstrings the police in this city. It limits the  tactics they can use to control unruly crowds and riots, and it buries  them in paperwork before they can even execute a constitutional  search. It strips cops of the power to review body cam evidence, and it  allows for their names to be released to the media before an  investigation can even begin.    And what has happened since this act went into effect? Well, in the  first full year that this law was in effect, DC's homicide rate reached  nearly a 20-year high. In just the first 4 months of 2023, there have  been over 250 carjackings and an increase in robberies throughout the  city.   DC's chief of police recently reported that the average homicide  suspect is arrested 11 times before committing murder. Now, it is  striking that DC is making it harder to arrest these criminals before  they commit such heinous acts. And, at the same time, the District's  police union has reported that the department ``has lost over 1,200  police officers while only replacing 700.'' The force is poised to be  at its lowest number of officers since the 1970s.   Congress has the authority and the responsibility to ensure public  safety in the District; and, furthermore, the symbol of our Nation's  Capital under siege from crime is one our country cannot and should not  tolerate. As politicians in this city push anti-police laws, it is  incumbent upon our country's national leaders to stand up to these  legislative attacks on law enforcement.   Now is the time for elected officials to express their full and  complete support for the police. We need to fund them; we need to back  them; and we need to push back against false narratives.   Strong nations support law enforcement because these are the men and  women who stand on that thin blue line between safety and chaos. For  the sake of law and order in our Nation's Capital, I stand in support  of Senator Vance's resolution.   I yield the floor.   