 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Roy for his leadership  once again and in particular on this all-important issue of the fiscal  and economic stability of our country. More than that, not just the  financial part of it, which we cannot overstate--we can't overstate the  harm done to our country from a spending standpoint with $32 trillion  in national debt on the backs of our children and our grandchildren,  $100,000 per citizen, but in addition to that, how that debt and how  that spending has accumulated for the purpose of literally harming the  American people.   We can't overstate how our own government has become weaponized  against its own citizens, trying to control every aspect of our lives,  trying to control decisions like whether or not we can have or use a  gas stove; whether or not we can choose what kind of car we want to  drive; whether or not we can heat or cool our homes the way that we  want to; whether or not we can exercise our God-given, constitutionally  protected Second Amendment rights; whether or not we can make decisions  for ourselves on whether or not we can operate our business, earn a  living, educate our children the way that we want to without the heavy  hand of government coming in.   We have $32 trillion in national debt, $100,000 per citizen. What is  this President's response with the budget proposal that he rolled out  yesterday? To increase spending about 56 percent beyond where it was  pre-COVID.   From $4.4 trillion in spending, this President wants to increase it  by $2\1/2\ trillion to $6.9 trillion. That $6.9 trillion--for just 1  year, mind you--is about $20,000 per American citizen.   How many Americans today would vote to borrow and spend--we have to  put ``borrow'' in front of all of it--to borrow and spend $20,000 on  their personal credit card to do things that are not only not helpful  to them but much of which is harmful to them on top of the $100,000 in  national debt that we have per citizen today?   Thank God for Republicans who are going to come into the gap and  stand on the wall to defend the American people and finally bring some  fiscal stability to our country, cut the spending, and deal a blow  against the woke weaponized government that is assaulting and harming  the American people.   We are going to do that with the opportunity we have as we face the  debt ceiling limit. We are going to utilize this opportunity of our  newfound congressional House rules that are going to allow us to put  reforms in place for not just this year and next year but for the  future to put us on a path to fiscal responsibility.   I thank Congressman Roy from Texas for showing leadership, once  again, on the most important, fundamental issues for our country.    Clearly not. And the loss of trust and  confidence to the degree that it has been lost in the last 2 years in  our Federal Government, in our election system, in our government  agencies, in even our department of injustice, I would call it, is just  so damaging to the future of our country.   How do we get that back? How do we restore it?   We start by not funding it, not funding those agencies, those  bureaucracies that are perpetuating such harm on the American people.   The gentleman made the point earlier today so well, that we talk  about going back to pre-COVID spending at $4.4 trillion. At that point,  that was record spending in the history of the country. That was  leading us to some, at that point, maybe $25 trillion in national debt,  an untold amount that we haven't had since World War II, that was pre- COVID. That was out of hand. That was out of control.   It is just this President who has taken it to a new level; $10  trillion in new spending in the first 2 years of an administration has  never happened before in the history of the country. But it is not just  the dollars, which if this was good spending, meaning things that we  thought were justified, if you will, or positive things, we don't have  the money, we can't afford it, we are bankrupt.   But worse than that, we are spending money, literally, to make our  military weaker. We are spending money, literally, to keep our border  open to the Mexican crime cartels. We are spending money, literally, to  harm our kids in schools. We are spending money, literally, to try to  ruin the country.   If you were setting out 2 years ago to try to ruin the country, what  would you do differently than what this administration has done, while  borrowing the money to do it?    We couldn't imagine it at that time.    We are borrowing an additional $150 million to  send it to Mexico that is controlled by the crime cartels, so that they  can utilize that funding to invade our southern border, with the  individuals we are allowing to pass through their country trafficking  drugs, human trafficking, sex trafficking, who knows what, hundreds of  thousands every month. Yet, we are going to borrow $150 million to send  it to them to help them do it.   