 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3371, the Wounded Knee  Massacre Memorial and Sacred Site Act, introduced by my colleague from  South Dakota (Mr. Johnson).   This legislation is an important step to honor Lakota lives lost at  Wounded Knee and honor the Lakota for generations to come.   In particular, this bill would place approximately 40 acres of land  located within the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation into restricted fee  status for the Oglala Sioux Tribe and the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe.  This is the land believed to be the site of the 1890 Wounded Knee  Massacre.   In the late 1880s, Tribes began holding ghost dances for the renewal  of stolen land and in protest of the U.S. Government, a government that  prohibited American Indians from practicing their religious freedom.   In December of 1890, the government sent U.S. Army 7th Cavalry troops  to disarm the Lakota near Wounded Knee Creek. A struggle occurred, and  the 7th Cavalry brutally massacred over 350 American Indian men, women,  and children near Wounded Knee Creek.   The Wounded Knee Massacre was one of the most atrocious acts in our  Nation's history. The healing is still continuing today.   In 2022, the Oglala Sioux Tribe and Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe  purchased this land and signed a covenant to hold and maintain the land  as a memorial and sacred site.   Representative Johnson's bill affirms that covenant and would allow  the Oglala Sioux Tribe and the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe to hold,  maintain, and protect the land as a memorial and sacred site without  any development.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this  legislation. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the duck stamp, or Federal Migratory Bird Hunting and  Conservation Stamp is the only Federal conservation revenue stamp. This  means 98 percent of the sale price is used to purchase conservation  easements and to acquire wetland habitats for the National Wildlife  Refuge System.   The duck stamp also provides an opportunity to showcase wildlife art,  with the Fish and Wildlife Service hosting an art competition each  year, and a winning piece selected for next year's design.   Sportsmen and women, artists, and conservationists purchase duck  stamps as a collectible to cover entry fees to any National Wildlife  Refuge System unit, as a hunting license, or as a donation to  conservation. Millions of stamps have been sold in recent years,  contributing tens of millions of dollars toward conservation each year.   This bipartisan bill will modernize government stamp services by  allowing online access to the Federal Duck Stamp. This improvement will  save applicants and agency officials time and money and make it more  accessible for hunters, conservationists, and collectors to purchase  duck stamps and support wetland conservation. It is a good bill, and I  am happy to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I urge  my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 663, the Native  American Child Protection Act.   American Indian and Alaska Native children have the highest rate of  child abuse in the United States, at a rate of 15 cases for every 1,000  children. This can have devastating impacts on a child's cognitive,  emotional, and neurological development, and can last them well into  adulthood and even their entire life.   On top of this crisis, the Supreme Court recently heard a case  attempting to gut the Indian Child Welfare Act, which protects the  rights of Native children and families. That is why passing the Native  American Child Protection Act today is so timely.   My bipartisan bill reauthorizes and revises programs that give Tribes  the tools to treat, prevent, investigate, and prosecute child abuse and  family violence involving Native American children.   The programs in this bill were originally led by another Arizonian  back in 1990 through John McCain's Indian Child Protection and Family  Violence Prevention Act. That bill was part of a promise to answer for  the tragic abuse that happened at federally run Native American  boarding schools, but the programs had never been fully funded, were  never authorized, and eventually  [[Page H4369]]  expired. This is a failure by the Federal Government and a continuation  of centuries of broken promises.   By passing H.R. 663, we will take a step to right this wrong. We will  create a national Indian resource and family service center to help  Tribes and urban Indian organizations with training and program  development. We will develop new intergovernmental agreements between  Tribes and States to prevent, investigate, treat, and prosecute family  violence, and will encourage culturally appropriate treatments and  services for children who have been impacted.   In a place where we see a lot of partisan bickering, it is heartening  to see so much bipartisan support around Tribal issues, including my  Republican counterpart and co-lead on this bill, Representative  Newhouse.   I also thank Natural Resources Committee Chairman Westerman and  Ranking Member Raul Grijalva, as well as Indian and Insular Affairs  Subcommittee Chairwoman Hageman and Ranking Member Leger Fernandez for  their support.   The Native American Child Protection Act is another chance for us to  work together to fulfill our promise to help this vulnerable  population.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support final passage of H.R.  663, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   