 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for his service  and for yielding me time. I certainly concur with the sentiments that  he has expressed.   We hear from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle that this  resolution is somehow designed to modernize the Endangered Species Act.  Of course, the American people know better. They understand that this  resolution is designed to undermine the Endangered Species Act, and we  heard that over and over again during the Rules Committee proceeding  that the ranking member referenced.   Putting that aside for a moment, I suspect many Americans who are  watching today, Madam Speaker, are wondering what in the world is the  House of Representatives debating today? They are not the only ones.   Earlier this afternoon, the majority leader from the Republican side  announced that this House would be adjourning this evening. Now, as you  know, Madam Speaker, in 65 days, the Federal Government will not be  able to function absent this Congress passing a budget and averting a  government shutdown.   The congressional recess that Republican leadership has announced  that apparently is set to commence in less than 2 hours is 45 days  long. Madam Speaker, you can do the math. That leaves this Congress  with precious little time to do the people's business: To pass a budget  to fund the government.   Instead of doing that, we are debating, what? The northern long-eared  bat. That is how Republicans in Washington have determined to spend the  waning hours of this congressional session. It is consistent with the  way that  [[Page H4055]]  they have conducted their majority in this House for the better part of  the last 7 months.   No bills to lower costs, no bills to grow the middle class, no bills  to build safer communities. Bills on gas stoves, hearings on gas  stoves, three hearings on gas stoves, bills on the lesser prairie- chicken and the northern long-eared bat.   The priorities that House Republicans have pursued in this Chamber  are grossly out of step with the priorities of the American people. The  American people expect us to do the people's work, and we are not doing  that today.   I believe that in 65 days, when House Republicans shut down the  government--which they seem determined to do, given that they have  passed one appropriation bill before they have decided to send  everybody home--the American people will be right to question the  priorities of congressional Republicans; why they dither instead of  working in good faith with their colleagues to fund the government, to  do the basic work of governing. It is an important question, and one I  hope every American asks of my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle.   