 Mr. Chairman, I rise to honor one of the greatest heroes  our country has ever seen in combat: Major James Capers from Lee  County, South Carolina.   Many may not know the story of Major Capers, but his heroic actions  during the Vietnam war led him to become the first Black Marine Corps  officer nominated for the Medal of Honor, where he ultimately received  the Silver Star.   He is not only a hero because of his service in the Marine Corps but  also for his unwavering service in the special operations community.  Born in Bishopville, South Carolina, during the era of Jim Crow, Major  Capers willingly enlisted in the military to serve a nation that did  not always have his best interests at heart. That, in itself, is  heroism.   After his enlistment, Major Capers was soon selected to join the  elite Force Recon Marine Unit, where he excelled. He became the first  African American to get a battlefield commission in the Marine Corps  Force Recon and was promoted from staff sergeant to second lieutenant,  giving him control over the unit.  [[Page H3473]]    He is a natural leader. He is a father figure to Team Broadminded, a  specialized group of Force Recon Marines. Capers and Team Broadminded  were routinely selected to go to the most dangerous and clandestine  missions in Vietnam.   Serving in five major campaigns in Vietnam, Major Capers' missions  included a POW rescue ordered by President Johnson, amphibious assaults  in the DMZ, recovery of a B-57 rumored to have nuclear bombs, and  search and destroy patrols in Phu Loc. Team Broadminded conducted these  covert missions and countless more, many of which nearly took the life  of Major Capers.   In the fall of 1967, still recovering from combat injuries, Major  Capers was selected to represent the United States Marines in a  national recruiting campaign. A trailblazer for African Americans in  the Marine Corps, Major Capers' image, his picture, became the Marine  Corps' most popular recruiting campaign.   Sadly, Mr. Capers lost his wife and son to cancer, both of whom are  buried in Arlington National Cemetery. He still regularly receives  visits from his fellow soldiers and other young marines and has served  as a mentor for decades in the Marines' special forces community.   Major Capers is soft-spoken. His commendations offer an inspiring  view of heroism and self-sacrifice. He was nominated for the Medal of  Honor. He has been awarded the Silver Star, two Bronze Stars, and three  Purple Hearts.   Major Capers exemplifies what it truly means to be a hero. It is not  the medals but someone who stares adversity in its face and is willing  to sacrifice his own life for those of his brothers next to him.   It is my hope that every person of future generations can see and  hear the story and be willing to do what he has done, which is to be a  hero.   For these reasons, I have offered two amendments to this NDAA. The  first would authorize the President to award Major James Capers, Jr.,  the Medal of Honor for his acts of valor as a member of the Marine  Corps during the Vietnam war. The second amendment would establish that  it is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Navy shall name a  vessel of the United States Navy the USS Major James Capers, Jr.   Mr. Chairman, it is my honor and privilege to recognize a true  American hero, Major James Capers.   