 Mr. Chairman, as a small business owner and job creator for  over the past 35 years, I offered healthcare plans to my employees and  worked with them to find the best coverage for their families. I have  seen firsthand the impact of increasing healthcare, and I have also  done the burdensome paperwork to manage the plans on the back end.   I came to Congress 4 years ago, and the reason I came was because of  the burden that this Congress over the years has put on job creators  across America.   The small business healthcare package being debated today helps  simplify healthcare and empower people in one of their most personal  decisions, their healthcare.   I find it ironic that the gentleman across the aisle identifies the  ACA requirements as junk because the CHOICE Arrangement Act follows the  ACA guidelines. It encourages people to go out and shop. It follows the  rules on preexisting conditions.   But what we really know, what they don't like about this is it  doesn't go in the direction they want to go, which is to federalize all  healthcare. That has been the mission since day one, for the government  to run your healthcare. That just simply won't work.   I am proud that this package includes my bill, the CHOICE Arrangement  Act, which allows employees to use money from their employer to buy the  healthcare plan that works best for them.   Four years ago, the Trump administration finalized a rule to create  CHOICE accounts, allowing businesses to reimburse their employees for  the cost of the health insurance plan of their choosing. CHOICE  accounts put individuals--individuals, not the Federal Government--in  the driver's seat when it comes to picking their healthcare plan and  lets their employer financially support their decision.   This bill would codify that rule into law, benefiting everyone and,  overall, increasing the amount of people who have health insurance. You  would think that would be a good thing, but apparently not with my  Democratic colleagues.   Every patient's health needs are unique, and every person's situation  is different. This is why it is so important to expand and protect the  different options available to employers to provide health benefits in  different ways.   I am happy to see Congress address the burdens small businesses face  when providing healthcare benefits to their employees. This bill  fulfills part of a promise that the Republican Party has made to  America, to bring back true choice to American healthcare by enabling  small businesses to provide the best care for their employees.   As the chairman said, time and time again, in hearings that we have  been at across America talking to people that are experiencing the  burdens that come out of this Congress, it is amazing to me that the  Democrats who are businesspeople that are on the committee, when  talking without their talking points identify-- --businesses as people who apparently abuse their employees  and the employees continue to come to work. That is the irony of this.  They have no idea what they are talking about.   The reality is there are other job openings for everybody to go to,  and yet, people continue to work. The only way you are prosperous in  America and run a great business is if you take care of your people.  That is it. That is all you have. That is what differentiates you in  the world of a free market. I would hope that my Democratic colleagues  would recognize that and give a little credit to the people who are out  there putting their money and their risk on the line.   In addition to my bill, this small business package includes  legislation from my colleagues  Bob Good, Claudia Tenney and Tim  Walberg that will provide small businesses access to the association  health plans to build their negotiating power, stop-loss insurance to  protect from catastrophic losses, and reporting from Treasury to update  small business owners on new healthcare plans.   Small businesses make up the foundation of the American economy and  have true incentives, moral and financial, to pay to keep Americans  healthy. We should enable them to do so. I urge my colleagues to vote  ``yes'' on this bill.   