 Reserving the right to object, as I understand, the  Senator has two unanimous consent requests. I will object to both, and  I will make my comments when the Senator makes his second unanimous  consent request.   For now, on this first objection on this first request, so as to save  time, I will wait for my comments on the second and simply object to  this one.   I object.    Mr. President, the Senator is right--I have very little  interest in engaging on the merits of these proposals in a dialogue on  the floor of the Senate because they are not serious attempts to make  our kids safer.   These unanimous consent requests that Senator Cruz makes--they are  going to get a lot of clicks online. The confrontation that he is  looking for will probably lead to a bunch of cable news appearances  being booked, but it is not going to save any kids' lives.   The Senator knows this is not how the Senate works. This isn't an  autocracy. It is not a dictatorship. You don't come down here and  introduce a piece of legislation and 2 minutes later demand that the  entirety of the Senate agree to it without any debate, any negotiation.   The Senator says these are the same bills he introduced last year,  but as far as I can tell, he introduced the bills he is making  unanimous consent requests on minutes ago. They are not even fully  formed pieces of legislation. This thing is so ham-handed--one of the  bills--that there are literally brackets and question marks in the  text. The legislative drafters--at least in the version I see--haven't  made decisions on when the money is being spent.   The Senator says there is this pattern that plays out after these  shootings in which Democrats make demands about taking people's guns  away but aren't serious about making our kids safer. Is that how it  played out after the shooting in Uvalde? Is that what happened last  summer? No, that is not what happened. What happened last summer after  the shooting in the Senator's State is that serious Members of this  body--Members of this body who are more interested in legislating than  enacting political theater--sat down together and negotiated a bill to  save children's lives. Did it solve all of the problems in this  country? Did it guarantee every child's safety? No, it did not. But  let's be clear. Senator Cruz never expressed one iota of interest in  being part of those negotiations. Other Republican Senators did.   While I understand he objects to the gun provisions in that bill,  guess what--that bill also put $15 billion into school safety, into  mental health, into hardening our schools, into community anti-gun- violence programs.   I can't speak about the other Members of the group who authored that  bill, but I never got a single phone call from Senator Cruz during the  month of negotiations suggesting that we add the language he is talking  about to that proposal. Last summer, there were serious legislators who  came to this floor to enact legislation, to set aside our differences  and pass legislation that makes our kids safe--willing to make  compromise. Senator Cruz didn't even sniff that room.   He references the unanimous consent requests he made later last year  that I objected to. I think I suggested then, as I suggest now, that  the result of that unanimous consent request was to create political  theater and book cable news hits. The result was not going to be a  piece of legislation being enacted. I figured that if I was wrong about  that, if the Senator's purpose was to pass a piece of legislation, that  the result of my objection would have been to get outreach from the  Senator's office, to try to figure out a way forward, to try to find a  compromise. And I waited. And I waited. And I waited. And I waited. And  I waited. But not once did Senator Cruz reach out and say, ``Let's work  together to get this  [[Page S1072]]  done,'' which confirmed my suspicions that these unanimous consent  requests are not about passing legislation; they are just about  creating conflict for the sake of conflict.   This legislation was introduced minutes ago, so I am not able to  debate the merits of it on the floor of the Senate right now. It  appears to make a whole bunch of changes to the not-for-profit Security  Grant Program, which the Presiding Officer knows very well, changes  that have little to do with school safety. It seems there are a bunch  of processes changes to the not-for-profit security grant program. That  is probably something worth having a conversation with the chairman of  the committee about before we pass it by unanimous consent.    It makes broad structural changes to title IV, which is a very  important program to schools. They use that money for school security,  but they also use that money for a host of other important programs.  That is probably worth having a conversation with the members of the  Education Committee about.   A very quick look at this bill suggests it likely opens up the use of  those funds to arming teachers in our school. I think that is a  terrible idea.   This is all to say that this isn't how the process works. You don't  drop a piece of legislation on the floor of the Senate and 2 minutes  later demand that the whole Senate pass it. You do that if your intent  is to create conflict for the purposes of publicity. I don't know what  the Senator's intentions are, but if that was your intention, this is  what you would do.   If you were interested in actually passing something, you would have  dialed up the authors of the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act and asked  to be part of that negotiation. You would have reached out to my office  after the objection last year and said: What is your objection? Let's  sit down and do something together.   That is how legislation gets passed in this place. I know because I  have done it on this topic.   I am not saying the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act solved the  problem. I know we have more work to do. I know it because I spend time  with those same families every single week. I know it because I live in  a dangerous neighborhood in South Hartford. I talk to those kids who  have to fear for their life when they go to school. That is why my  purpose for being in the Senate is to work like hell across the aisle,  through compromise, not by coming down here, dropping a bill on the  floor and then immediately demanding that the entire Senate vote for  it. That is not how we save kids' lives--compromising, working toward  compromise, behind the scenes, not always in front of the cameras.   I object.   