 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, Marcy, for her  leadership.   Madam Speaker, I have listened to this debate, and as it has gone on,  I am becoming more and more depressed that we do not have the courage  to continue to support Ukraine. Why? What is going on here?   I want us just to think for a moment about the blood that has been  spilled by the Ukrainians trying to protect their democracy. For more  than almost 2 years now, they have fought every way to protect  themselves. The women and children and men of Ukraine are dying, and we  are sitting here doing nothing.   This is a disgrace. There is no other way to describe it. Holding  Ukraine hostage for an unnecessary change in the asylum laws is  absolutely wrong. Yes, we do need to deal with immigration, but at what  price to Ukraine, at what price to the women, the children, the  incoming missiles from Russia?   Putin is having a glorious day, and we are a disgrace. There is no  other way to describe that the most powerful Nation in the world is  unwilling to stand up to continue to support Ukraine in its hour of  need. Who are we that we are unwilling to do this? Did anybody in this  House actually read H.R. 2, the asylum legislation? Eighty percent of  it is downright foolish.   Is there a compromise available? Absolutely. Who is working on it in  this House? Show me one Member of this House that is working on a  compromise on that. I don't know who they are.   Speaker Johnson, where are you? Where are you hiding? Where is your  leadership? Ukraine is at risk. Think about it. It will be 1\1/2\  months before any legislation will pass this House. If, in fact, we get  our act together over the holidays, what will happen? The Ukrainian  Government depends upon the American money to pay the police, the  firemen, the first responders. They  [[Page H6849]]  won't have that money and the military, the flow of equipment, the flow  of ammunition, it will diminish.   How do they get started? How are they going to replenish? It is time  for us to stand. It is time for us to act. We have 1\1/2\ days to do  it. Can we do it? You are damn right we can do it; if we find the  courage to do it. If we find the very same courage that President  Zelenskyy has exhibited over the last 2 years and, more importantly,  the men and women of Ukraine that are fighting a desperate fight for  their own future.   I wonder if we have the courage. I know I have to stand down. I know  the people of Ukraine will never stand down. The question is whether we  will stand with them.    