 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the chairman from Arkansas,  for his leadership on this effort and for the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the importance of this  resolution, which pushes back on unnecessary and burdensome regulation  that threatens the livelihoods of people throughout rural America. I  introduced the House version earlier this year, and I am proud to see  the Senate version passed the Senate earlier, and we are finally now  coming to the House today.   The designation of the lesser prairie-chicken as ``threatened'' in  places like Kansas is unacceptable, and this rule should have no force  or effect until Congress is consulted.   Farmers, ranchers, and agriculture producers are American heroes.  They are the backbone of America, and they are working tirelessly every  day to keep us all fed while dealing with the burdens of inflation,  drought, and market fluctuations. The last thing they need is the  Federal Government handcuffing them with senseless red tape.   One southwest Kansas rancher recently told me that he spotted a  lesser prairie-chicken on one of his pastures where his cattle were  grazing. He did the right thing and reported that, and then he had to  move all the cattle from not only that pasture but the adjoining  pastures adjacent to it, just because U.S. Fish and Wildlife recorded  that bird.   The truth is, Kansas producers have voluntarily conserved more than  40,000 acres of habitat for the lesser prairie-chicken through both  private investment and conservation programs at the U.S. Department of  Agriculture. The population of the lesser prairie-chicken rises and  falls with rainfall, not the normal activity of farmers and ranchers.   Last year, we were in a historic drought throughout the Great Plains.  It is obviously affecting the lesser prairie-chicken population and  also the wheat harvest, which was devastatingly small this year.   Big Government doesn't need to step in and force farmers and ranchers  to upend their operations for the sake of this bird, whose population  is predicted to bounce back on its own with rainfall as it did in 2016  after another devastating drought in 2013.    Make no mistake, the lesser prairie-chicken is being used as a proxy  in the administration's war on fossil fuel and production agriculture.  [[Page H4047]]    With this vote today, we can either stand for Big Government  overregulation that puts producers out of business, or we can stand  with producers' rights to private property and self-determination.   Mr. Speaker, I know where I stand, and I urge my colleagues to  support this resolution.   