 Mr. President, would the Senator yield for a question?    I just want to ask the Senator from Oklahoma--9,000 a  day. I had to get out my calculator to figure out what that means. Are  you talking about 3 million, 3.285 million----   --a year----   --if the current rate----    Mr. President, here we are, 16 days before the end of the  fiscal year, and the Senate has finally begun--we are not finishing; we  are just beginning--taking up the annual appropriations process.   Just to remind everybody, there are 12 individual appropriations  bills. There is no time for us to finish this process before the end of  the fiscal year, which is actually part of the majority leader's plan.  He never intended to have a normal process by which the appropriations  bills would be considered because what we call the regular order around  here means you take them up one at a time, all 12. It is a transparent,  open process where the American people can see it, where every  Senator--all 100 Senators--gets to participate in crafting those bills.  If they believe the spending needs to be cut in a certain area, they  can offer an amendment to do that. If we need different priorities in  the spending bills, well, you can do that by offering an amendment and  getting it passed.   Earlier today, the Senate voted 91 to 7 to begin debating this  legislation that funds military construction projects and supports  America's veterans. This bill is important because it bolsters our  military readiness by investing in new and existing facilities at our  military bases around the world. That includes, in Texas, places like  Fort Bliss, Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland, and Fort Cavazos. It also  helps us fulfill the promise we made to America's veterans by investing  in mental health care, telehealth, housing, and other critical  services.   Today, Texas is the proud home of 1\1/2\ million veterans, and this  is one important way we keep our commitment and honor their service and  the many sacrifices they have made for our country.   This legislation passed the Appropriations Committee earlier this  summer with unanimous support. Every Democrat, every Republican voted  for it--all 28 members. But this is just 1 of 12 funding bills the  committee passed this summer with strong bipartisan support.   Earlier this week, the majority leader, the Senator from New York,  spoke about the Senate appropriations process thus far, and he referred  to it as ``the gold standard in good governance.'' When I read that, I  nearly fell out of my chair. He calls this process, which is doomed to  failure because of his refusal to bring these bills to the floor on a  timely basis, the gold standard of good governance.   Given the fact that we are 16 days from a government shutdown unless  the House and the Senate can agree on a continuing resolution, I would  say this is far from the ``gold standard.'' As a matter of fact, I  think you could say we have sunk about as far as we can.   But it is important to remember that this funding deadline didn't  surprise us. It didn't pop up out of nowhere. It arrives every year on  September 30. So the majority leader had plenty of time to plan,  prepare, and to carve out time to pass all 12 appropriations bills,  just like the rules contemplate. But here we are, September 14, 16 days  ahead of the funding deadline, and the Senate has not passed a single  funding bill for the government.   If the majority leader's gold standard comment had been in reference  to the committee process, I would have agreed with him. The  Appropriations Committee did their job. Senator Murray, the chair of  the Appropriations Committee, Senator Collins, the ranking member, and  all 28 Senators on a bipartisan basis did their job on a timely basis-- the first time they have done that in 5 years. But the committee's  productivity was no accident. The chair and vice chair of the  committee, Senator Murray and Senator Collins, promised to return to  regular order, and that is exactly what they delivered.   Our colleagues on the Appropriations Committee worked across the  aisle, which is the way you are supposed to work around here, to pass  all of these bills by the end of July. They put the Senate in a strong  position to debate, vote, amend, and then finally pass appropriations  bills before the end of this month. So the committee process certainly  was the gold standard of good governance, but that outstanding product  has been squandered. You might even say this whole process was designed  to fail because the majority leader refused to bring those bills to the  floor on a timely basis.   Let's look at the MILCON-VA--Military Construction-VA--funding bill  as an example. This legislation was approved by the committee on June  22, more than 2\1/2\ months ago. The majority leader, the Senator from  New York, could have brought this legislation to the floor anytime  between then, June 22, and now. He could have said, well, this is  important work, so we maybe need to shorten the Senate's 2-week recess  for the Fourth of July so we can get our work done, or he could have  scheduled a vote during the July 4th period instead of working on  nominations.   He could have canceled or--my preference would have been--delayed the  5-week August recess. If we had to cut that back to 4 weeks, do you  think anybody would have suffered? Well, it would have given us an  extra week to actually get our work done. But that didn't happen.   He could have adjusted the Senate work schedule in any number of ways  and would have gotten cooperation from the minority leader, Senator  McConnell, because we all understand--or at least most of us  understand--the importance of getting our work done on a timely basis.  But, as we know, none of that happened.   Days, weeks, months have passed as the Senate did nothing--nothing-- to advance any of the 12 bipartisan appropriations bills. And I want to  be just crystal clear: It didn't have to be that way.   Again, this end-of-the-fiscal-year deadline is not a surprise to any  of us. It is not as if the appropriations bills weren't ready on time-- they were--or that the Senate has been preoccupied with other  priorities. The majority leader is the only person who can set the  agenda of the Senate. He is the only one who could call up these bills  and schedule a vote, but he has done nothing but squandered the  opportunity.   I know that many of our colleagues are frustrated that the Senate has  not obtained consent to consider two additional funding bills as part  of a so-called minibus, bundling three bills together, but that is the  rule. Rule XVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate requires a unanimous  consent vote before you can bundle those individual appropriations  bills together. But the majority leader knew that. He knew what the  Senate rules were, and all along he was taking the risk that one  Senator--maybe a handful of Senators--would want to consider the bills  one at a time, which is the normal process. It is just not normal to do  it starting 16 days before the end of the fiscal year.   Well, while the majority leader has preached the virtues of regular  order,  [[Page S4515]]  he has refused to actually engage in a process where we can be  successful. As a matter of fact, he knows, by delaying the  appropriations bills to this point, that we will not be successful  because he has undermined it; he has sabotaged it.   Now, you might ask: Why would the majority leader do that? Well, two  reasons. One is when you do a continuing resolution, it actually  maximizes the power of the leadership because they are the ones that  actually negotiate it, and then rank-and-file Members get to vote up or  down. But the other reason he did it was because he wants to point to  the House and claim that somehow they are trying to shut down the  government.   Now, admittedly, the House is having their challenges, but Speaker  McCarthy has pulled a rabbit out of the hat more than once this year,  and I am hoping he can do so again. But if we do have a shutdown  because the House and the Senate can't agree, it will be a Schumer  shutdown--a Schumer shutdown.   Well, Members on both sides of the aisle want an opportunity to  participate in the process. They want an opportunity to shape this  legislation, even at this late hour, to do as much as we can in the  truncated time that the majority leader has allowed us. So I urge the  leader to let the Senate vote on this underlying bill, the MILCON-VA  bill. It is important. We shouldn't act like it is a throwaway or  inconsequential. We ought to do our work, even under the impossible  timeframe that the majority leader has given us.   I think it is dangerous when Congress circumvents the normal process  when it comes to funding the government. It is no secret that our debt  is about 100 percent of our GDP. We are going to spend more money just  paying interest to bondholders on our debt that is at some point more  than we spend on national defense. Interest rates are high, we know,  because the Federal Reserve is fighting inflation caused by too much  reckless spending, but, as a result, we are also paying more money to  our creditors to finance our national debt. And I think that is another  symptom of the broken system by which we fund the government.   It has become all too common for short-term funding bills and large  spending packages to be negotiated by a handful of leaders and rushed  through both Chambers before the clock runs out. There is a growing  sense of frustration among Members of this body on both sides of the  aisle and a strong appetite to return to a normal, regular,  transparent, participatory process, one that will give us at least a  chance to try to get our fiscal house in better shape. But we have no  chance to do that when, in essence, the majority leader creates an  emergency situation, claims that he is the gold standard, and tries to  blame the House and say they want a shutdown.   Well, I am not for a shutdown. I agree with the Senator from  Oklahoma. The same problems that cause you to shut down the government  are always there staring you in the face when you reopen. So we need to  do our work. We need to solve those problems and avoid a shutdown, but  it is really hard to do when the majority leader of the U.S. Senate,  the only one who can schedule votes on the floor and the agenda of the  Senate, sabotages the process.   The majority leader has purposely wasted more than 80 days that could  have been spent debating funding bills and left the Senate with only  two options: shut down the government or kick the can down the road  with a continuing resolution. Of course, that is just a temporary  measure, and then, when that expires, we have to deal with the  consequences of that by figuring out, OK, how do we continue to fund  the government at some appropriate level.   He knows we can't move 12 appropriations bills through the Senate and  the House in the next 16 days, so this exercise will certainly end with  another spending bill that is crafted at the last minute and jammed  through both Houses. If this is the gold standard for anything, it is a  gold standard for political theater. This is drama scripted by the  majority leader. He is trying to put on a show or, I would say, a  pretense of regular order in the Senate so he won't get the blame if  the government shuts down; he can blame his political opponents in the  House.   Well, suffice it to say, I am disappointed we find ourselves where we  do, especially in light of the hard work done by our colleagues on the  Appropriations Committee. They have done their job, but the majority  leader has blown that up.   This is not an accident. This is by design. If the government shuts  down at the end of the month, the majority leader won't be able to  escape the blame for what will be a Schumer shutdown. Despite the  political theater and the Kabuki dance, he will have to own that  shutdown because he will have been the primary author of it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   