 Madam President, I am happy and proud to join my  senior Senator in congratulating our friend Mark Hayward, the District  Director of the Small Business Administration in Rhode Island, on his  very well-deserved retirement after serving at SBA for more than 40  years. It is a really remarkable career.   In that time, as Jack said, Mark strengthened small businesses all  across the Ocean State and created economic opportunity for Rhode  Islanders from every community and background.   He was so well regarded within the SBA that he was actually called  down to Washington for a detail to help break in a new Small Business  Administrator who needed to learn the ropes. The person that the  organization trusted to get her going and working in a good way was  Mark Hayward. Of course, he came back to New England and back to Rhode  Island.   Jack mentioned Mark's role in the pandemic. He had actually told us  he was planning to retire before the pandemic, but he couldn't walk  away from what was happening. So he went to  [[Page S5704]]  work to make sure that Rhode Island did a good job in the pandemic.   It was not easy. These were big new programs that we had created, and  implementing them and getting the money to flow smoothly through the  banks and undoing the clogs that emerged and the different errors that  were experienced was a big project.   Mark made Rhode Island a model of good implementation of our pandemic  response. Other SBA offices around the country looked to what he was  doing and modeled on that.   It was just a pretty gallant and wonderful thing that he was willing  to remain at the helm through that difficult period, to work through  these big programs and make them succeed and to help small businesses  across our State through a period of real financial uncertainty and  peril. Mark and his team delivered much needed Federal funding to  businesses in every community, often providing a lifeline that allowed  small business owners to keep their doors open and to keep their people  on the payroll.   That pandemic reinforced what we already knew about Mark. He knows  Rhode Island's small businesses better than anybody, he is determined  to be helpful, and he will stand up and rise to the occasion when the  demand is there for his skills.   So I join Jack in congratulating our friend Mark on an incredible  run. We thank you, sir, for your dedication to lifting up small  businesses across Rhode Island and for your commitment to public  service. We have loved working with you.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I am delighted to have the chance to  follow my senior Senator to add a few words about Bill Middendorf and  celebrate the fact that the newest Arleigh Burke-class missile  destroyer of the U.S. Navy will be named the USS J. William Middendorf.   Bill was Secretary of the Navy and U.S. Ambassador--a very  distinguished career. If you go back to the time that he was Secretary  of the Navy, the sequence was Paul Ignatius, who went on to become  President of the Washington Post and an Assistant and Under Secretary  of the Army; followed by John Chafee of Rhode Island, who went on to  serve with great distinction in the U.S. Senate; followed by, if I  recall correctly, John Warner, who became a very distinguished Senator  representing Virginia; and then in that line came Ambassador  Middendorf. So, clearly, the name selection follows an impressive  tradition of service by some impressive Navy Secretaries.   Ambassador Middendorf was born in Baltimore, actually, and served in  World War II as a naval engineer officer and navigator, and, after a  successful business career, he was appointed U.S. Ambassador to the  Netherlands in 1969 and then served as Under Secretary of the Navy.   In 1974, Ambassador Middendorf was appointed by President Nixon to  serve as the 62nd Secretary of the Navy, and, in that capacity, he did  something very important for Rhode Island, which was to champion the  Navy's submarine program, including overseeing the creation of General  Dynamics Electric Boat's Quonset Point location, a facility which  Senator Reed has done so much to make a powerful economic engine in  Rhode Island and a powerful shipbuilding facility to make sure that  America's power overseas is at its apex.   This Quonset Point facility is a very important legacy, and I am  delighted to join my senior Senator in wishing Ambassador Middendorf-- Secretary Middendorf--congratulations on the keel laying and, very  soon, a happy 100th birthday.   I yield the floor.   