 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, on October 7, the State of Israel was treacherously  attacked by the terrorist group Hamas. They murdered 1,200 peaceful  people, many of them at a musical festival, some from Kibbutz Nir Oz  near the border. They kidnapped 250 people illegally, of course, and  took them into Gaza.   We know that some of them have been released in a deal that was made,  one of them was an American Israeli named Abigail, just 4 years old.  She was kept together with three other hostages and was given one piece  of pita, Middle East bread, for the four of them per day. When they  came home, they had to be deloused. Their hair and their clothes were  full of lice, and they said that if they had to go to the bathroom,  they had to wait 2 hours.   Mr. Speaker, Hamas has said over and over again, they will attack  over and over again, again and again until Israel is no more. When  people demand a cease-fire, we should think what we would have thought  about people demanding a cease-fire 7 or 8 weeks after Pearl Harbor. A  cease-fire would simply permit Hamas to regroup and to attack Israel  again and again and again, which they have told us they would do.   By the way, there had been cease-fires. There have been four cease- fires, every one of which Hamas broke, including breaking a cease-fire  on October 7.   One of the hostages who was taken was a fellow named Danny Elgarat,  brother of Yitzchak Elgarat. I want to read what Danny said about that.   He said, ``My name is Danny, Danny Elgarat. Around 10:30 a.m., my  brother calls me, my brother, Yitzchak Elgarat. He lives in Kibbutz Nir  Oz. He tells me that his hand is crushed, flooded with blood. He was  hysterical and stressed, and I didn't quite understand what was going  on with him, and I tried to guide him how to apply a tourniquet to stop  the blood.   ``Suddenly, while I am still trying to guide him, I hear screams in  the background and shouts. Then Itzik, my brother Itzik, shouts `Danny,  it's the end. It's the end,' and our call is cut off.   ``Afterwards we checked the matter of Itzik's phone, the location of  the phone. We found out that his phone is located in Gaza, the center  of the city of Gaza.    ``When he would come back to us, we would sit in the porch with a  good glass of Whiskey and we would say it was just a bad dream.''   Mr. Speaker, I pray for Yitzhak and all the remaining hostages who  were so barbarically taken from their families. Bring them home and  defeat Hamas so they can't do this again and again and again.   