 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the  House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Johnson for his  leadership. Mr. Johnson is focused. He is an individual who is bringing  this whole body forward, and I look forward to working with him  continually on these issues.   There is a saying, we all know it, the truth shall set you free. The  accusations made against the Bidens more than require an investigation.  These accusations have painted a picture of corruption, bribery, and  shameful behavior unbecoming of our executive branch.   Let's talk about them a little bit.   Bank records obtained by the Oversight Committee reveal almost $20  million in payments directed to Biden's associates and family.   These aren't Republican talking points. These aren't Jeff Van Drew  talking points. This is the reality of what we have already found.   Over 150 transactions involving the Bidens have been flagged as  ``suspicious activity.'' That is not only by the banks, but also the  Treasury Department.   President Biden himself participated in phone calls with his son,  Hunter--it is a fact--effectively acting as the merchandise that was  being sold by his son, Hunter, who was the salesman. They closed deals,  and we want to know what they are about: calls that led to the  funneling of millions of dollars to Hunter and other Biden family  members and Hunter's associates.   The list goes on and on and on. I am only touching the surface. This  is more than enough to garner the extra powers granted from an  impeachment inquiry. Our goal is to get to the truth.   As I said in the beginning of this conversation, the truth shall set  you free. If there is nothing for them to worry about, they should  welcome an impeachment inquiry. They should welcome producing the  records, and they should welcome producing the statements. It is just  the truth that we want.   We have a mission, a duty, and a responsibility. Our duty is to  restore the American people's faith in our institutions. Our mission is  to reaffirm that no one person, no one group is ever above the law in  the United States of America.   This inquiry will move forward, with full transparency and steadfast  resolve. If there is nothing here to hide, there is nothing here to  worry about. If the allegations are confirmed, there will be, and needs  to be justice.   