 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my resolution,  H. Res. 848, urging all Americans, especially those who have worn the  uniform, to reach out and connect with a fellow warrior.   In my 26 years of service, 22 of which I spent as a Navy SEAL, I have  forged unbreakable bonds that only those who have served truly  understand. These bonds are not predicated on politics. They are based  solely on service over self. I don't ever recall asking a fellow  servicemember what party they were affiliated with, only if they could  perform the duties that were expected of them by their fellow  Americans.   During my service, I bore witness to the greatest virtues that can be  attributed to the human condition. I have also witnessed the profound  sense of sorrow when we lost one of our own.   Among those whom we lost is my friend and former teammate, Navy SEAL  Ryan Larkin, who tragically took his own life on April 23, 2017. Ryan's  story speaks to the silent battles faced by many servicemembers and our  veterans.   However, out of that darkness that is Ryan's loss, the Warrior Call  resolution was born. It was inspired by Ryan's father, Frank Larkin, a  former Navy SEAL and the 40th Sergeant At Arms of the United States  Senate. His sincere wish is that no parent, spouse, friend, or teammate  should ever again have to experience the loss of a loved one due to  suicide. This resolution reflects the ongoing need to support those who  grapple with isolation and mental health challenges.   Every year, our Nation sets aside a day for the men and women who  gave their lives for freedom, and that is Memorial Day. For those who  previously defended our freedoms, that is Veterans Day. For those who  are currently defending our freedoms, that is Armed Forces Day.   This resolution serves a different purpose. It pays tribute to those  we have lost by trying to prevent those who have come through the  crucible of service from taking their own lives.   Every day, over 20 veterans commit suicide. We have lost more  veterans to suicide in the last 10 years than we have in the cumulative  total of all combat losses during the Vietnam war. We are doing  something wrong, and it is time for a change.   Preventing veteran suicide is my number one legislative priority in  terms of the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee on the Veterans' Affairs  Committee being led by Chairman Bost. I am thankful to my fellow  Members from both sides of the aisle and Ranking Member Levin for  showing such commitment to this noble cause.   We know that one of the first outward signs of suicidal ideation is  self-isolation, and that is why it is so critical that our veterans get  involved in veterans service organizations and the VA itself.  Nevertheless, not all Americans have access to VSOs or the VA, and this  resolution empowers them to help end the scourge that is veteran  suicide by simply picking up the phone and checking in with a warrior  they have in their life, whether it is a brother, sister, friend, or  neighbor, and have an honest conversation with them.   They will let them know that they are important to them and that they  truly do value the veteran's sacrifice. It puts meaning behind the oft- spoken phrase: ``Thank you for your service.''   I acknowledge that there is a lot more work to be done with the VA,  with the Transition Assistance Program, and in how medical and mental  health services are provided. We are working on those every day. They  take time, but we can do this now.   If we can put aside our differences and understand that by passing  this resolution we could save even a single veteran's life, then all  the time we spend here arguing with each other just might be worth it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support my resolution to recognize  the selfless gift these individuals have given us.   