 Madam President, I rise today to urge the Senate to do  more for Americans who have suffered from the aftereffects of the  development of our nuclear arsenal. It is profoundly disappointing to  see that the necessary updates to the Radiation Exposure Compensation  Act, spearheaded by Senators Lujan, Hawley, Schmitt, and myself, were  not included in the conference report of the National Defense  Authorization Act.   When America developed the atom bomb through the Manhattan Project  and tested those weapons through the Trinity tests, our country  unknowingly poisoned those who mined, transported, and milled uranium,  those who participated in nuclear testing, and those who lived downwind  of the tests.   Don Harrison was one of those who lived downwind. Born in Emmett, ID,  Don was born in 1931 and graduated from Emmett High School in 1949. He  served in the U.S. Army from 1950 to 1953, came back to Emmett to marry  the love of his life Donna, and worked as a farmer, dairy deliveryman,  mechanic, and truckdriver to provide for his nine children.   His family describes him as a loving father who taught the values of  hard work and integrity and to see the worth and light in others. But  because Emmett received the third most radiation from being downwind of  the Trinity tests, Don Harrison lived on poisoned ground. He ended up  contracting basal cell carcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma, colon  cancer, prostate cancer, and lung cancer and eventually passed away in  2018.   His daughter Vonnie shared his story with the Idaho Downwinders, with  my staff, and me in the hopes of finally  [[Page S5943]]  righting the wrongs of leaving downwinders behind. Don Harrison was one  of the thousands in Gem County, ID, alone and beyond who were  unfortunately living in an area downwind of the Trinity tests.   This is not a matter just affecting conservative or liberal States.  The bipartisan nature of the RECA updates is because it affects people  regardless of political affiliation.   To be clear, the government's test of nuclear weapons caused this. It  is our solemn duty to compensate those who have suffered because of  these tests. The RECA amendments ensure that those who live downwind of  the tests receive compensation from the government and provide support  to uranium miners who worked during the Cold War.   I have worked with my colleagues for the past 13 years to attempt to  right these wrongs, and July's vote to include RECA amendments in the  Senate version of the National Defense Authorization Act shows the  widespread bipartisan support to help those who have suffered. But it  is frustrating and discouraging that bipartisan support from both  Chambers of Congress still cannot get this legislation enacted into  law.   While this speech is unlikely to bring the necessary updates back  into consideration with this conference report, I am committed to  working with my colleagues to update RECA to better reflect the  realities of nuclear testing.   I thank Senators Lujan and Hawley and Representatives Moylan and  Leger Fernandez for their tireless work, as well as the countless  advocates who have shared their stories to achieve this necessary goal.   This fight is not over, and I look forward to the day when we can  celebrate the necessary updates and commemorate those who did not live  to see it.   I yield the floor.   