 Scott Franklin, and Ms. Wasserman  Schultz. I thank Chairman Thompson and Ranking Member   David Scott for  their assistance in moving this bill to the floor in a fairly expedited  fashion.   The bill authorizes the Department of Agriculture to utilize block  grants to provide funding to States and territories to assist  agricultural producers with losses due to natural disasters in the  calendar year 2022. This does not address future disaster assistance.  It simply allows USDA to get the money already appropriated to  producers in our home States sooner, although we should look at that  going forward as a longer-term reform.   Why is this important? Hurricane Ian devastated both southwest and  central Florida. A category 4 storm hitting on September 28 of last  year, it was tied for the fifth strongest hurricane ever to make  landfall in the United States.   Less than 2 months later, on November 10, 2022, Hurricane Nicole made  landfall near Vero Beach, Florida. Nicole devastated parts of our east  coast.   The devastation was horrific, and the impact on Florida citrus and  other segments of our agriculture industry has been devastating. My  colleagues from Florida and other impacted areas were grateful for  Congress' support in the omnibus.   However, with losses to the citrus industry of somewhere between $416  million and $675 million, we need help quicker for these losses. The  citrus industry is responsible for $6.8 billion in revenue and 33,000  jobs in Florida, including in Florida's Ninth Congressional District.  Our Florida Department of Citrus and Department of Agriculture and  Consumer Services have utilized the block grant authority previously to  help deliver assistance to our cattle and timber producers, as well.  However, the money hasn't gotten there yet.   I applaud our Agriculture Secretary Vilsack for making a promise. He  came down to Polk County in central Florida, met with citrus growers,  and promised them he would get the money to these hard-fighting growers  throughout central and south Florida.   He also came to the Agriculture Committee, as my colleague Mrs.  Cammack mentioned already, making that same promise, if we gave him the  statutory authority to do that. Today, on the House floor, we made good  on our role in helping Secretary Vilsack's promise.   Citrus faces a lot of challenges. Citrus greening continues to wreak  havoc on our yields. We have new and promising pesticides that are  working out, but we have a long way to go to get back to the heyday of  the mid-2000s.   Citrus is also America's vitamin C source. We can't afford to export  this critical set of nutrients to foreign producers. We need to protect  it right here at home. This iconic Florida crop is critical for now and  into the future.   Madam Speaker, I stand here today and ask my colleagues to support  this  [[Page H2805]]  critical bill and join me in voting ``yes'' on H.R. 662. I reserve the  balance of my time.    Scott Franklin).    SCOTT FRANKLIN of Florida. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of  my bill, H.R. 662, the Block Grant Assistance Act.    This bill authorizes the Department of Agriculture to provide funding  via block grants to States and territories to assist agricultural  producers who suffered losses due to natural disasters that occurred in  calendar year 2022.   More than 90 percent of all Florida citrus production was wiped out  by Hurricanes Ian and Nicole in 2022, totaling over 375,000 acres  impacted. It is not just a single season loss. The thousands of new  trees that must be planted to replace those that were lost will not  yield fruit for 3 to 5 years. The Florida Department of Agriculture and  Consumer Services expects these devastating losses to cost as much as  $675 million.   Congress did its part, passing supplemental disaster relief back in  December, $3.7 billion to be exact. This money was set aside to assist  recoveries from the consequences of droughts, wildfires, hurricanes,  floods, tornadoes, winter storms, and a host of other disasters that  struck Americans throughout the country last year. However, previous  disaster bills that assisted and addressed similar losses included  explicit discretionary language and authority to the Secretary of  Agriculture to deliver assistance via block grants. Unfortunately, the  omnibus bill from last December did not include this needed authority  language.   Failure to provide this authority will result in longer delays in  distributing relief to a citrus industry already devastated by invasive  diseases and trade disadvantages. In fact, 8 months after the  hurricanes, not a penny of Emergency Relief Program funds have been  disbursed to anyone, especially our citrus growers. They simply cannot  continue to absorb blow after blow, especially when we can provide the  needed assistance quickly. Without this authority, there is a real  threat in Florida that our citrus groves will go under, and vital  agricultural land will be ceded to developers at fire sale prices.   Madam Speaker, this bill does not appropriate any new funds. There is  no additional expense to taxpayers. It simply gives the USDA the  ability to quickly disburse already appropriated disaster relief funds  via block grants. The Congressional Budget Office has reviewed it, and  it will have zero impact on our Federal budget. The money is there. We  just need to get it to the folks who need it now before it is too late.   In a recent Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug  Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee hearing, Secretary  Vilsack acknowledged the critical need for disaster relief and agreed  that this is a viable solution. The USDA inspector general also  testified to us in an oversight hearing that, historically, disaster  block grants have been a highly effective tool in delivering much- needed relief in a quick and efficient manner.   I thank Representative Kat Cammack, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Darren  Soto, and the rest of my Florida colleagues who unanimously joined this  effort. Senators Scott and Rubio have a Senate companion bill, as well.   Madam Speaker, this is not just a Florida concern. I am honored to  represent Florida's 18th Congressional District, which is home to more  than 70 percent of Florida's citrus industry, so, yes, this is near and  dear to me. My constituents are suffering. They sent me here to  Washington to be their voice and to fight for them.   This bill also helps secure relief for more than just those who earn  their living from citrus. In addition to other Florida ag producers who  were devastated last year, this bill impacts agricultural communities  all across the country who were affected by disasters in 2022.   I extend my thanks to my colleagues in the Texas, California, and  Washington delegations for their bipartisan cosponsorship of this much- needed adjustment. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill.   