 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, through the Belt and Road Initiative, the BRI,  the Chinese Communist Party has been spreading its malign influence  over the last decade. This initiative has one goal: to increase China's  economic and political dominance over the United States and the world.   Disguised as harmless global infrastructure, transportation, and  production networks, the Belt and Road Initiative, or the BRI, is  anything but harmless.   Education is one of the primary targets of the BRI. They are  succeeding in their mission to indoctrinate American students with  their Communist ideals. Chinese state media even brags about the  success of Confucius Institutes and other educational initiatives in  spreading the CCP's influence.   This doesn't stop on our college campuses. Right now, China is  invading our K-12 schools through Confucius Classrooms. Over the last  decade or more, the CCP has infiltrated our public school system,  setting up Chinese language and cultural programs in primary and  secondary schools.   These Confucius Classrooms are funded by the Chinese Government, both  directly and through Confucius Institutes and other third parties. Make  no mistake, this is not through the kindness of their hearts. The CCP  is not interested at all in helping American students learn Mandarin.  They want to brainwash our children, plain and simple.   Since 2013, the authoritarian Government of the People's Republic of  China has sent curriculum and PRC-trained teachers into hundreds of K- 12 schools across America as an unofficial component of its global  influence campaign.   The CCP has committed countless violations of human rights, and its  authoritarian agenda is antithetical to the democratic principles our  country was founded on. Chinese propaganda has no place in our  education system.   We have taken important steps toward mitigating Chinese influence at  American universities by cracking down on Confucius Institutes. Now  that the Chinese Government has directed its attention toward  elementary and secondary schools, it is time we do the same and protect  our children from the malign influence of the CCP.   My amendment would prevent Federal funding for these Confucius  Classrooms.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I appreciate the gentlewoman recognizing that  these institutions are closing down in record numbers. It must be that  the school systems are so successful at identifying these that States  have cleansed out a lot of their higher education Confucius Institutes.  That tells you right there that the Chinese Government has been very  persistent in getting after educating our younger students across  America.   We should have more love for our students at our secondary and  elementary schools. Again, higher education across America has  understood the influence that the Chinese Government has tried to do in  making their impact on the American economy.    When you see what they have done across the world, it doesn't take a  whole lot of research--look at Wikipedia, if you would like, to see  what they have done in nations across the world as they try to express  their influence and take over the world.   It would be very naive of us--and I know the chairwoman knows this-- to sit back and allow this to happen one school at a time. We have a  lot of other issues in America that we need to address in our education  system, and not allowing the Chinese Government to take over our  elementary schools will simply be a very easy fix for us. That is what  my amendment does.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    With all due respect, Madam Chair, Italy is not trying to  conquer our Nation.   The Department of Education and the Department of State have sent a  letter to schools urging them not to participate in these programs.  Confucius Classrooms have been set up in several countries, including  Australia and Canada, where state and local governments have canceled  their contracts over concern about Chinese propaganda.   With all due respect to the ranking member on the other side, we are  not talking about simply teaching language. We are talking about  teaching the Chinese way of how to take over a government from the  inside out.   We see enough of what is coming across the southern border and not  knowing who is here. When we have the ability to control these issues  through the legislative process, we should take our time to do that.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment No. 111.   Almost 3 years ago, Congress passed the No Surprises Act to protect  patients from surprise medical bills. A key provision in the No  Surprises Act is to provide patients with an advanced explanation of  their benefits. It is straightforward. It is a cost estimate. If a  patient books a healthcare appointment with adequate notice, then they  deserve to know a cost estimate for their services before they get  care.   This amendment reinforces the need for the Biden administration to  implement this provision. We are going on 3 years here, and no progress  has been made.   Last week, all of my Republican colleagues on the Ways and Means  Committee and I sent the third--third--oversight letter to the Biden  administration demanding that they follow the law.   It is an absolute failure of this administration to delay  implementation of this technology. Considering American families'  current economic struggles, anything to help with financial planning  should be a priority.   Knowing how much health services will cost removes some anxiety  patients face when seeking medical care. Patients are nervous about  their test results. There is no reason for the added anxiety of not  knowing how much a service will cost them, too.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   