 Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been  present, I would have voted ``AYE'' on rollcall No. 679.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Utah. I couldn't  think of a better person to serve as vice chair.   Mr. Speaker, the Democrat from Maryland, who is also the ranking  member of the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability, is  claiming hypocrisy when talking about Hunter Biden not being asked to  testify publicly, but rather to testify behind closed doors.   If you want to talk about hypocrisy, the ranking member should find a  mirror because when the Democrats were in the majority and they wanted  President Trump and his American allies to testify, they wanted to have  them testify behind closed doors.   To be honest, I don't think Hunter Biden wants to testify publicly  because he is going to have to explain quite a bit.   First of all, what business were you in? What product or service did  you provide or sell?   I think he would also have to explain why he got $24 million, and  counting, from sleazy foreign businessmen, oligarchs, and corrupt  politicians.   He will have to explain why Yelena Baturina, who was married to Yuri  Luzhkov, who has now passed away and was the mayor of Moscow--he was  described by Michael McFaul, the U.S. Ambassador to Russia under Barack  Obama, as the poster child of corruption.   Yelena Baturina gave Hunter Biden, Joe's son, $3.5 million. Then,  interestingly enough, a few months later had dinner with Joe Biden, the  then sitting Vice President.   When President Biden's administration sanctioned some Russian  oligarchs, she was conveniently left off the public list.   What did Hunter Biden do for Ms. Baturina?   We don't know.   What about Kazakhstani nationals, Kenes Rashikev and Karim Massimov?   Massimov used to be the Prime Minister, he is now in jail. His right- hand man is Rashikev. Rashikev wired to Hunter Biden $142,300. The very  next day, Hunter happened to purchase a Porsche in New Jersey for--say  it with me now--$142,300. His own business partner, Devon Archer and  best friend at the time, had no idea why he got that money. We don't  know either.   We would like to ask him privately and publicly why? What did you do  for them?   Mr. Speaker, interestingly enough, those two gentlemen also had  dinner with none other than sitting Vice President Joe Biden and his  son Hunter. Coincidence?   Scratch your head.   How about Vadym Pozharsky and Mykola Zlochevsky? Who are these guys?   One is the CFO, and one is the CEO of Burisma, which was an energy  company out of Ukraine. They hired Hunter Biden, the then son of the  sitting Vice President, to be on their board of directors. They paid  him a million dollars a year. They paid him and Devon Archer in total  nearly $3.5 million.   What experience did Hunter Biden have in the energy sector prior to  that hiring?   I would like him to answer that question. We know the answer, which  is none. Zero. Bubkes. He was given all that money. Why?   We have an FD-1023. What is that?   That is a form for confidential informants that the FBI agents fill  out when they have human sources that give them information. It just so  happens that this informant--because an FD-1023 is only as good as the  source--and this source, according to the FBI, was impeccable. They  have been working with him for 10 years and giving him hundreds of  thousands of dollars. Every bit of information he has ever given them  has checked out.    What did he say?   He said that Hunter Biden received a $5 million bribe and so did his  father, Joe. It makes sense because why? Who gave him the bribe?   It was Mykola Zlochevsky, the CEO of Burisma.   Why did he need to give him $10 million?   Because he wanted to get the prosecutor in Ukraine off his back. What  happened?   We know what happened because Joe Biden bragged about it. He got that  prosecutor fired. He withheld a billion dollars of loan guarantees to  Ukraine until he was fired.   What was that prosecutor doing? I don't know. He was going after  Zlochevsky. He seized two homes, a Porsche, and a plot of land that he  owned. He did get fired a few months thereafter and Ukraine got their  billion dollars.   That prosecutor, when he was fired, the President of Ukraine called  Joe Biden and said: Hey, he has done nothing wrong. In fact, we were  happy with the job he was doing. You wanted him fired, so he is gone.  It all fits together, these pieces of the puzzle.   We would ask him about the WhatsApp message that wasn't supposed to  be released. He said: I am sitting here with my dad. He was shaking  down a Chinese businessman.   Was he really with his dad or was he lying to that fellow? Is he  lying to us now?   We don't know.   Will he give up his geolocation?   When you got these phones now, they know where you are. If you  voluntarily give it up, we can find out for sure.   Was he with his dad at that moment?   We don't know.   Will he do that?   Mr. Speaker, what the American people need to know, once and for all  is: Is the President of the United States corrupt? Is he compromised?  Is he a national security threat?  [[Page H5977]]    The Committee on Oversight and Accountability, at least on the  Republican side, is going to find that out for the American people to  make sure justice is served.   