 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 3, S.J.  Res. 4.    I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 22.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum calls  for the cloture motions filed today, April 25, be waived.    Now, Mr. President, for months, the American people have  demanded House Republicans stop their hostage-taking and show us a plan  to avoid default.   Last week, House Republicans failed in their assignment yet again.  Speaker McCarthy rolled out a wish list straight out of the Freedom  Caucus playbook. It might as well be called the ``Default on America  Act'' because that is exactly what it is: DOA.   Instead of doing what both sides have done many times before-- avoiding default without preconditions--Speaker McCarthy and House  Republicans want to force working Americans to accept either a punch to  the gut or a blow to the head. Either the United States defaults on  national debt for the first time in American history or MAGA  Republicans get their way and America defaults on everything else--on  our future and our security, on our promise to care for veterans and  law enforcement and the American middle class. Either way, Republicans  are promising real pain for American families when they bring their  Default on America Act to the House floor this week. According to one  study by Moody's Analytics, the DOA could send us into a damaging  recession.    So let me say it one more time. What Republicans released last week  was not so much a plan as it was a threat to default on America. Either  we default on the national debt or we default on everything else  through extreme cuts that will harm millions of people. That is so  unpopular with the American people that the Republican House has had to  hide it.  [[Page S1323]]    For all of the GOP's lipservice about public safety, the House DOA  Act defaults on America's law enforcement and first responders. Nearly  30,000 law enforcement jobs across the country would be cut under the  Republicans' DOA Act. Over $8 billion in funding for the DOJ would be  eliminated. Donald Trump called for Republicans to defund law  enforcement, and now it looks like House Republicans are following  through.   But that is just the start. The House Default on America Act would  also spell disaster for American families and American healthcare.  Parents who struggle affording childcare would see over 100,000  childcare slots eliminated under the GOP proposal, preventing moms and  dads from getting a job or finishing their education since they can't  afford to pick up their kids in daycare. Over 21 million Americans  would be at risk of losing their health coverage--21 million Americans  losing health coverage--while hospitals would see billions in funding  disappear. Hospitals, patient groups, doctors--you name it, they are  all coming out in droves to oppose this measure.   We just endured a global pandemic that claimed the lives of over 1  million Americans, and House Republicans want to cut funding for  healthcare and hospitals? Utterly revolting.   But the damage isn't just limited to American families. The  Republican DOA Act would cripple America's ability to stay ahead of the  Chinese Communist Party.   After all the work we did last year on CHIPS and Science, the  Republican bill would slash billions--billions--from cutting-edge  research and prevent us from fully implementing CHIPS and Science. The  damage would be measured in countless jobs lost and billions in  squandered private investment. That is the last thing we can afford as  President Xi and the CCP work to outcompete America on the world  stage--squandering all that great private investment that is now coming  to America.   Let's not forget, should this Republican DOA bill go into effect,  taxes will go up for small businesses that no longer benefit from the  green energy tax credits Democrats passed last year. Many of these  green tax credits support job creation in Republican districts--jobs  that Republicans are happy to take credit for while working behind the  scenes to destroy them. It is the dictionary definition of  ``hypocrisy.''   Finally, the House Default on America Act would break America's  promise to our veterans, gutting funding for new VA facilities, funding  for housing and food security and addiction treatment, and even  endangering 81,000 jobs across the Veterans' Administration. How could  House Republicans possibly think it is OK to cut funding for our  veterans in exchange for lifting the debt ceiling? What kind of message  does that send to our military families, our servicemembers?   If MAGA Republicans want to sell their cuts to the American people,  they should not do so in the middle of discussions to avoid default.  That discussion properly belongs in conversations about the budget, not  here. And we will be happy to discuss those cuts with them, oppose  them, as we might, in the budget--not as a prelude to default.   In the meantime, I urge Speaker McCarthy to stop wasting any more  time on this DOA--dead on arrival--bill. Time is running out for  Congress to work together to avoid catastrophe.   