 Mr. President, 11 years ago tomorrow, our Nation and  the Newtown, CT, community experienced one of the deadliest school  shootings in American history. Horror ripped through our hearts as we  heard the news.   Twenty first grade students and six teachers and staff members gunned  down in cold blood inside of Sandy Hook Elementary School. Twenty first  graders who right now should be high school seniors, relishing special  moments and milestones with their friends. They should be finishing  their college applications, taking their driver's tests, and getting  measured for their caps and gowns. Their families should be watching  them flourish as they become young adults embarking on all the world  has to offer. Instead, their lives cruelly cut short, and their family  members will never be whole again. Adults who tried desperately to  protect their students, albeit in vain, from the Goliath force of an  AR-15 style gun.   Eleven years ago, we grieved with the families, we cried, and we  prayed. Eleven years ago, we said never, never again would we let this  happen. Instead, it has happened again and again, over and over-- Parkland, Santa Fe, Michigan State, UNLV, Uvalde.   The scenes from Robb Elementary School, where 19 students, mostly  third and fourth graders, and their two beloved teachers were gunned  down with an assault weapon last year, could not have been more  reminiscent of Sandy Hook. The innocent lives wiped out in a spree of  mindless violence. All of this happening again, right before our very  eyes, 10 years--10 years--after Sandy Hook.   This weekend in my home State, we just commemorated the fourth  anniversary of an anti-Semitic shooting in Jersey City, where two  hateful gunmen took the life of a Jersey City detective before they  rampaged through the Jersey City Kosher Supermarket, taking three more  innocent lives. Among the five weapons the shooters were armed with was  an AR-15-style assault weapon.   According to the Washington Post's database, 2023 has seen more mass  shootings--39--than any year since 2006 when they first began tracking  shootings with 4 or more deaths. Monterey, CA. Nashville, TN. El Paso,  TX. Lewiston, ME. We are the only civilized Nation on Earth where  innocent human beings are routinely murdered in mass shootings. Is this  what it really means to be an American? It cannot be.   I met last week with members of the Newtown Action Alliance-- survivors of gun violence who shared their heartbreaking stories of  grief and trauma. Their message was simple: When will enough be enough?   Eleven years since Sandy Hook and yet barely any progress has been  made. Even Ethan's Law, a commonsense bill which I cosponsored and  which simply requires safe and reasonable and responsible gun storage,  is opposed by most congressional Republicans. This should be a no- brainer.   Tiffany Starr, a gun violence survivor and proud New Jerseyan, told  me about how her father was killed in 1994 when her sister's abusive  ex-boyfriend shot his way into their home looking for her. Their father  pushed her sister out of the way and was shot himself, giving his wife  and daughters just enough time to run and hide in the neighbor's house.  She is now older than her father ever got the chance to be.   Jackie Haggerty shared how she survived the Sandy Hook Elementary  School shooting when she was only 7 years old. Now 18, she continues to  bravely share her story and advocate for gun safety legislation. She  broke down in tears during our meeting, describing the sheer horror and  trauma of seeing her friends' and teachers' destroyed bodies in the  hallways of Sandy Hook. She told me how all she wants for Christmas is  to know that she won't get shot. Let me repeat that. A young woman in  America is praying that she won't get shot, which is what she hopes for  Christmas.   Only in America do we live like this. Do we let families and whole  communities drown in the grief of mass shootings for the benefit of the  gun lobby and the gun industry? Only in America are guns the No. 1  killer of young people. Only in America do we pray, grieve, and move on  until the next Uvalde or the next Lewiston.   Guns--especially assault weapons equipped with high-capacity  magazines--do not belong in our communities. High-capacity magazines,  from my view, are about high-capacity killing, not about hunting. They  do not belong in our supermarkets and movie theaters, our houses of  worship, our restaurants, or our bowling alleys. They don't belong on  our streets. These are weapons of war meant for high-capacity killing.  And those who seek to kill Americans with such weapons do not have any  greater rights to bear arms than our Nation's children and community  have a right to live.   Just last week, Majority Leader Schumer came to the floor with the  hope of reintroducing the assault weapons ban. He was swiftly blocked  by Republicans. Senator Murphy followed by asking for a unanimous  consent vote for universal background checks, which also met Republican  resistance.  [[Page S5936]]    While I am proud to have supported the Bipartisan Safer Communities  Act, which became law last year and which contained important gun  safety measures, we must do more. That was simply the first step in the  right direction. There are more measures we can and must enact.   I believe we have to reinstate the assault weapons ban, and we must  establish universal background checks for the sale of all firearms.   A poll by FOX News conducted in April of this year found that a  majority of all American voters--61 percent--support an assault weapons  ban. That includes Republican voters. If there is 61 percent support  among Americans for an assault weapons ban, there should be 60 votes  for it here in the Senate.   A June 2022 Gallup poll also found that an overwhelming 92 percent of  Americans favor requiring background checks for all firearm sales. With  that level of near-unanimous support, background checks for all firearm  sales should be able to pass out of this Chamber by unanimous consent.   Did the assault weapons ban have a positive impact when it existed?  Well, a 2018 study by NYU Langone medical faculty showed that during  the 10 years that the assault weapons ban was in place, mass shooting- related deaths were 70 percent less likely to occur. That is countless  lives saved, countless funerals avoided, and countless families spared  from bottomless grief.   I want to be clear. We have solutions supported by the majority of  Americans to end the epidemic of gun violence in our country. We just  need our Republican colleagues to join the rest of us. We need  Republicans to take their NRA blindfolds off and open their eyes to the  realities we all face together.   After the horrific mass shootings in Lewiston, ME, Congressman Jared  Golden reversed his position and now supports an assault weapons ban. I  am glad he has seen the light, but it should not take the death of 18  people and a community terrorized for this type of awakening.   Every single Member of Congress should join Congressman Golden, put  politics aside, and put the American people first. We owe it to those  no longer with us. We owe it to Jackie Haggerty and the Sandy Hook  students and teachers and all gun victim survivors. We owe it to every  child and parent in America so that when we say ``never again,'' we  actually mean it.   I will end with this, which is a few questions for my Republican  colleagues. As we head home for the holidays, what will you say to all  the families facing an empty seat at their dinner table or one less  stocking on the mantel? How can you claim to be the pro-life party, the  party of public safety, when you put the interests of the gun lobby  before the lives and security of your constituents? How can we possibly  claim the mantle of the greatest country in the world if we as elected  officials simply stand by and let mass killings take place day after  day after day on our watch?   My hope is that you will think about each and every one of these  victims and their families, that you will come back with renewed  purpose and commitment to our most basic mission, which is protecting  the innocent lives of our constituents, our neighbors, our loved ones.   Let's build upon the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act, fully  implement universal background checks, and pass a national assault  weapons ban. I appreciate that the Presiding Officer has legislation,  with others, to think about how we manufacture these in a way that  would create less loss of life. It is an innovative idea, and it is one  of many that should be pursued. It would be the greatest gift we could  deliver to the American people.   During a season of thoughts and prayers, what the American people  need--what they demand--is concrete action. Whether or not we will act  will define Congress and, I think, indeed American democracy itself for  decades to come.   I yield the floor.   