 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Madam President, the new Republican House of  Representatives has already done more to protect our Nation's Strategic  Petroleum Reserve than the single-party Democratic government did in  the last 2 years.   First, House Republicans passed legislation that would ban the  Federal Government from selling energy from the SPR to benefit our  Nation's No. 1 strategic adversary--the Chinese Communist Party. Then,  last week, the House followed on by passing H.R. 21, a bipartisan bill  that would require the Department of Energy to offset any nonemergency  drawdowns of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve by expanding access to  America's abundant domestic energy on Federal lands. Speaker McCarthy  and Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers were right to make American energy  security a top priority for their new majority.   It is too bad that it is even necessary to protect our Nation's  emergency energy reserves from our own Commander in Chief and his  party, but unfortunately the Biden administration has proven that it is  necessary.   Last year, with his party hurting at the polls, President Biden  released more than 200 million barrels, leaving America's strategic  reserve at its lowest level since 1983. To make matters worse, this  political gamble didn't just leave America less secure, it directly  benefited China. President Biden's Department of Energy hadn't just  sold off critical supplies; they sold some of them--listen to this-- directly to a Chinese refining company.   Last year, Senate Republicans put every Democrat on the record with  an amendment to clamp down on selling our strategic reserve to China.  Senate Democrats blocked it. The Democratic Senators from States like  West Virginia, Montana, and Ohio voted on party lines to let the Biden  administration continue to sell our reserves to the CCP.   Democrats' recklessness with our energy reserves actually predates  this particular administration. Remember back when oil prices were at  historic lows during the early days of the COVID pandemic? We  Republicans tried to refill the SPR to the top. We could have totally  replenished our stockpile at bargain-basement prices. But the Senate  Democrat leader blocked it and bragged about blocking it. Our colleague  crowed that his party had stopped a ``bailout for Big Oil.'' Of course,  what he really blocked was a win-win for national security as well as  the American taxpayer.   Washington Democrats have been dead wrong on how to handle our  strategic reserve literally for years. This is just one symptom of  their deep misunderstanding about energy, about the importance of  American energy dominance and the way to achieve it.   Across the Atlantic, war in Ukraine has brought the vulnerability of  Europe's dependence on Russian energy  [[Page S139]]  into stark and painful relief. Half-baked green transitions, an allergy  to clean and reliable nuclear power, and an addiction to Russian gas  sent our allies' energy costs through the roof, with working families  and ratepayers actually footing the bills.   It could have been a helpful, cautionary tale for the United States,  but by last year, the Biden administration was already a year deep into  their comprehensive war on abundant and affordable American energy.  Remember, on day one in office, President Biden canceled further work  on the Keystone XL Pipeline with the stroke of a pen--forget safe and  efficient energy transport, high-paying American jobs, and lower cost,  reliable power. The President had already put climate activism in the  driver's seat of his own energy policy.   The Biden administration has frozen new oil exploration on public  lands, overhauled permitting rules to make it harder to develop natural  gas resources, dragged the United States back into a climate deal that  gives the Chinese Communist Party a pass to keep increasing its carbon  emissions, and balked at a chance to block Vladimir Putin's latest  pipeline for controlling European consumption.   It is an absolutely nonsensical agenda, and it hasn't taken long for  families across our country to feel the direct effects in the form of  soaring prices in their heating and electricity bills, at the gas pump,  as well as at the grocery store.   Fortunately, millions of working Americans were fed up last November  and decided to put an end to Democrats' total control here in  Washington. Republicans will stand strong on the side of American  energy dominance, on the side of national security, on the side of  American workers, American families, and America's future.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   