 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment  that restricts citizens of any country on the list of sensitive  countries from entering any U.S. national security laboratory facility.   From Los Alamos to Oak Ridge, our national labs perform critical  national security activities that are the bedrock of our defense. They  oversee the stewardship of our national stockpile which maintains our  safe, secure, credible, and effective nuclear deterrent force.   Unlike our adversaries, the United States has upheld the zero-yield  testing standard set in place by the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. We  have done this by choosing to make a massive investment in our national  labs to develop a more responsible nuclear testing regime that does not  require super-critical explosions.   I was stunned to hear recent reports, though, of Biden administration  officials inviting citizens from our two greatest adversaries to  observe U.S. nuclear weapons tests. Russia and China should not have  insider access to our testing. This is the latest in a series of  misguided and naive national security actions made by Biden  administration officials. These are the same officials who have sworn  oaths to protect and defend the U.S. Constitution and who are appointed  as caretakers for our Nation's most sensitive national security  activities.   Proponents of this policy argue that inviting foreign observers to  view our tests would encourage our adversaries to be more transparent  about their activities. However, China and Russia have had ample  opportunity to be more open about their nuclear weapons development and  deployments and refuse to do so.   Allowing adversaries to observe our nuclear testing activities is  allowing them to derive our methods and procedures, and this destroys  deterrence. As chairman of the House Armed Services Strategic Forces  Subcommittee, one of my priorities has been to strengthen and protect  our nuclear arsenal.   In the world today, nothing could jeopardize our national security  more than losing this advantage. For that reason, I encourage my  colleagues to adopt this amendment and protect our nuclear assets.   Madam Chair, I close by saying that I ask that we adopt this  amendment by acclimation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   