 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I don't think I really need to do this  with the length of my speech, but just in case it runs up against the  vote, I ask unanimous consent to be able to finish my speech.    Mr. President, in the past several years, I have come  to this Senate Chamber to discuss my constitutional oversight of the  Justice Department and the FBI. In many of those floor speeches, I have  discussed legally protected and unclassified whistleblower disclosures  that were made to my office relating to the Hunter Biden criminal  investigation.   These disclosures were made public in the interest of transparency  and accountability because the public's business should be public, and  we should know, as Senators or Congressmen and Congresswomen, whether  the executive branch of government is faithfully executing the laws as  the Constitution requires.   Those disclosures that I have made have a very common theme: The  Justice Department and FBI have allowed political infection to take  root within each Agency's decision-making process. Such an infection is  an existential threat to any government Agency, but to a law  enforcement Agency that can interfere with our constitutional rights,  such an infection is catastrophic.   After Crossfire Hurricane, which was the definition of a political  investigation, the whistleblower disclosures demanded congressional  attention more than ever. So I wrote public letters asking questions. I  directly asked the same to the Attorney General and the FBI Director at  committee hearings. I have asked them about allegations that politics  infected the Hunter Biden  [[Page S1527]]  investigation. This sort of political bias erodes trust in government  and prevents the equal application of the law as required by the  Constitution.   I have also asked them about allegations that the FBI used false  claims of Russian disinformation to bury potential criminal  investigations about Hunter and James Biden. Also, I asked them about  allegations regarding specific records within the Department's  possession relating to potential criminal conduct by the Bidens. I have  asked about allegations regarding specific records that show Joe Biden  may have been involved in Hunter Biden's business arrangements.   The allegations my office has received are very precise, very direct,  and very consistent. Accordingly, they are highly credible. These  credible allegations raise important and fundamental questions, like  these questions:   Did the FBI follow normal investigative procedures to vet these  claims?   Did the FBI follow the facts wherever they led, or did they  improperly shut down credible leads in advance of the 2020 election?   Remember, I have been raising these questions for a long period of  time. I have done it through many venues: letters, in hearings, in  private calls with Agency leadership, and, like today, right here on  the floor of the U.S. Senate.   The Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation had  plenty of opportunities to respond to all of these questions I have  raised. Not once--let me emphasize: not once has the Justice Department  or FBI ever substantively disputed the whistleblower allegations that I  have made public. I have given Attorney General Garland and Director  Wray every opportunity to put our worst fears to rest and assure the  American people, as they should, that everything has been done by the  book. Both Agencies have failed to do so.   Just think how simple it is to say that everything was done the right  way--if they could say that. And that ought to tell you something. Even  with their credibility on the line, the FBI and Justice Department have  refused to cooperate when asked for basic information. So, as you know  if you have been following all this stuff--and I don't expect people to  have time to do that--yesterday, House Chairman Comer issued a letter  accompanied by a subpoena from the House committee demanding one FBI  document. Based on protected and highly credible whistleblower  disclosures, the unclassified document exists, and it is allegedly  referencing a criminal scheme involving then-Vice President Biden.   Notably, it is a crime to provide false information to Congress  during a congressional investigation.   Most importantly, this very document was generated by the FBI  themselves. It is time for the Justice Department and FBI to come clean  to the American people. What did the Justice Department and FBI do to  investigate the information in the document at issue? The answer goes  to the heart of whether taxpayer-funded government Agencies proceed  normally or whether that Agency cuts corners.   Simply put, did the Justice Department and the FBI treat this  information like they would if ``We the People'' were implicated, or  did they sweep it under the rug to protect then-candidate Biden and  now-President Biden?   If the Justice Department and FBI have any hope of redeeming their  once trusted position--and that is what the American people have long  held, to trust the FBI--Attorney General Garland and Director Wray must  answer. Their credibility is on the line.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   