 Mr. Speaker, I rise in shock and frustration at our  Republican colleagues' do-nothing Congress. Seinfeld would have called  this the impeachment about nothing. They are leading the most  unproductive session since the Great Depression, and after  manufacturing crisis after crisis, weeks of trying to choose a Speaker,  and putting their record-breaking economic recovery, which is  nonexistent, under the spotlight, they think that formalizing a fishing  expedition will dress it up enough for the American people to believe  them.   This is not the work of the Ways and Means Committee. The greatness  of this committee has nothing to do with an impeachment proceeding, and  how the Ways and Means got involved in this baffles Republican and  Democratic members of the committee.   The truth is, it has been nearly a year and not a shred of evidence  has shown any wrongdoing or interference by Joe Biden.   Their recycled conspiracy theories continue to be debunked. They  continue to mistake Congress, a legislative body, for a law enforcement  body. In their only public hearing, their own witnesses conceded that  there isn't evidence to warrant moving forward.   The gentleman from South Carolina said we are trying to hide  something. I moved in the Ways and Means Committee to have the  whistleblowers' testimony done in full public for observation. They  turned it down.   Meanwhile, we are staring at another Republican government shutdown  at the beginning of tax filing season. Enough with this obsession with  one person, Joe Biden. The Ways and Means Democrats are concerned about  all members of the American family and for the taxpayer that is about  to be impeded because of the work that is being done on impeachment  instead of on tax reform.   This is where we find ourselves--nothing here, no evidence, no  wrongdoing after a year--a waste of time for the American people, a  waste of time for a Congress that should be addressing the real  problems of the American family.   