 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment would reduce spending by  bringing the Department of Housing and Urban Development's funding for  the fair housing activities back to the fiscal year 2019 levels, which  would be a cut of $19.7 million.   Cutting funding back to pre-COVID 19 levels across the board for  nondefense discretionary funding can right-size a discretionary budget  that has grown 30 percent larger since the pandemic. We must return  nondefense discretionary spending back to the 2019 spending levels if  we are ever to have hope on the discretionary side of getting our  fiscal house in order.   To accomplish that for this program--this is a modest cut of 0.022  percent of the total funding of this bill. I want to repeat that. It is  a 0.022 percent cut, that is a cut of one-fifth of 1 percent.   Allowing the data to speak for itself, according to HUD's own  statistics, there were 11,741 housing discrimination complaints filed  to the Department in 2022.   According to HUD, in fiscal year 2022, there were 15 cases of housing  discrimination that were referred to the Department of Justice, of  those cases, 14  [[Page H5462]]  were closed out by DOJ, meaning there was only one case out of over  11,000 that led to a charge of housing discrimination.   While many housing discrimination complaints are settled, most cases  are found to be without cause or closed entirely. According to the  Congressional Research Service, 3 to 5 percent of the complaints lead  to a formal charge, and between zero to 1 percent of complaints lead to  a referral to the Department of Justice.   Again, we need to get our fiscal house in order. We are rapidly  approaching $34 trillion in debt. It is costing families, through  devaluation of our dollar, $1,200 more per month to buy the exact same  goods and services as compared to when our current President took  office almost 3 years ago.   The effects of that, we all know, with interest rate changes are  causing housing problems for a multitude of people.   The debt to GDP ratio is at our highest level since World War II. Our  interest payments on the debt are about to cost more than defense  spending, and that is within months to years ahead in short order.   Autopilot, mandatory spending amounts to 70 percent of our government  spending. This number is expected to skyrocket to 90 percent within the  next 10 years. This out-of-control spending at some point has to come  to an end, either by choice or it will happen to us by force.   Mr. Chairman, I reiterate that this is incredibly small in terms of  cuts--0.022 percent, one-fifth of 1 percent to the underlying bill.  Let's return back to the 2019 fiscal year.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   