 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R.  3981, the Isakson-Roe Education Oversight Expansion Act. I am proud to  sponsor this legislation, which builds  [[Page H4358]]  on Ranking Member Levin's comprehensive bill, the Isakson-Roe Veterans  Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act of 2020.   My hometown and district in Louisville, Kentucky, is home to nearly  50,000 veterans. Veterans in Louisville and across our country deserve  as much support from the government when they come out of Active Duty  as when they go in. Today, we have an opportunity to show our vets that  we are listening to their concerns and that we are going to do  something about it.   H.R. 3981 will help the VA deliver on the promises it makes to  servicemembers when they join the military. It improves oversight of  and fosters accountability at institutions that receive GI Bill  funding, ensuring that the men and women who put on the uniform of our  country aren't defrauded by dishonest institutions that fail to set our  veterans up for success.   H.R. 3981 is a commonsense, bipartisan bill which came out of our  committee on a bipartisan basis. It will ensure our veterans and their  benefits are supported and protected. We have a sacred responsibility  to look after all Americans, especially those who have sacrificed for  our country. Any veteran who wants to get an education, an education  they have earned, should be able to do so without fear of being  defrauded, losing their benefits, or being left behind.   Every man and woman who puts on a uniform is willing to risk  everything to keep us safe. The least we can do is protect them when  they get home. Veterans earn their GI Bill education benefits, and no  veteran should lose that benefit to bad actors or fraudulent  institutions. Not a single one.   I thank Chairman Bost, Chairman Van Orden, Ranking Members Takano and  Levin, and all of those involved, for their support of this bill. I ask  my colleagues to support H.R. 3981.   