 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2.   We have a crisis at our southern border. When title 42 expires in  just a few hours, that crisis will become a complete catastrophe.   In an effort to play petty politics, the Biden administration and  Secretary Mayorkas have traded many effective policies implemented by  President Trump for chaotic, unorderly, and inhumane immigration.   I arrived in the United States with my family shortly after the  communist takeover of my native homeland. I understand the plight of  many of those who are fleeing socialist regimes in Cuba, Venezuela, and  Nicaragua, because I, too, am an exile. I, too, am an immigrant.   We have legal processes already in place for people to immigrate to  America legally and to solicit political asylum legally.    But what the Biden administration is doing is offensive, cruel, and  inhumane. Lethal fentanyl is flooding our border, killing nearly  100,000 Americans every single year. According to The New York Times,  there are over 85,000 migrant children unaccounted for, and many are  being subjected to forced labor and child sex trafficking. I repeat:  85,000 unaccounted for children here in the United States. I ask you:  Is that humane? I think not.   Lack of enforcement of our border is incentivizing illegal  immigration and enriching corrupt Mexican drug cartels that extort the  most vulnerable.   While the Biden administration endangers the American people, H.R. 2  tackles the crisis head-on. This bill resumes construction of the  border wall that is needed, increases the number of border agents to  22,000, increases Federal grants to local law enforcement in border  States, protects migrant children from human trafficking, streamlines  the asylum process, and enforces background checks to bar repeat  criminal offenders from reentering our country.   H.R. 2 provides a solution to the crisis that President Biden has  created. Believe me, he has created it. Secretary Mayorkas and the  Biden administration have failed to protect America, and our country is  more dangerous than ever before.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the measure.   