 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Madam President, Senate Democrats continue to  dutifully advance the Biden administration's radical nominees.   This week, the Senate will decide whether to give yet another  leftwing lawyer a lifetime appointment to the Federal bench: Natasha  Merle, who is an activist lawyer with a penchant for staking out  extreme and inflammatory positions that are thoroughly divorced from  reality. For example, she attacked widely popular election integrity  measures, claiming ``it's inconsistent to denounce White supremacy but  not repudiate voter ID laws.''   Alongside the self-proclaimed ``wild-eyed leftist'' Democrats just  confirmed to the bench last week, Ms. Merle went after the State of  Alabama for daring to verify the identities of people who cast ballots  in elections. Meanwhile, Ms. Merle has found time to attack what she  calls ``unfounded yet repeated public assertions that there is a  widespread lack of respect for law enforcement'' and criticize efforts  to promote law and order as ``an illegal attempt to advance a false  narrative that law enforcement was being attacked.''   Well, Madam President, President Biden's first year in office saw the  largest number of law enforcement deaths in the line of duty in 20  years. But Ms. Merle doesn't appear to like grappling with facts that  don't suit her narrative. Normally, a record like this would be  shockingly disqualifying, but under the Biden administration, it is not  an outlier. It is an essential qualification.   Unfortunately, the President's affinity for radical nominees applies  to folks already on the job as well. Last week, Democrats on the EPW  Committee rammed through the nomination of Jeffery Baran to another  term as Commissioner at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Mr. Baran  already has an extensive record as the NRC's resident liberal  obstructionist. While his colleagues collaborate on regulatory  frameworks that encourage safe and efficient energy production, this  nominee prides himself on being a stick in the mud.   Even leading climate activists understand that Mr. Baran's dedication  to hindering nuclear development ``harm[s] the environment in the  process.'' They know that reducing carbon emissions means embracing  safe nuclear energy. Mr. Baran, however, does not.   At every opportunity, this nominee has opposed commonsense efforts to  revise regulations and keep pace with the smaller and more affordable  nuclear technologies of the future. He has shown that his blanket  antinuclear approach is both a tired relic and an active obstruction to  American prosperity.   So no wonder even some Senate Democrats are thinking twice about  rubberstamping Mr. Baran's nomination. I would urge each of our  colleagues to oppose it.   