 Mr. Speaker, does it feel sometimes like we are living in  a crazy sci-fi movie where powerful entities and interests are trying  to control what we see and what we hear and what we read? Because they  ultimately want to dominate what we think and how we behave.   My fellow Americans, there is a broad effort underway to deplatform,  demonetize, and destroy anyone who has a conservative America First  perspective. We have seen this with ``Newsmax,'' with ``One America  News.'' We saw Google work to demonetize ``The Federalist'' and my  question is this: When did we become so frail as a country? When did we  take the position that if we saw something we didn't agree with that  somehow that would dehumanize us and limit our ability to participate  in meaningful dialogue? I think we became that frail when the left  started to say that words were violence, which they are not.   Speech is what liberates us from violence. It gives us an alternative  path, but people get frustrated and concerned when they see that the  choices that they want to make in telecommunications or the digital  world are deemed unacceptable by the powers that be.   When did this realignment happen? I remember when I was in school, it  was always the liberals, the classical liberals that wanted this robust  marketplace of ideas, and it was a few conservatives who didn't want  you to see certain things or look at certain things or read certain  things. Now it has like totally flipped the script because they have  such a low view of our fellow Americans.   So what are we going to do about it? The Energy and Commerce  Committee should be holding hearings on this. The Department of Justice  antitrust entities should be looking into whether or not this is too  much of a concentration of power in entities like AT&T and DIRECTV that  are stifling ``Newsmax'' and ``One America News'' and even Google's  terrible work to try to demonetize ``The Federalist.''   I also believe that in the House Judiciary Committee we should ask  these questions seriously and encourage the Department of Justice to  take action.   By the way, if you are a shareholder out there in AT&T, I would  encourage you to pursue a derivative suit. Why is it that some of these  woketopians that sit on these boards in these senior leadership  positions are devaluing the stock you own, limiting access to popular  channels because they don't like the viewpoint? They don't like you,  and they don't care about an America where the values that undergird  the Constitution are more important than the terms of service that we  see at Big Tech companies.   I thank my colleague,   Ken Buck, for having led on these issues for  many years. There is much work ahead for the Biden administration, for  Article III courts, and for this very Congress.   