 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1607, introduced by my  colleague from Arizona (Mr. Schweikert) and co-led by Representative    Greg Stanton, also from Arizona.   This bill would reserve certain lands in Arizona to the United States  for use as part of the Salt River Federal Reclamation Project. The Salt  River Project was first authorized in 1903 and provides water and power  to over 2 million people in central Arizona today.   Under this legislation, the reserved lands will be used for  development, generation, and transmission of electrical power and  energy to assist the Salt River Project in expanding pumped storage  hydropower facilities to meet increasing energy demands.   I thank my colleagues from Arizona, Representatives Schweikert and  Stanton for introducing and promoting this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1722, the Grand Ronde  Reservation Amendment Act of 2023 offered by my colleague from Oregon  (Ms. Salinas).   This legislation will correct a decades-old error that restricted the  Confederated Tribes of Grand Ronde in raising land claims in the State  of Oregon.   During the ``termination era,'' a shameful time for our country, the  Confederated Tribes, and other Tribes in Oregon, had their Federal  recognition terminated by Congress in 1954. The Grand Ronde Tribe was  later restored in 1983 with the passage of the Grand Ronde Restoration  Act.   However, in 1988, the Bureau of Land Management discovered a land  surveying mistake on the eastern boundary of the Tribe's original  reservation. The survey excluded an 84-acre piece of land known as the  Thompson Strip.   To compensate the Grand Ronde Tribe for the loss incurred by that  error, the Bureau of Land Management subsequently arranged a land  exchange with the Tribe to be approved by Congress.   Unfortunately, through that legislation in 1994, the Grand Ronde saw  their rights further restricted with language that prohibited the Tribe  from making any additional land claims if new errors were delivered.   Today's bill would end this unfair restriction on the Tribe so that  they may pursue recourse if additional survey errors are ever found. No  other Tribe in the State of Oregon faces this kind of legal  restriction.   This legislation has bipartisan support in both the House and Senate,  having passed out of committee by voice vote in the Senate, and  unanimously here in the House.   The passage of this legislation would be immensely consequential for  the Confederated Tribes of Grand Ronde.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Salinas), the sponsor of this  bipartisan legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3448, the American Battlefield Protection Program  Enhancement Act, reauthorizes and updates the American Battlefield  Protection Program to strengthen ongoing preservation efforts of  historic battlefields.   Under this program, the National Park Service provides grants through  the Land and Water Conservation Fund for preservation planning, land  acquisition, restoration, and interpretation in order to preserve these  unique resources associated with this Nation's military history.   The bill will protect and preserve our historic battlefields to  ensure that we do not lose this connection to our history. I support  the effort to ensure the continuation of this important and meaningful  program.   I note this bill sets a new precedent for the Land and Water  Conservation Fund by authorizing direct grants to nonprofit  organizations.   While this is a break from past practice, I want to thank the  majority for their willingness to work with us on language that  guarantees permanent protection of any land purchased with money  provided by the American Battlefield Protection Program.   I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Any reservations we have,  as it goes forward in the Senate, we hope  [[Page H5414]]  those discussions will continue. If any efforts are made to make the  legislation better and more inclusive of the goal of the legislation,  we will support that as well.   Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I yield back the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 359, the Fort San Geronimo  Preservation Act, introduced by my colleague from Puerto Rico, Resident  Commissioner Jenniffer Gonzalez-Colon.   The Fort San Geronimo del Boqueron, located in Puerto Rico, was built  as part of the fortification system to protect San Juan from invasions.  Today, it is the sole surviving fortification on the island,  representing the successful defense from a siege by the British  military in 1797, the Battle of San Juan.   The bill before us today would establish the Fort San Geronimo del  Boqueron in Puerto Rico as an affiliated area of the National Park  System to ensure the fort is maintained and preserved as an important  historic site.   I am pleased to support the legislation and congratulate my  colleague, Resident Commissioner Gonzalez-Colon, for her fine work on  the legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2717, the Hershel ``Woody''  Williams National Medal of Honor Monument Location Act, introduced by  our colleague from Utah, Representative Blake Moore.    This legislation would authorize the construction of a Medal of Honor  memorial on The National Mall. The Medal of Honor is the highest  military decoration awarded to individuals whose extraordinary acts of  valor, selfless service, and sacrifice exceed the call of duty.   This memorial would honor over 3,500 Medal of Honor recipients from  the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, and Coast Guard, ensuring that  their courage, sacrifice, patriotism, citizenship, integrity, and  commitment to preserving this great democracy of ours are preserved for  generations to come.   I thank Representative Moore and cosponsor Representative Marc Veasey  for their leadership on this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to  vote ``yes'' on the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Veasey), the co-lead of the legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Let me just comment on all the commentary from the sponsors of the  legislation, Mr. Westerman, and our other colleagues, who outlined the  importance of the legislation and the memorial.   There is a border community in my district, Douglas, and very  prominent in their plaza is a memorial to all the men and women who  have died in combat from that region, from the community of Douglas and  from the county of Cochise.   I was talking to one of the VFW commanders on that visit, and he  said: In this plaque, in this piece of granite, we have every  ethnicity, every creed, representing different histories and cultures,  and they all bled, and some died together in defense of this country.   I think this memorial will go a long way to say if that kind of  sacrifice and that kind of unity is possible under the most extreme of  circumstances, certainly being able to live in some sense of unity  should be an ongoing goal. I think that will be part of what this  memorial will mean to people.   Mr. Speaker I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1318, the Women's Suffrage  National Monument Location Act, introduced by my colleague from  Colorado (Mr. Neguse), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on  Federal lands.   This legislation authorizes a commemorative work on The National Mall  to recognize the tireless work of suffragists who fought to secure  women the right to vote.   While there may be some hesitation regarding the authorization of new  memorials in the Reserve of The National Mall, I cannot think of a  better addition to the Reserve than this particular monument.   Over 100 years ago, Congress passed the 19th Amendment to the  Constitution. Yet today, not one monument or memorial on The National  Mall is dedicated to American women's history.   As our Nation's Capital sees more than 25 million visitors annually,  it is only fitting that we pass this legislation to ensure that we  honor and recognize the women who championed these efforts and inspire  future generations of strong women leaders.   I thank Representative Neguse for his leadership on this effort and  all the women who have brought this issue before us today and for their  continuing advocacy.   The Women's Suffrage National Monument will serve not only as a  reminder of our Nation's history but also as a hope to continue to  shape this Nation for a better future.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the legislation and reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Neguse), the sponsor of this bipartisan  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, the comments by Representative  Neguse and Chairman Westerman were appropriate.   This is a link to the history of this Nation that needs to be  acknowledged and needs to be there for the rest of America to see,  appreciate, and understand.   In women's history the struggle for political representation and  equality in that field and in other fields is ongoing. I think this is  an important memorial.   The other issue is this is a stark reminder for all of us that you  cannot erase history, that you cannot change it by ignoring it or  avoiding it.   I hope that after we take action on this legislation that we seek a  way to revitalize the Latino museum that has already been approved and  whose funding was eliminated in the appropriations bill for the  Department of the Interior.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   