 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment would prohibit the Department of  the Interior from using appropriated funds for any purpose having to do  with establishing, under the Antiquities Act, a national monument in  Malheur County, Oregon.   Malheur County is part of my congressional district, and it is huge,  almost 10,000 square miles in size. As you can see from this picture to  my right, this county is 145 times the size of Washington, D.C. It is  sparsely populated, but the people who live and work  [[Page H5292]]  there understand the value and importance of protecting the land. Why?  Because many are second, third, and fourth generations who have spent  their lives earning a living in the most challenging of arid locations,  knowing from hard experience that the only way to survive is to live in  harmony with the land.   Back in 2015, a small group of mostly urban activists funded by  recreational sportswear companies tried to convince the Obama  administration that it should use the Antiquities Act to abruptly  impose a national monument designation on 2.5 million acres of the 6.3  million acres making up Malheur County. That is about 40 percent of the  county's entire area.   This picture beside me shows the typical type of land that makes up  this 2.5 million acres. Almost 200 miles of the canyon seen cutting  through the sagebrush flats in this picture are already protected with  scenic river designations. We don't need a monument stacked on top of  those designations.   Much of the 2.5 million acre area is covered by sagebrush and  extremely dry. The widely separated springs and ephemeral trickles of  water trying to pass as streams in this vast environmentally fragile  area are generally the site of ranch headquarters operated for  generations by rancher families.   These ranchers, in addition to being an important part of the  economy, provide first responder protection for recreationists, hikers,  hunters, and, when wildfire breaks out, the land itself. Their presence  also protects against abuse of the land by those who have little regard  for its fragility.   Back in 2015, when those activists began to lobby the Obama  administration for a monument designation, local residents gathered  together in opposition. They formed a group of ranchers, hunters,  environmental NGOs, and others. For the past 7 years, this group has  been meeting, studying, arguing, discussing, and working with  landowners, State legislators, county commissioners, Congressmen,  Senator Ron Wyden, and others to develop a legislative initiative  addressing many of the concerns of interested parties. Their work  culminated in S. 1890, the Malheur Community Empowerment for the Owyhee  Act, now pending in the Senate.   Thus, there is no reason for a national monument designation. The  pending Senate bill, when finalized, plus the Federal protections  already in place, as shown in the chart beside me, are designed to  protect this important area. A top-down monument designation will not  protect the land, and in fact, such a designation will attract tens of  thousands of people to this fragile area, resulting in destruction of  the very things a monument purports to protect.   It is a sad commentary on those that preach cooperation and  nonpartisanship that one of the environmental NGOs that was at the  resolution table and participated in the structure found in S. 1890 has  now begun to advertise, fundraise, and lobby advocating that the  President use the Antiquities Act to designate that same 2.5 million  acres as a national monument, ignoring the years of work and time  invested by those who actually live in, on, and around this land.   Mr. Chair, my amendment is designed to stop the use of Federal moneys  for a monument designation, thus allowing the locally driven public  land protective process to continue.   Mr. Chair, I ask for support of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I want it known for the record that we had a  vote in Malheur County some years ago on whether or not to have a  monument, and 90 percent of the voters said no to the monument.   The purpose of the amendment is focused on Malheur County, Oregon,  alone. The purpose of including the entire county is that the county  itself and the work we are doing in this other bill addresses the  county. There is no reason to worry about the amendment being overly  broad.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   