 Mr. President, in the last several years, Democrats  have given many dramatic speeches about our country's norms and  institutions, about the rule of law and the health of democracy. But  the sad irony has been this: The same political left that shouted so  loudly about norms, institutions, and the rule of law has kept trying  to steamroll these principles themselves.   Look at recent events at the State capitol buildings in Tennessee and  Montana--angry liberal activists in shoving matches with law  enforcement, shouting down proceedings. I myself am on the record as a  firm critic of rioters and disrupting legislatures, across the board,  no matter who is doing it. Why can't the left be as consistent?   And look at their side's growing hostility to the very independence  of our judicial branch. A few weeks ago, when one Federal judge issued  a ruling with policy outcomes that Democrats didn't like, they started  suggesting that politicians should just openly disobey--just openly  disobey--the judge's rulings.   Those suggestions are toxic and, frankly, anti-American. It was wrong  when President Andrew Jackson tried to ignore the Court way back in the  1830s, it was dead wrong when Governor Faubus defied the Court on civil  rights in the 1950s, and it is wrong also when today's Democratic Party  brings all of that back.   The attacks on the judiciary don't stop there. In 2020, our colleague  the Democratic leader stood on the very steps of the Supreme Court and  threatened Justices by name--by name--with a ``whirlwind'' of  retaliation if they failed to rule the way he wanted.   Then, after top Democrats encouraged mob outrage over a leaked draft  opinion, President Biden's Attorney General failed to enforce clear  Federal law and put a stop--a stop--to illegal protests that sought to  intimidate the Justices at their private family homes.   Recently, a number of Senate Democrats have gone so far as to propose  defunding security needs for the Justices and their families if Chief  Justice Roberts doesn't reorganize internal matters the way Democrats  would prefer. So after fanning the flames of violence against an equal  branch of government, Democrats now want to defund the Justices'  ability to protect themselves and their families if certain Senators  don't get their way.   They are trying to turn impartial judges into partisan hostages. This  is really beyond irresponsible.   And then, of course, there are the desperate and never-ending  attempts to smear and defame Justices appointed by Republican  Presidents, going back years and decades. Over the last few weeks, two  Justices have been particularly subjected to a carousel of character  assassination. I am sure it will be another Justice's turn again before  too long. This is simply how the far left treats the rule of law.   Let me just repeat that I have total confidence in Justice Gorsuch,  Justice Thomas, and all seven of their distinguished colleagues, no  matter who appointed them--no matter who appointed them. Just  yesterday, all nine Justices explained in a statement their joint  approach to maintaining their high ethical standards. Unlike the  activists and elected Democrats trying to  [[Page S1355]]  tear them down, the Justices have proven their sobriety and judicial  temperament over their long and distinguished careers.   