 Sadly, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I wish  we weren't here.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jennifer Wickre, a public servant  and trailblazer in the science, space, and technology community.   When I got here in 2013, I was put on the Science, Space, and  Technology Committee then, and I have been on it a long time. I have  got to see a lot of staffers, though I think the gentleman from  Oklahoma has, too.   I have had the privilege of getting to know Jenn during my time on  the committee. Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, her enthusiasm, her  brilliance, and her commitment, as the chairman laid out, were second  to none.   Her smile--she always laughed at my jokes. She always laughed at my  jokes. I think she was trying to make me feel better. God knows I wish  she felt better right now. I wish she felt better.   People don't often realize how impactful folks like Jenn are at  drafting and moving the needle on very important legislation that has  impacted the science, space, and technology community. Likewise, they  don't often recognize or realize what the staff means to us when you  have got somebody like Jenn--what a jewel. What an absolute jewel.   She is an avid Oregon Ducks football fan. I don't know why she wasn't  for the Dallas Cowboys. I am trying to figure that out. Go Ducks.   She sings in the Congressional Chorus and loves to walk her rescue  mutt named Finn. With a lot of the good humor that she had, the dog  could have been named Huckleberry Finn for that matter.   All at the young age of 42 Jenn has achieved more than most people do  in a lifetime. She should be proud of that, and I promise her that we  are not only proud, but we are grateful.   We thank Jenn for the time she has invested in our great Nation, and  we want her to know that we are rooting for her, we are praying for  her, and we are in her corner.   We expect God to do a miracle from what little power we have in this  House of Representatives-- as I believe this country was ordained by  God--to the throne of grace that He would heal Jenn.    Cancer sucks, and Miss Jenn is fighting the good fight. I pray she is  at peace knowing the positive impact she has had not only in the Halls  of Congress but on every single person and staff member she has come in  contact with.   Mr. Speaker, I want to urge all my colleagues to keep Jenn and her  family in their prayers.   I want to end with a Bible verse from Deuteronomy 3:16 that says: Be  strong and courageous, do not be afraid or terrified because of them;  for the Lord  [[Page H1880]]  your God goes with you. He will not leave you nor forsake you.   God in Heaven, hear our prayers for the healing of our one great Miss  Jenn.   