 Mr. President, I rise today--Joe has gone over this, I  think, very clearly; I support him in just sticking with the letter of  the law. He said China produces 75 percent of the world's lithium-ion  batteries; we, only 7 percent. China controls 80 percent of the  facilities that convert critical minerals into usable battery parts.   Making things in America is not just about promoting our own  manufacturing--which we need to do better generally--it is also about  not funding  [[Page S114]]  the human rights abuses by the Chinese Communist Party.   And to give them even more of a leg up, when you see what they have  done trying to fit into the world economic chain, where they still  steal intellectual property, they do things that take them out of the  norm that we are all familiar with.   This is just simply to fix something that was recently passed in a  reconciliation bill. I didn't vote for the reconciliation package  because of disagreements with it in general. I do that on a lot of  things, even when I like components of what is in something if it  doesn't have that fiscal responsibility to go along with it.   So whether you agree with me or Senator Manchin about trying to do  things here in America whenever we can and not to end up supporting our  main geopolitical enemy in the process, I think you have to be careful.   Senator Manchin mentioned, also, we just recently did it and it is  clear, and the IRS was sleeping at the wheel. This should not have come  down to where we are right here, even having to argue about it. It is  the letter of the law.   I have got, in my own home State, Stellantis and Samsung making a big  investment in Kokomo, IN, for this very issue of getting our own foot  into this kind of business. What is it going to do? What is the message  going to be sending to them?   Allison Transmission is conducting R&D efforts on electrifying their  own components. I think it sends a bad message if we are given the  letter of the law, going to make exemptions, even when it might not be  expedient for other concerns.   I think this is a type of investment that we need to make sure stays  here. We recently put it in law to do so. It may delay a little bit,  not give the speed at which some want to move. But when you look at  everything we have talked about--the fact that it gives more to the  Chinese economy when you look at what they are doing on the world  stage--it is going to send a bad message to people in our own country  about making the investments. And, clearly, in my own State, there is a  vested interest.   So I am with Senator Manchin on this. We ought to stick with what we  just passed, not let the IRS get by with being delinquent on what they  should have done in the first place.   With that, I yield back to the Senator from West Virginia.   