 Mr. Speaker, I rise to once again call for urgent  action to address the epidemic of gun violence in our Nation. What is  wrong with us as a people who we are increasingly here in this well  mourning needless gun deaths, yet we can't move in this body any  commonsense, wildly popular policies to keep our children and our  communities safe?   How many more shootings will we have to endure? How many more lives  will have to be lost before Congress--let me be specific here--before  my Republican colleagues will do anything to help take care of our kids  and our communities?   We have put to this Congress legislation to require universal  background checks, ban assault weapons, get ghost guns off our streets,  and store firearms safely. Yet, not one of my Republican colleagues can  find the will or the courage to support any of this lifesaving  legislation. For goodness' sake, these bills are law-and-order  legislation.   Every day, more than 100 people die from gun violence in this  country. In the first 6 months of this year alone, more than 23,000  people have lost their lives needlessly to gun violence in the United  States. I represent Highland Park, Illinois, which is still reeling  from a mass shooting last July Fourth when seven people were murdered  and more than 40 grievously wounded.   Last year, that was the 308th mass shooting in the country. This  year, we have already had more than 390 mass shootings.   These deaths impact us all. The trauma resonates throughout our  society. Right now, in America, when our children enter kindergarten,  one of the first things they learn is how to react and behave if an  active shooter enters their school.   As has been noted, gun violence is the leading cause of death for  children in the United States. As it says right there on the board,  guns are the leading cause of death for children in the United States.   Children are suffering post-traumatic stress from Highland Park in my  communities and in communities all around this Nation. Children are  facing violence every single day as they walk to school, as they study  in their class, and as they join their families in houses of worship.   Republican inaction is unconscionable. As I spend time in my district  talking to constituents, I constantly hear about how Congress needs to  tackle this issue.   Earlier this month, I held a roundtable with police chiefs in our  community. There were 17 community police chiefs plus our county  sheriff. The very first issue they raised with me, which was brought up  earlier by Mr. Thompson, was getting ghost guns off of our streets.   For those unfamiliar, ghost guns are unserialized and untraceable  firearms that can be bought online and assembled at home. These are  bought online by criminals and bought online by young kids who are too  young to buy guns in a store.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud today to be introducing the Ghost Guns and  Untraceable Firearms Act with my colleague and friend, Representative  Adriano Espaillat. Our legislation would amend the legal definition of  a firearm to include ghost guns, requiring those who buy gun components  to comply with Federal gun regulations.   I urge leadership to bring this and other critical commonsense gun  violence prevention bills to the floor immediately. This is not a  Republican or a Democratic issue. This issue affects every American in  every community in every State of our Nation, and we have to do our  jobs in this body to keep our communities and our children safe.   