 Madam President, we have a humanitarian and national  security crisis at our southern border. Just last month, Customs and  Border Protection encountered 241,000 contacts, people coming across  that southern border. That is three times the amount that we had in  October of 2020.   Since Joe Biden has been President, there have been 6.6 million  border contacts and 1.8 million ``got-aways.'' And the ``got-aways''-- those are the folks whom Customs and Border Protection, CBP, saw but  couldn't encounter, couldn't get to. That is more than President Obama  and President Trump's administration combined.   Children are being trafficked; people are dying; and the cartels are  profiting. And my colleague from Iowa just referenced the southern  border. In total, we have seen 172 people on the Terrorist Watchlist  try to enter our country in the last year--169 at the southern border.  And to put that in perspective, that number used to be in the single  digits every year. Last month, it was 12. We are encountering more  people on the FBI's Terrorist Watchlist in 1 month than we used to get  in an entire year.   Border security is national security. Certainly, the events in Israel  should bring home to us the danger of a border that is not properly  protected. And it is President Biden's policies that have led to this  humanitarian and security crisis.   Now, I have been down to the southern border four times, just  recently as well, and I have talked to the folks at CBP, and, yes, they  need some resources. Things like the aerostat blimps have been hugely  successful in being able to counter the cartel's drones to monitor  people trying to come across the border. So there are resources that we  can provide to our southern border to help strengthen. But you know  what the No. 1 thing they told me they needed? It was a change in  policy because it is the policy that is driving all these people to  take this dangerous journey to illegally cross into our country.   Well, now the Senate is going to take up border security, and  President Biden's solution is to ask for more money to help process all  the people coming across the border. That is not going to fly. If you  are just processing them more efficiently coming across the border, you  are not deterring anybody from coming across our border. It is the  policies that are sending a message to people to come here illegally.  The policy needs to change. So as we consider a bill--perhaps a  supplemental bill where we are going to have border security in it--it  must contain policy changes. The policy is what caused this. We have to  change the policy.    But what are some of those policies? We see that we have an asylum  system and a parole system that are broken. We need to address that,  and then we must have a first safe country policy. You may say, what is  a first safe country? Well, if you are seeking asylum and you are  fleeing your home country,  [[Page S5654]]  what this policy says is you stop in the first safe country and you  apply for asylum in the United States from there, not from within our  own country.   I know there are people who don't like this idea, but let me tell  you, Canada has this policy. So, for example, if you are traveling from  Mexico through the United States to get to Canada and you want to seek  asylum in Canada, you have to remain in the United States. That is  their policy. That is the Canadians' policy.   Do you know who else has that policy? The United Kingdom. In fact, I  have a chart right here with all the countries that have that policy-- Italy, France, Spain, Germany, Ireland. In fact, not only does our  northern neighbor have this policy, but 29 other countries have this  policy that you have to remain in the first safe country. What does  that mean? It means that if you are coming to our southern border, you  must remain in Mexico. That is a part of the policy changes that we  need to have. We must bring back ``Remain in Mexico.''   President Biden has direct responsibility for the humanitarian crisis  on our southern border. Children are being trafficked. People are  dying. The cartels are profiting off of all of this. He is responsible.  If he is not going to act, we in the Senate must act.   My Republican colleagues and I have put forward commonsense solutions  on how to address the issues at our southern border. We must have these  policy changes if we are going to pass any sort of supplemental that is  going to include additional funding for anything else.   The No. 1 issue we have here is addressing the humanitarian and  national security crises. That is a priority for the American people,  it is a priority for my Republican colleagues, and my Senate Democratic  colleagues must make that their priority as well.   