 Madam Chair, I move to strike the last word as the  designee of the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Granger).    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment which  prohibits security assistance for Ukraine.   The bill contains funding and conditions for the Ukraine Security  Assistance Initiative, which is different from the funding that has  been included in supplementals for Ukraine. This funding is not sent  directly to Ukraine; rather, it pays for training and procurement of  U.S. equipment.   Congress has funded this initiative every single year since it was  authorized in 2016 during both Democrat and Republican administrations.  Just last month, the House voted to authorize this funding at the same  level.   Madam Chair, this assistance and the partnership between Ukraine and  the California National Guard is what enabled the Ukrainians to beat  back the Russian invasion and greatly diminish Russia's conventional  military forces.   I have been very clear to the Department: No blank checks. That was  why this bill contains many new oversight provisions and funding for a  special inspector general for Ukraine, if authorized in the final NDAA.   The gentleman has often noted that funds used in support of Ukraine  should go to securing our southern border. I argue that we should  secure the border and partner with Ukraine to degrade Russia while  never taking our eye off China.   We do not yet know how the war will play out, but I do know that  voting for this amendment will send the wrong message at the wrong  time.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. As the  ranking member of the Defense Subcommittee just said, the Defense  Subcommittee is united in this entire process to try to bring  accountability to the table. It is practical and it is rational that we  have complete accountability and oversight.   That is why this bill contains many new oversight provisions,  including notification requirements before funds are spent, a GAO  review of the Defense Department's execution of Presidential draw-down  authority, a reporting requirement on increasing burden-sharing for  Ukraine, and a requirement that the inspector general review the  Department's end use monitoring program. These are provisions that go  directly to the heart of the gentleman's concerns about accountability.    This bill also includes funding for a Special Inspector General for  Ukraine, if authorized, in the National Defense Authorization Act. This  amendment furthers these efforts.   Madam, I urge a ``yes'' vote. I think I can speak for a good segment  of our Defense Subcommittee, including those on the other side of the  aisle, and I encourage a ``yes'' vote.   