 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today in joining a number of my  colleagues to pay tribute to the legacy of Senator Dianne Feinstein.   In the last couple of days since her unfortunate passing, much has  been said about my friend Dianne. She was a trailblazer who helped pave  the way for generations of women seeking public office. As the first  female mayor of San Francisco, she was elected to the Senate in 1992,  the so-called Year of the Woman, and she helped triple the number of  female Senators from two to six. Think about that. That was just in  1992. Although we still have a long way to go as we march toward true  representation in this body, today there are four times that many women  sitting in this Chamber, and, as many of them have already noted from  the floor, it is in part because of the legacy of Dianne Feinstein.   Dianne was propelled into office because she believed in the power of  public service to improve people's lives. It is why, having witnessed  the devastating effect of gun violence firsthand--literally coming up  on the murder of then-Supervisor Harvey Milk--she was such a champion  of gun safety.   Believing that weapons of war had no place on our streets, she  authored and shepherded into law the assault weapons ban. Although I  acknowledge that  [[Page S4886]]  my own record on this issue has been somewhat complicated, I am  convinced that this country would be far better and would be far safer  if that assault weapons ban was restored today.   In this and so many other ways, Senator Feinstein was long ahead of  the curve. She was a lifelong champion of equality, civil rights,  immigrants, and the gay community. She was proud to call herself an  environmentalist long before that term was even used.   Much has been said about her legacy on these issues, but as the  current chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I want to call  particular attention to her leadership on national security.   Let me cite right now that I have been in pretty regular contact with  my dear friend, the former chairman of the Senate Intelligence  Committee, the former Senator from North Carolina, Richard Burr, who  also wanted, through me, to express his condolences as well.   Among her many firsts, Senator Feinstein was the first woman to chair  the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. She served as chairman  from 2009 to 2015 and vice chairman from 2015 to 2017.   During her time as chair of the committee, the Senator led the  drafting and subsequent enactment of six consecutive authorization  bills following a 6-year span where we didn't do the IAA. These bills  are crucial tools to exercise oversight of the U.S. intelligence  community. They authorize funding for intelligence activities and add  or amend legislation affecting the IC.   But perhaps one of her greatest legacies was her unflinching  investigation into the brutal detention and interrogation methods used  by the CIA in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks.   As part of that report, which, I can tell you as a member of the  committee at that point, without her persistence, her diligence, would  not have gone through, as a part of that effort, the report that came  out of her investigation into CIA methods was a report that--committee  staff examined more than 6.3 million pages of records. They wrote a  6,700-page report, backed up by 38,000 footnotes, and eventually  released a public, 500-page, declassified, executive summary detailing  a host of brutal practices used against detainees, without--and this  was hard for those of us who supported the IC--without yielding  actionable intelligence to prevent terrorist attacks.   In doing so--again, I was a witness to this--Chairman Feinstein went  toe-to-toe with the CIA, went toe-to-toe with Presidents of two  different parties and others who were determined to bury that part of  the CIA's history. She made sure that we had a full reckoning.   I joined the committee in 2011, 2 years into Dianne's tenure as  chair. From her, I learned about both the intel, the necessity that  this committee be independent, that it needs to be bipartisan, and that  our role in oversight was critically important.   In so many ways, I am proud of the fact that under Senator Burr and  now under my tenure as leadership, we call ourselves the Senate  Intelligence Committee--the most bipartisan, fully functioning  committee not only in the Senate but in the whole Congress.   On a personal note, I remember--and I have such greater appreciation  for this now--when I was the new guy on the committee, I sat at the far  end of the dais. My particular interests were in satellites and  overhead. Whenever we had a hearing on the essential role that NGA,  NRO, and other Agencies play, in terms of overseeing the oversight of  our satellite imagery, and the fact that I felt we were sometimes  investing way too much in legacy systems, Dianne would always let me go  the extra minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes in terms of my questioning. That  is a type of courtesy and understanding that I have tried to emulate in  my role as chairman.   Sometimes, at the end of a long hearing, if you are the guy or the  gal at the end of the dais in your chair, you like things to be wrapped  up fairly quickly. She was always courteous. She was always  understanding. She allowed me the lane where I slowly developed some  level of expertise. And I stand here today proud of my work on that  committee.   But I learned so much from her about how to operate--how to operate  with integrity, how to operate in a bipartisan fashion, and with always  the eye on the ball that the work that the men and the women of the  intelligence community does is absolutely critical. But it is also  equally critical for those of us in Congress who are entrusted with the  oversight responsibility of that community that we do our job as well.   Like so many of my colleagues, we have lost a mentor. I lost a  friend, and the Senate has lost a giant.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, thank you for the courtesy of allowing me  to speak again. I just spoke about Dianne Feinstein.   Later today, the House is potentially acting on legislation. One of  the things Dianne was always clear-eyed about was our national security  threats and the challenges posed by autocratic nation-states like  Russia. I implore my friends in the House--a House that just this week,  by a vote of 330-plus, said they did not want to walk away from  Ukraine, our commitment at this moment, our military support, our  diplomatic support, our State Department support at this critical  junction in this world.   Well, in a crass, crass move, Republican House leadership is not only  trying to remove all assistance for Ukraine but literally trying to  prevent our Defense Department, our State Department, and other  Agencies from transferring already-existing funds to those necessary  areas that are going to be most in jeopardy if we walk away from  Ukraine at this moment in time. I implore those who have said time and  again that we need to stand up for Ukraine not to walk away at this  moment in time.   The truth is, what happens today, as European elections over the next  few weeks with forces that are not in support of democracy's continued  fight against the autocracy that Putin represents, the brutal  dictatorship that Putin represents--they will be watching.   I hope that we stand firm, as so many of us in this body alone, north  of 85 Senators, have come to the floor at one point or another or in  voting have said they want to stand with the people of Ukraine in their  strong fight. We are going to have to address that question later today  as we sort through these final hours before the imminent and totally  avoidable shutdown happens at midnight tonight.   I yield the floor.   