 Mr. Speaker, as Margaret Thatcher said, the problem with  socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money.   My wife is an immigrant from Eastern Europe, from Moldova, a former  Soviet satellite state. She came to this country in search of economic  opportunity and freedom and a better life for her and her family. She  left a former Communist country that is still dealing with the grips of  communism and socialist policies.   Let's be very clear. Communism and socialism have limited freedoms,  stymied economic innovation and opportunity, limited prosperity, and  left the very people it claims to help in a permanent state of poverty  and government dependence.   Conversely, capitalism has lifted people from poverty to prosperity  within a generation and made America the envy of the world.   To be clear, this resolution is not about Social Security or  Medicare, two programs with broad bipartisan support. It is about a  sick ideology that has destroyed nations, ruined lives, and resulted in  death and destruction around the world.   Now, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are twisting  themselves  [[Page H640]]  into knots trying to explain why they oppose this resolution. The sad  truth is, it is because their party has been taken over by a radical,  socialist ideology that they are held hostage to. They can't even  muster the courage to denounce it.   We are Americans. We should speak with one voice and denounce  socialism, communism, dictators, and despots at every turn.    Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this resolution,  denounce socialism, and proudly embrace capitalism, American innovation  and ingenuity, and the role it has played in promoting freedom and  democracy throughout the rest of the world.   I ask all of my colleagues to join me. It is very simple. This is not  about Social Security or Medicare. This is about denouncing socialism.  If you can't muster the strength to do that, that speaks volumes about  your party.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.  Res. 76. This is not about vengeance or retribution; it is about  accountability.   I represent New York's 17th Congressional District, home to one of  the largest Jewish populations in the country. Between Westchester,  Rockland, Putnam, and Dutchess counties, I represent almost 100,000  constituents that practice the Jewish faith.   I take the scourge of anti-Semitism very seriously. It is something  that must be rooted out in our society, as well as in the Halls of  Congress.   No one who peddles in anti-Semitic activity, behavior, or language  should have any right to serve on the House Foreign Affairs Committee,  which has an incredibly important role to play in partnering with our  strongest ally, the State of Israel.   Two of my predecessors, Ben Gilman and Eliot Engel, served as chairs  of this important committee. Israel's continued existence as a beacon  of liberty, democracy, and peace in the Middle East serves as a model  for other nations in the region and is something we should be  celebrating, not demeaning.   Comments made by Members of this body about support for Israel being  ``all about the Benjamins,'' or that the State of Israel is engaging in  apartheid are appalling, wrong, and disqualifying.   Additionally, those who dismiss 9/11 as some people who did  something, are you kidding me? It was a terrorist attack. It wasn't  some people doing something. Or to equate the United States and Israel,  both democratic nations, to the Taliban and Hamas, and those who  promote the anti-Semitic BDS movement--you are damn right they need to  be held accountable.   As a Member that represents a district that suffered greatly due to  9/11, and still has constituents grappling with the effects of that  horrific, tragic day, dying of 9/11 health-related situations, I find  those remarks jarring, alarming, and insulting.   To be clear, the Representative can say whatever the heck she wants,  but we don't have to accept it or embrace it. Individuals who hold such  hateful views should rightly be barred from that type of committee. We  cannot let the poisonous ideology of anti-Semitism permeate into policy  decisions that impact the lives of millions of Jews around the world.   I will stand up to anti-Semitism and defend Israel's right to exist  and the right of Jews everywhere to practice their faith peacefully and  safely. This is not about silencing anyone. The rise in anti-Semitism  is significant, and these hate crimes have not been prosecuted.    Madam Speaker, words matter. Rhetoric matters. It leads  to harm. The Congresswoman is being held accountable for her words and  her actions, and that is why I support this resolution.   