 Madam President, I have a few statements I would like to  make this morning, but I would like to respond to the Republican  leader's statement that he just completed.   I am not naive when it comes to Iran. I know what is happening there  from press reports. Their treatment of women is abominable. There is no  excuse for it. And the protests in the streets of Tehran and all across  that country really are an expression of human dignity which the United  States--at least I as a Senator in the United States--supports  publicly.   Secondly, there are no excuses for the assistance Iran is giving to  Vladimir Putin and his ruthless attack on the people of Ukraine. I  won't make excuses for that or any other terrorist conduct by Iran.   But for the record--for the record--it was President Obama who moved  forward with the notion that we ought to stop Iran from developing  nuclear weapons. They are guilty of bad conduct in many quarters, but  we didn't want them to have a nuclear weapon. We didn't think it made  America any safer, the Middle East safer, or our allies like Israel any  safer either.   So President Obama pushed for an arms control when it came to the  development of nuclear weapons, and Iran had put together a coalition  which sounds amazing today. To think that he could gather at one table  in this effort--Russia, China, Great Britain, France, the European  Union, and the United States in this effort to stop the Iranians from  developing a nuclear weapon was nothing short of a political miracle.   It was resisted every step of the way by the Republicans. They didn't  want to have this. We did it anyway. And with this nuclear effort was  an inspection team--an international inspection team--on the ground in  Iran to make sure they didn't violate it. We were safer--not by much,  but we were safer then. And then who came along but President Donald  Trump who said his approach would be just the opposite.  [[Page S645]]  We are going to eliminate the whole program to stop Iran from  developing a nuclear program, and he did.   So for the Republicans to come before us today and argue that we are  not being tough enough on Iran, I would like to tell them that I am not  going to make excuses for Iran and its foreign policy. But there are  nuclear weapons we had a chance to do something about, and some of us  voted for it, some of us voted against it. I think that ought to be a  matter of public record.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fetterman), and the  Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.   