 Mr. President, I am honored to follow my colleague  from Kansas and engage in this bipartisan colloquy for a measure that  truly has bipartisan support. My thanks to Senator Klobuchar for her  leadership as well. And I am going to be followed by Senator Coons, who  has dedicated himself to civil rights and liberties around the world.   This issue is one that rises above politics. Every so often in this  body, we are able to rise above politics, never often enough for many  of us. But here is an opportunity to put down a marker, to make a  statement, to show with our votes that a great Nation keeps promises.  America is the greatest Nation in the history of the world. We need to  keep our promises. And I know about those promises, not only as a  member of the Armed Services Committee who has visited Afghanistan  several times but also as a father. My two sons served during this  period of time. My oldest son Matthew was an infantry officer in the  Marine Corps, in Helmand Province. My second son is a Navy SEAL. And  let me just put it very bluntly: As a dad, as a public official, as an  American citizen, I want Americans who are deployed overseas to be  helped by people in the country that we are fighting to serve. Not only  in America and our self-interest here, but also abroad when our troops  are deployed and put in harm's way, they depend on exactly the kind of  Afghan allies whom we promised we would not abandon.   And if we want to count on those kinds of allies all around the  world--not only in Afghanistan and Iraq and that part of the world, but  in Africa, in South America--we need to keep our promises. If we lose  that credibility and trust, our troops will be in danger. Our sons and  daughters will be at risk when they depend on those interpreters, the  guards, the guides, the security aides, and all of the kinds of allies  that we enlist--Afghan allies--who put their lives on the line and now  have targets on their backs if they were ever to return.   It is bad enough that many of those allies are still in Afghanistan  and at risk of torture and murder, but we need  [[Page S3569]]  to keep faith with the Afghan refugees who have come to this country. I  want to salute the veterans, as did my colleague Senator Moran. They  have been heroes in this fight. Their championing this cause has made a  tremendous difference, and I thank them for recognizing that there is a  moral imperative here. That is the reason that our promise needs to be  kept.   And I will just close--and there is much more that I could say, but I  know colleagues would like to comment, as well, in the limited time we  have--by saying that these families, these Afghan refugees, are coming  to this country, and they are flourishing here. They are contributing  to their communities. They have jobs that matter. They are learning our  language. They are imparting to our people the rich cultural heritage  that they bring with them, the tastes and the colors of their country,  as well as their incredible history. They are enriching the United  States of America. We need to keep them here, and we need to give them  the security and sense of permanency that is essential for them to  continue to flourish.   They can't have jobs, they can't put their children in schools, and  they can't keep housing if they are in limbo. So as a practical matter,  we must move. We should have done it last session. We have the  opportunity now. It is an obligation. Let's vote on this amendment to  enable our Afghan allies to stay in this country as they deserve and  need to do.    Mr. President, I have but a few minutes to speak to  my colleagues and to the Senator from Alabama, but, more important, to  the American people. I have only minutes, but the damage of this hold  will be years. Be aware, America. Be angry, America, as I am angry, as  a member of the Armed Services Committee, as a dad of two veterans--a  Marine Corps officer who served in Afghanistan and a Navy SEAL who  served during these last 20 years. And all of the veterans of America  who are angry that our U.S. military is being used as a political pawn,  is held hostage; that brave, determined professionals who want to lead  and take our military to the fight that lies ahead--they are in limbo.  And it isn't just the 273. It is all who report to them, all who depend  on them, all who look to them for leadership.   I had breakfast this morning with the Acting Commandant, General  Smith, of the U.S. Marine Corps. For the first time in 100 years, the  U.S. Marine Corps has no Commandant.   Vice Admiral Franchetti, who was chosen to lead the Navy, the first  woman to be in that position, has been held hostage.   Gen. Charles Brown, uniquely accomplished aviator and leader, unable  to assume his responsibility as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.   And under them, men and women like Lt. Gen. James Bierman, nominated  to be Lieutenant General of the United States Marine Corps and Deputy  Commandant for Plans, Policies, Operations; and Maj. Gen. Bradford  Gering, to be a Lieutenant General in the United States Marine Corps  and Deputy Commandant, Aviation.   These men have served 35 years.   Maj. Gen. Gregory Masiello, to be Lieutenant General of the United  [[Page S3595]]  States Marine Corps and Director, Defense Contract Management Agency.   These men and women have put their careers, their lives, their  families on the line, and now they are waiting because our colleague  from Alabama wants to make a political point. He has a political  policy, and he is using these military nominees as pawns and hostages.  It is nothing short, in effect, of an assault on our U.S. military.   So nothing I say here may persuade him, but what is happening is a  travesty and a tragedy for our Nation, because it undermines not just  our readiness now but our recruitment in the future.   The Marine Corps is the only service that is making its recruitment  goals. The Army, the Navy, the Air Force, all are down significantly.  And this action, which disgracefully and shamefully puts our readiness  at risk and serious danger, also undermines our ability to attract the  best and the brightest in this country as our military has always done.  It is the reason we have the greatest military in the world.   We have all of the weapons systems. We have the kinds of hardware  that we need. But, most importantly, we need the great men and women  who will be discouraged by this action by the Senator from Alabama.   So I plead with him; but, most important, I ask the American people  to be aware and be angry, as we all should be. And I hope that my  colleagues will join the American people in persuading him that this  kind of hold is shameful and disgraceful and should be rejected.   I yield the floor.   