 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss H.R. 2, the House Republicans'  border bill that fails to fix our broken immigration system.   I have been to our southern border twice since January because I do  believe it is important that we experience those challenges firsthand.  Despite there being an immense amount of work to do at our border, this  legislation fails to meet the moment.   Instead of solutions, Republicans want a wall; a wall that would  immediately be obsolete upon completion and would only serve as a  painful reminder of the Republicans' failed border policies; a wall  that would cost almost $25 million per mile to complete, resulting in a  total bill to the American taxpayers of over $11 billion.   For a party that talks about wasteful government spending, how can  this possibly be the best use of our taxpayer dollars?   Mr. Speaker, I and my colleagues on the Homeland Security Committee  offered numerous amendments to this  [[Page H2222]]  bill to address some of its core deficiencies. When I offered an  amendment to strike this wasteful spending on an inefficient wall, it  was rejected by every single Republican.   Operation Blue Lotus, a Biden administration program, has stopped  over 4,000 pounds of fentanyl from being brought into the U.S. and has  led to dozens of arrests and the seizure of thousands of pounds of  illicit drugs. Yet, when I offered an amendment to provide  congressional authorization for this successful program, it was  rejected, again, by every single Republican.   Even on the issues that Republicans talk most about, like fentanyl,  this bill fails to address those challenges.   Even worse, this bill treats migrants as our enemies instead of our  neighbors who are simply looking to give their families the  opportunities to be hopeful about their tomorrows, to give them their  fair shot at their American Dream, the fair shot that all of our  families were given by this country.    This bill also seeks to punish nonprofits and NGOs that, by caring  for our most vulnerable neighbors, reflect the best of who we are as a  country. Organizations like Catholic Charities that feed, house, and  take care of migrants could lose Federal funding by simply fulfilling  their spiritual mission of supporting those most in need.   Democrats offered amendments to ensure that NGOs would not be  penalized for providing services to pregnant women, children, and  families. Each amendment failed because not a single Republican was  willing to stand up and vote for it.   This should not be who we are as a country. If this bill becomes law,  it will say to the world that this is who we have become.   Mr. Speaker, I am a ``no'' on H.R. 2, and I urge all of my colleagues  to do the same.   