 I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to speak for  up to 5 minutes and Senator Stabenow be permitted to speak up to 1  minute prior to the scheduled vote.    Mr. President, on the merits, this resolution is just  absurd. The Department of Agriculture is not, as Senator Cruz alleges,  punishing schools based upon how they label bathrooms or what they  teach in health classes. The offenses that Senator Marshall and Senator  Cruz are alleging here are just made up.   What the Department is saying is simple: If you are feeding poor  kids, it shouldn't matter whether that kid is straight or gay or  transgender, whether they are Black or White, whether they are Catholic  or Protestant. You can't choose not to feed a kid because of their  ethnicity, their race, or their sexual orientation. That is just common  sense. I will guarantee you, 90 percent of the Americans agree with  that sentiment.   The reason we are debating this resolution, though, isn't because  there is a problem that needs to be solved. We are debating this  resolution because the rightwing in this Nation has launched a  relentless and unceasing campaign to marginalize, demonize, and bully  kids who are gay, transgender, or nonbinary.   All across the country, the Republican State legislatures are  introducing bills designed to demonize gay children, to make people  believe that these kids are a threat to others, hundreds and hundreds  of bills all centered on the same lie as this resolution: That it is  not OK to be gay, that it is abnormal to be transgender, and that  society should rally around efforts to bully and shame these children  and their families.   A few weeks ago, I finished up my annual walk across the State of  Connecticut. I do it each year. I spend a week walking about 20 miles a  day, talking to hundreds of people--most of them totally nonpolitical-- about what they care about and what they want their leaders to be  working on. Do you know what nobody talked to me about on that walk?  Children's sexual orientation, drag shows in schools, bathroom  labeling. Do you know what they did talk to me about? Wages not keeping  up with costs, the safety of their neighborhoods, Israel, opioids, drug  costs.   This obsession that Senator Marshall and Senator Cruz and their  rightwing allies have with the sexual orientation of our kids is so  divorced from what people are actually talking about in this country.   It is no wonder the candidacy of Ron DeSantis--really founded on his  relentless similar campaign of attacks against gay kids and adults in  Florida--is floundering because even primary voting Republicans think  that this obsession that Republicans have with children's sexual  orientation or gender identity is just super creepy and super weird,  and it has nothing to do with the actual set of problems this Nation is  facing.   But there is one problem attached to this resolution: There are  consequences to what Senator Marshall and Senator Cruz are proposing.  When leaders choose to make bullying and marginalizing gay kids a top  priority, kids listen. Fuel gets given to their bullies. People like  the Senators who are sponsoring this resolution legitimatize attacks on  gay kids and make those kids feel inferior and alone.   The students at Seth Walsh's school were systematic in the way they  targeted him because he was gay. They pushed him down the stairs. They  kicked him until he was badly bruised. They screamed at him. They  called him names. No doubt these bullies took direction and inspiration  from adults who paved the way, who endorsed this kind of behavior.   Then one day after one of these incidents, a frightened Seth called  his mom, and he said, ``Mom, you have to come get me right now.'' His  mother could feel the fear in his voice, so she grabbed Seth's little  brother, and they rushed out the door, they went to the school, and  they brought him home. His mom was so supportive. That afternoon, they  just sat and they talked.   Seth went upstairs and took a shower to calm himself down.  Afterwards, he came downstairs and asked his mom for a pen, told her he  was going outside to play with the dogs. Ten minutes later, his mom  went outside to continue this conversation with her son, but it was too  late. Seth had hung himself from a tree, and the pen he had asked for  was for his suicide note.   Seth Walsh was 13 years old.   A recent survey of transgender youth showed that half of them--52  percent of them--have contemplated suicide over the last year. Just  think about that for a second. Half of the kids who are transgender  come to the conclusion at some point in their young lives that they  would be better off dead--dead--than to live in a world that believes  they are threats to be marginalized or expunged.   How small, how tiny do you have to be to reach a position of  political leadership and choose to use that position to bully or shame  kids like Seth.   This campaign of targeting and marginalizing gay and transgender  kids, trying to convince the country that they are threats to this  country, it is just wrong on the facts, it is wrong morally, it has  lethal consequences, and it should stop.   