 Madam President, it was a busy weekend for the U.S.  military, which has now shot down three unidentified objects over North  American airspace in as many days.   On Friday, an F-22 took down an object hovering over Alaska, which  officials described as being about the size of a small car. On  Saturday, an F-22 brought down an object over Canada that was described  only as cylindrical. On Sunday, an F-16 shot down another unidentified  object over Lake Huron, which was traveling at about 20,000 feet--low  enough to interfere with commercial air traffic.   Given the high profile of the Chinese spy balloon, this is,  obviously, of great interest to the American people.   Over the last several days, starting in late February, the American  people watched as China's surveillance balloon traveled across the  country before President Biden finally instructed the military to shoot  it down off the coast of South Carolina. That was just 9 days ago. The  military is still recovering pieces of that balloon from the bottom of  the Atlantic in an effort to gain some answers, but given everything  that has happened in the interim, the swirl of questions has only  grown.   The United States has shot down four objects flying over our country  since February 4, and they have identified one of those four objects.  Based on what we know now or perhaps what we don't know now, we know  the government has shot down three objects of unknown provenance. Since  they don't know what they are, presumably, they don't know where they  came from; yet the President ordered them shot down. We have not been  told whether they were emitting any sort of signature, like heat, which  might be picked up by an infrared sensor, or some other signal, with  data either coming from or going to that object. So you can imagine  that the American people have a lot of questions about these  unidentified objects as well as the broader threat to our national  interest.   They are looking to the administration for answers, and the only path  forward is full and complete transparency. President Biden needs to  explain what happened and just how concerned the American people should  be, and he needs to consult with Congress and share the information he  has with us. Until that happens, speculation will only intensify. If  you don't know what the cause of a particular concern is or an anxiety  or maybe even a threat, it is only human nature to speculate and  imagine the very worst. So the last several days have prompted a lot of  questions, and I hope the administration will provide some necessary  answers soon.   I expect the Chinese spy balloon and these unidentified objects will  be the topics of discussion in the Senate this week. I know all of our  colleagues, Republican and Democrat alike, are eager to learn more, and  I hope the administration will be what it has not yet been, and that is  forthright and transparent.   