 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1034. I ask  that it be reported by number. I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Menendez and I each have 3 minutes to discuss this amendment.    Mr. President, as we all know, the International  Monetary Fund--or the IMF, as we call it--is an international bank.  Most countries belong to it--190, in fact. Virtually every country in  the world is a member of the IMF--there are 190 countries--and  everybody puts up money. When another country gets in trouble, the IMF  helps bail them out.   Now, not every country in the IMF is equal in voting rights. The  countries that put up the most money get most of the voting rights and  have most of the control. And you will not be surprised to learn that  the United States of America puts up over $100 billion, and we have the  largest share of voting rights.   Periodically, the IMF issues what are called special drawing rights.  The technical definition of a special drawing right is an international  reserve asset created by and issued by the IMF. But forget that. Let me  tell you what a special drawing right is. A special drawing right is  like a dividend. Think of it as a poker chip. So the IMF says: We are  going to give dividends or poker chips to every member of the IMF.   Well, what can you do with this poker chip? Well, if you are Iran,  for example, you can take this poker chip and go to the IMF and say  ``Here is my poker chip, and I want $1.42''--that is the exchange  rate--``of U.S. dollars,'' whether Iran needs it or not. Pretty sweet  deal.   Iran would never have to pay back that money. The IMF does charge  Iran interest on those U.S. dollars. Iran wouldn't have to pay it back,  but they have to pay interest. Guess what the interest rate is. It is  .05 percent--not 5 percent, .05 percent. Sweet deal for Iran,  especially when they don't need the money.   My amendment would simply say that the United States cannot-- Secretary of the Treasury--cannot vote to approve special drawing  rights, or these poker chips, for any country that, according to the  State Department, sponsors genocide or state-backed terrorism--genocide  or state-backed terrorism--unless Congress approves.   I will reserve my time but yield to Senator Menendez, my good friend  from New Jersey.    Mr. President, how much additional time do I have?    Mr. President, this bill will not take poker chips--and  that is what they are--away from any country unless they are engaging  in genocide or State-sponsored terrorism. That is it. The world will  not spin off its axis. If you think a country that commits genocide or  State-sponsored terrorism should get poker chips, vote against this  bill.   