 Madam President, public reports indicate that the  armed forces of Ukraine have begun their long-planned counteroffensive  in earnest. Having blunted Putin's unprovoked escalation last year,  Ukraine is aiming to drive Russian forces back and out of occupied  Ukrainian territory on multiple fronts.   Reaching this point in the conflict is, of course, due in large  measure to the heroism of the brave Ukrainians defending their  homeland, but their success is also--also--a credit to the tangible  support of the United States, NATO allies, and friends around the globe  who value the same sovereignty and territorial integrity which is under  attack in Ukraine.   The acute threat of Russian aggression helped wake many of our  European friends from a holiday from history. Putin's escalation drove  many of our closest allies to start investing more seriously in their  own defense and contribute more readily to collective security. This  is, of course, a positive development and a critical one as we look  toward deterring aggression from China.   At the same time, America's support for Ukraine has done much more  than sustain their defense. As I have said repeatedly, sending lethal  Western capabilities to the frontlines has been a direct investment in  our own security in a number of concrete ways.   First, equipping our friends on the frontlines to defend themselves  is a far, far cheaper way, in both dollars and American lives, to  degrade Russia's ability to threaten the United States.   Second, Ukraine's effective defense of its territory is teaching us  lessons about how to improve the defenses of partners who are  threatened by China. It is no surprise that senior officials from  Taiwan are so supportive of efforts to help Ukraine defeat Russia.   Third, most of the money that has been appropriated for Ukraine's  security assistance doesn't actually go to Ukraine; it gets invested in  American defense manufacturing. It funds new weapons and munitions for  U.S. Armed Forces to replace the older materiel we have provided to  Ukraine.  [[Page S2038]]    So let me be clear: This assistance means more jobs for American  workers and newer weapons for American servicemembers.   I know that media reports about U.S. assistance to Ukraine have been  really quite confusing--so has the Biden administration's messaging.  Last week, for example, the administration announced what it called a  ``new'' package of security assistance to Ukraine.   In reality, this is the latest tranche of assistance. It is not a new  appropriation. It is just the latest in a slow and steady  disbursement--perhaps too slow and too steady--of assistance previously  approved by an overwhelming bipartisan majority in Congress.   I will have more to say as Ukraine continues to push Vladimir Putin's  forces backward, and Senate Republicans will continue our efforts to  invest in America's own national security.   