 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 1, the Lower Energy  Costs Act, legislation offered by our majority leader that will fulfill  House Republicans' commitment to America and focuses on one of the most  pressing issues facing communities in Ohio and across the country.   Over the past 2 years, I have heard from countless people in Ohio's  Fifth District that the soaring cost of energy has negatively impacted  family budgeting, business operations, and agricultural output.   One retired individual told me that his gas budget plan went from  $100 a month to $160.   Farmers in my district were hit hard because of the need to fuel  their farm equipment and purchase fertilizer and other materials made  from petroleum products. In 2022, operating costs for ag producers went  up a whopping 30 percent. This resulted in higher food and grocery  costs for consumers, eating up a larger share of the family budget.   There is no way around it: Energy plays a huge role in America's  economy. Plants in northern Ohio, such as glass, steel, and food  processing, depend on reliable and affordable energy.   When I asked stakeholders at a recent Energy and Commerce roundtable  whether we need more or less power in the future to meet demand, it was  unanimous. Our economic future depends on the generation of more power,  not less.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration's policy of restricting  access to and production of energy resulted in higher costs.   After promising throughout 2020 that he was going to shut down  American energy production, President Biden came into office and  immediately canceled the Keystone XL pipeline, which would have carried  830,000 barrels per day from Canada. This ill-conceived order also  eliminated good-paying American jobs.   He then halted new oil and gas leases on Federal lands, slowed or  halted the permitting process for new oil and gas projects, and  authorized financial regulators to issue new rules to make it harder to  invest in the oil and gas industry.   Instead of recognizing that his failed policies were causing prices  to increase, the administration called on countries like Russia,  Venezuela, Saudi Arabia, and other OPEC nations for relief and  authorized historic releases from our Strategic Petroleum Reserve to  manipulate the markets.   To the surprise of no one, all of these gimmicks failed, and the  American people have paid the price. That ends today.   H.R. 1 represents the culmination of our early efforts to solve the  problem of lowering energy costs. It will increase domestic energy  production, reform restrictive and costly permitting processes, reverse  the Biden administration's anti-American energy policies, and boost the  processing and production of critical minerals.   This legislation also includes my bill, the REFINER Act, to boost  refining capacity in the United States. In order to meet the energy  demands of the American people, we need more refining infrastructure to  transform products into fuel and other petroleum products.   We also need increased capacity to keep the prices of everyday goods  down, like medicine, hygiene products, clothing, home improvement  products, and more.   The REFINERY Act will provide us with the much-needed blueprint to do  just that, and I urge my colleagues to support the legislation.   