 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S1989]]     Mr. President, last week, Congress successfully passed  legislation, the Fiscal Responsibility Act, to raise the debt ceiling  and avert a default. I am pleased that the final legislation paired an  increase in the debt ceiling with real spending reforms, but I don't  need to tell anyone that things came down to the wire.   President Biden wasted months refusing to negotiate on a debt ceiling  deal before finally yielding to the political realities of divided  government and coming to the negotiating table. And while we got about  as good of an agreement as we could have hoped for in this situation-- again, including meaningful spending reforms the Democrats initially  rejected--things didn't need to come to this crisis point. Had  President Biden come to the negotiating table sooner, we might not have  been passing the Fiscal Responsibility Act just days before our Nation  would have defaulted.   This isn't the first crisis of inaction in this Presidency. President  Biden has made a habit of ignoring or failing to meet crisis  situations, with predictably problematic results. The border crisis is  one notable example. It took 2 years of recordbreaking numbers of  illegal crossings at our southern border before the President made any  real move to even begin to address the crisis--2 years--2 years in  which he mostly pretended the border crisis didn't even exist.   The President didn't want there to be a border crisis, presumably  because he knew it would serve as an indictment of his open border  policies. So he simply ignored the reality.   Unfortunately, Border Patrol agents and our Nation's overwhelmed  border communities didn't have that option. They had to spend 2-plus  years now dealing with all the ramifications of unchecked illegal  immigration at our southern border.   While it is a good thing that the President has finally made some  moves to address the crisis, his inaction has taken a terrible toll on  Border Patrol agents and our border communities and on migrants  themselves.   We have seen a similar situation with inflation. Even as it became  clear the Democrats' so-called American Rescue Plan had helped set off  a serious inflation crisis, the President and his administration  dismissed the problem. And they didn't just dismiss the problem; they  doubled down on the strategy that got our country into this mess in the  first place.   While the President was eventually forced to, at least halfheartedly,  acknowledge our inflation crisis, he still can't bring himself to  acknowledge what caused it, and that is the Democrats' big spending  priorities. And he has continued to pursue new government spending,  from his nearly trillion-dollar student loan giveaway to a budget that,  in a few short years, would have us spending $10 trillion annually.   Perhaps the most devastating example of the President's failure to  recognize and act on the realities of the situation came with his  disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan. Even as it was becoming  appallingly clear that Afghanistan was headed for takeover by the  Taliban, the President delayed or simply failed to take the necessary  steps to withdraw American citizens and the Afghan allies who aided us.  The result was a chaotic evacuation that saw the deaths of 13 U.S.  servicemembers and scores--literally scores--of Afghan civilians and  left both U.S. citizens and thousands of our Afghan allies behind as  the Taliban took over the country.   It is fortunate that the months President Biden spent refusing to  acknowledge the need to negotiate on a debt ceiling agreement did not  result in serious consequences for our country. Things were not looking  good for a while, but the President ultimately recognized that divided  government requires negotiation and compromise.   But a lot of his other leadership failures have had serious and  permanent consequences. The President's failure to acknowledge and  address the reality of the border crisis has allowed hundreds of  thousands of individuals to evade law enforcement and enter our country  illegally, left border communities and American cities struggling to  provide for the mass influx of migrants, and, undoubtedly, facilitated  the flow of cross-border criminal activity like fentanyl trafficking.   As I said, the President's failure to recognize and acknowledge the  reality of the situation in Afghanistan, including by ignoring the  State Department dissent cable, resulted in the deaths of American  servicemembers and Afghan civilians.   Meanwhile, the President's persistent failure to fully recognize the  realities of inflation and its roots and Democrats' reckless spending  continues to leave our economy and American families vulnerable to more  of Democrats' big spending policies.   There are around 18 months left in the President's current term and a  lot of challenges for our Nation to address. I hope that the debt  ceiling negotiations mark the start of a new era, one in which the  President spends more time dealing with things as they are and less  time pursuing an agenda divorced from the reality of the economic and  security challenges that our Nation faces, because our country and the  American people cannot afford a repeat of the first 2 years of this  President's administration.   I yield the floor.   