 Mr. President, 15 months ago, I spoke here on the Senate  floor to commemorate the victims of a shooting at Oxford High School in  Oxford, MI. And just over 2 weeks ago, as a gunman opened fire at  Michigan State University, our State lived through yet another  nightmare. Another routine evening turned tragic. Another community was  left scarred by unimaginable gun violence. And another three families  will never see their children come home.    Just after 8 p.m., on a crisp Monday evening, gunfire erupted at  MSU's Berkey Hall. As the alerts poured in, students all across campus  huddled in fear. Some blockaded their dorm rooms and turned off the  lights. Others grabbed whatever objects were nearby in case they needed  to fight back. Parents called their children to check in if they were  safe and worried if it could be the last time that they spoke. Those  near the gunman hid under tables and ran for their lives. One student  said it sounded like a stampede as they tried to escape.   In the end, three of their classmates did not make it. Three students  who had their entire lives ahead of them were stripped of their futures  in an instant.   Arielle Anderson, a 19-year-old from Harper Woods, was a sophomore.  She enjoyed roller skating, photography, and live concerts. A committed  student, she was working to graduate early and embark on a career as a  pediatrician. She had a fierce intellect and a deep love for her  family, touching everyone in her life with a kind and gentle spirit.   Alex Verner was 20 years old. She was a junior from Clawson and was  studying to become a forensic scientist. She was a gifted student  athlete in high school, excelling in softball and basketball and  volleyball, and a dedicated member of her community. Friends and  teachers describe her as a leader and a giver, someone who was always  smiling. One of her peers remembered that she was ``the very best of  us.''   Brian Fraser, the 20-year-old sophomore from Grosse Pointe had an  infectious smile and a sense of humor that could brighten an entire  room. As president of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity, he demonstrated a  commitment to service and to leadership. He had been studying business  and economics, but his life was cut short.   As a father and a fellow Spartan, my heart breaks for these gifted  students, for their families and friends, and the time that was stolen  from them. My heart breaks for those who survived who will carry the  weight of this horrific memory for years to come.   And while this scene unfolded, first responders and law enforcement  officials bravely leaped into action. Dedicated doctors and nurses have  worked around the clock to help the five students who were critically  injured. But I am grateful to these men and women for their tireless  work.   At the same time, I know that the students and staff at MSU and in  the broader East Lansing community will need time. They will need time  to heal in the wake of this tragedy, but they shouldn't have to do that  work alone. We can honor them by taking meaningful action, and we must  do that now.   Last year, Congress showed that commonsense reform is still possible  with the passage of the bipartisan Safer Communities Act, the most  significant legislation to address gun violence in nearly three  decades. It invests in mental health resources, expands school safety  measures, enhances background checks, and includes new guidelines to  make sure we keep guns from getting into the wrong hands.   While it is clear that this law did not go far enough, it has begun  to make critical changes. We are already starting to see its benefits  reach my State. Last week, Senator Stabenow and I welcomed $8 million  in Federal funding to the Michigan State Police. This investment will  help combat drug violence and enhance crisis intervention programs all  across the State of Michigan.   But there is so much more that we can and we must do. We must pass  legislation to expand Federal background checks to all gun sales, a  measure that I helped reintroduce in the Senate and one that is  supported by the overwhelming majority of the American people. We could  enact reasonable limits on high-capacity magazines and close dangerous  loopholes. We can pass red flag laws while still respecting the rights  of law-abiding, responsible gun owners. And we could invest in first  responders, like those who so bravely answered the call at Michigan  State.   The choice is ours to make. We could honor these young adults by  making change or we can play politics and let this cycle continue. But  for Arielle, Alex, and Brian, and for the students and staff at  Michigan State and for every family that has been torn apart by gun  violence, we must choose to act.   I yield the floor.   