 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I appreciate the opportunity to address  the Senate today as Vermont's new Senator, and I hope to express how I  will serve Vermont and our country, and I will outline the challenges  we face as a governing body and as a nation.   Most importantly, I will state why I believe that the U.S. Senate can  be an institution that renews the strength and vitality of the  democracy that all of us--whomever we represent and whatever views we  advocate--depend on for our mutual benefit.   But before I begin, I would like to say that my heart, today, is with  the people of Vermont. They are grappling with the brutal flooding that  hit us last week. And when I came to the floor last week after touring  the damage in Vermont, I pledged that, along with Senator Sanders and  Congresswoman Balint, we will do everything in our power to get the  people of Vermont the resources that they need to build back from this.  And I make that pledge again today, and I appreciate the leadership of  our senior Senator, Senator Sanders, in advocating for Vermont as we  recover from this real crisis.   I also appreciate the offers of help from so many of my colleagues  here in the Senate. One of the first Members who approached me was  Senator Kennedy from Louisiana, a State that has had to deal with more  than its share of natural calamities.   Vermonters, Madam President, have always supported emergency aid when  disaster struck others. Senator Sanders and I are very grateful for so  many assurances of support now that Vermonters face their own huge  recovery challenge.   I recently heard our colleague, Senator Eric Schmitt, from Missouri,  give his first speech. He spoke with real respect and reverence for the  people of Missouri--hardworking, honest, family- and community- oriented, and very generous. And I felt Senator Schmitt's deep  connection to the people who sent him here. In that respect, Senator  Schmitt spoke for me. In fact, he spoke for all of us. And Senator  Schmitt and I--and all of us--share something else: The citizens that  we represent, despite many differences on many issues, share common  needs; all the things that families and communities need--affordable  housing, safe schools, good healthcare, a secure environment for our  kids, and good jobs where you can pay your monthly bills and have a  little left at the end of the month. We share that in common.   So the question I have is this: If we share so much respect for the  citizens who sent us here in our commitment to their shared aspiration,  why can't we make more progress? Why are we so divided?   I believe there are two reasons: First, our democracy is more  imperiled at this time than at any time since our Civil War; and,  second, working middle-class Americans have been treading water  economically for the past 40 years. Top-down economic policies having  failed them. So the towns many of us grew up in with diverse economies  and vibrant downtowns, farms, and factories that support our  communities are vanishing. And many Americans, no matter how hard they  work, still struggle to pay their bills.   Our challenge is strengthening our democracy and improving the living  standards for everyday Americans. And we must do both, or we won't do  either. Democracy depends on trust. It also depends on results.   If conditions stagnate for working Americans and they fall further  behind, their trust in democracy will  [[Page S2975]]  begin to erode. And we need democracy to ensure that working families  have a seat at the table when their aspirations are at stake.   As a young person, I was the beneficiary of the fruits of democracy.  I grew up in the 1960s, one of six kids in an Irish-Catholic family in  Springfield, MA. It was stable and secure.   When I was asked where I was from, I answered by giving the name of  my Catholic parish, Holy Name, not the city of my birth. The sense of  community was paramount. Helping a neighbor is what you did,  reflectively and always.   When I was a boy, my mother did something that only later did I  realize what profound impact it had on me. She taught me what small  ``d'' democracy meant in practice. When I was in grammar school, I  didn't know what abortion was. I did know my parents were churchgoing  Catholics who were against it. It was also illegal in Massachusetts at  that time. And a neighbor across the street actually went to jail for  performing abortions. My mother made dinner every night for our family  of eight. And every week, she sent me across the street with another  hot dinner for our neighbors while their parent was away for a while.   When I think about what my mother did, I really hope I can follow her  example. Instead of vilifying a neighbor with whom she disagreed on  something that was really important to her, she made that family dinner  and helped a neighbor and their family through a very difficult time.   Wouldn't democracy be stronger, wouldn't our communities be stronger,  if we made dinner or gave a ride to the post office or helped out with  childcare for someone who needed a hand, even if we disagreed with  them?   Later, I attended Holy Cross College in Worcester, MA, like my father  and my three brothers. In those college years, two great issues  captured my attention: the word ``Vietnam'' and civil rights. And as I  was finishing up my second year at Holy Cross, I learned of a community  organizing project in the Lawndale neighborhood of the West Side of  Chicago. It was led by a Jesuit seminarian that was affiliated with  Martin Luther King, Jr.'s, Southern Christian Leadership Conference. I  was really interested. And I hitchhiked 900 miles from Springfield, MA,  to Chicago, IL. It really changed my life.   Lawndale was poor, ignored by city hall. We students went door-to- door asking about concerns. And when the lack of sanitation services  emerged as an issue, we got together with neighborhood folks and we  trucked trash from Lawndale to city hall. If they say you wouldn't pick  up the trash in Lawndale, we would bring it to city hall. It caught the  mayor's attention.   The next week there was a caravan of Chicago sanitation trucks  throughout Lawndale. It worked. But our fight didn't stop at trash  pickups. Just before I was to return to Holy Cross for my junior year,  we discovered that unscrupulous folks in real estate were brutally  exploiting Black families who were moving into Lawndale through a  practice what we now know as redline. And they were doing it with the  active help of the Federal Housing Authority and with the downtown big  banks. I was really shocked at the injustice. And what was most  shocking to me then, as an idealistic and eager young person who was  accustomed to being treated fairly, was that this immense infliction of  suffering on those families was legal. It was legal for banks and the  FHA to deny mortgages on the basis of the color of that person's skin.    So I had to make a decision at that point. It was time for me to  return to Holy Cross for my junior year. But that would come with a  cost: abandoning the neighborhood folks whose hopes we had helped raise  that they could get relief from these oppressive contracts. But that  felt wrong. Or I could drop out of Holy Cross and continue my community  organizing work. That came with a risk then: losing my student  deferment and being drafted--as many of my classmates from high school  had been--to go to Vietnam, a war that so many of us opposed. But it  felt right to stay and continue my work. And I stayed in Chicago.   During that next year, we created a successful neighborhood-led  organization called a Contract Buyers League. We exposed the rip-off  contracts, demonstrated in front of the big downtown banks, the Federal  Housing Authority. We picketed in the serene North Shore neighborhoods  of the contract sellers, exposing what they had done in exposure that  was long overdue. In short, we really raised hell--or as John Lewis  would say, ``good trouble.''   But we succeeded in getting then-Mayor Daley to help us renegotiate  these contracts and substitute them with legitimate mortgages that  folks should have had in the first place. It made a big difference in  the lives of many residents of Lawndale. And it certainly made a  difference in my life.   I saw the power of a community coming together. And I saw how  democracy was effective when people cooperate when they did work  together. And in seeing how much of that injustice was actually illegal  is when I made a lifelong commitment to two things: the law--if I  became a lawyer I could use the legal system to help people hurt by bad  laws; and politics--if I ran for the legislature, I could work to  change laws to address injustice and create opportunity and strengthen  communities.   In my years of service as a community organizer in Chicago, as a  State senator in Vermont, as a Member of the House of Representatives,  has taught me that democracy is more--it is more than an ideal we  strive for. It is the tool that we use to make meaningful differences  in the lives of people we love and in the lives of people we may never  meet.   We must preserve our democracy so that hard-working Americans can  finally gain economic security--the ability to pay those bills and have  a little left over and the ability to build stable communities. And,  hopefully, these communities can grow and thrive so that, one day, if  their kids decide to stay or they leave and return, they can do so with  a decent job and promising opportunities.   And as U.S. Senators, each of us has a unique and urgent opportunity  to revitalize our democracy and improve prospects for our constituents.   Let me acknowledge candidly, we have, within this body and within  this country, very substantial differences on many ideological issues.  But we also have many areas of agreement. You know, the folks in Katie  Britt's Alabama, in John Fetterman's Pennsylvania, and the folks in my  State of Vermont, they need and deserve the same things: affordable  childcare so parents can work; they need affordable homes and  apartments; they need the security that when they drop their child off  at the bus stop or at school, that child is going to return home  safely.   These are the building blocks of a strong community. These are among  the issues that the U.S. Senate should debate. You know, it is said  that the U.S. Senate is the greatest deliberative body. That is  something we know that is very much now in dispute. But we do have the  power to make it so. And in doing so, we can help restore democracy. We  can debate those issues and others on the Senate floor.   You know, should social media companies enjoy legal immunity for  anything their algorithms promote? Should we work for a sustainable  budget but talk about spending and revenues? Is it acceptable that we  have the most expensive healthcare system in the world that leaves so  many people behind? How do we act immediately and effectively to stop  climate change from burning up the planet?   The Senate can deliver, and it can and should debate. But  deliberation should be in service of making a good decision. It should  be in service of achieving an outcome. It should not be a device by  which delay is endless and resolution nonexistent.   Every Senator I know is genuinely honored to be serving in this body.  Every Senator takes her and his responsibility very seriously. But  every Senator I know realizes that the honor of service is hollow  unless we get good things done. That is our job.   And as a Senator, I will use the valuable lessons of democracy I have  learned: from my parents, the importance of helping a neighbor you may  disagree with; from my time in Chicago, the power of democracy in  action; and from Vermont, struggling today with the onslaught of the  flood, the strength of community that shows us, that even on the  toughest of days, the ability to achieve when we work together.   We in this country and in this Senate may face significant  challenges. We  [[Page S2976]]  have opportunities to succeed if we face those challenges together.   (Applause, Senators rising.)   I yield the floor.   