 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today, there are new revelations, new  evidence about the extent of the radioactive contamination that has  plagued the St. Louis area since the forties.   Where did this radioactive contamination come from? Simple, it came  from the Federal Government. Beginning in the forties in the Manhattan  Project, St. Louis was a center of development for uranium. But what  did the Federal Government do when the Manhattan Project concluded?  Well, we know more today after 15,000 pages of documents that had  previously not been released were obtained by a parents' rights group  in St. Louis and shared with news organizations.   Here is what we learned. The Federal Government gave this radioactive  waste, fobbed it off, onto companies in the region--who did what?--who  poisoned the water, who poisoned the soil, who poisoned the air, and  the government knew about it. Oh, yes, they knew about it. They knew  about it for decades, and for year upon year upon year, they played  down the threats. They tried to hide the evidence. They told the people  of St. Louis: Oh, everything is fine. Don't be worried. Don't worry at  all. It is all fine.   Meanwhile, kids were playing along a creek filled with radioactive  waste. Kids were going to school in buildings contaminated by the  waste. Residents were coming out to houses, building homes in areas  contaminated.   And then the government wonders why the levels of cancer and  autoimmune diseases and rare genetic disorders have spiked in the St.  Louis region. Oh, we know. We know. It is because of the radioactive  material from the Federal Government dumped into the St. Louis water  and air and soil.   Let's just review what we have learned. We now know that as early as  1949--that is right, 1949--the Federal Government paid a contractor--a  private contractor--to dispose of waste. But instead, that contractor  left the radioactive waste in steel drums sitting out in the open in  the elements, right next to a creek called Coldwater Creek, familiar to  just about everybody who lives in the St. Louis region.   It is familiar because whole housing developments and neighborhoods  and--oh, yeah--schools have been built along Coldwater Creek. As early  as the forties, that radioactive waste begins to leech out of those  steel drums into the water.   And it gets worse. The same Federal Government paid another  contractor to dispose of other waste. And what did they do? Rather than  dispose of it, they drove it to a public landfill. And in the early  seventies, they just dumped the waste right into the landfill. They  dumped it right into the landfill.   ``How did this happen?'' you might ask. Well, as it turns out, that  is a violation of Federal law.   You think?   But what did the Federal Government do about it in the seventies,  when they learned that this government-paid contractor had carried out  this illegal act? Did they prosecute him? Did they fine him? Did they  at least have a hearing and ask some questions? No, no, and no. They  did nothing. So the waste seeped into the soil, spread into the soil,  and all the time the people of St. Louis were told: Don't worry. Don't  worry. It is all going to be fine.   In 1976, government tests--government tests--revealed that the levels  of radiation in the creek water were at extremely dangerous levels-- 1976. Here we sit in 2023, and we are told by the same Federal  Government--the EPA, Department of Energy, Army Corps--that the cleanup  of Coldwater Creek won't be done until at least 2038.   Earlier this year, the school alongside Coldwater Creek, an  elementary school, had to close, apparently permanently, because of  radioactive contamination found inside the school. In response to that,  this body took action and passed my bill to mandate Federal cleanup of  the school and, if it can't be cleaned up, a new school to be built.   I thank my colleagues for their unanimous support for that activity,  but that is not going to be enough. No, it is clear today that further  action is needed because the Federal Government has caused this harm. I  want to be crystal clear about this. This is not the people of St.  Louis saying that we had a weather incident, which would be bad enough.  It is not a natural disaster, which would be terrible. No, no, no, this  is their government using them, essentially, as human guinea pigs. This  is their government dumping radioactive material into their water, into  their soil, and then lying to them about it, not even for a year or 2  years but for three-quarters of a century.   And it still continues today. As I stand here, the Army Corps of  Engineers insists there needs to be no further testing either around  the elementary school, which is now closed, or anywhere else in the St.  Louis region. And, at the same time, the EPA is admitting that the  radioactive contamination of the soil has spread further than they  previously admitted.   I mean, what is it going to take to get some basic justice for the  people of St. Louis? We are talking about working people. These are  people who moved to these regions of the city in search of a quiet  neighborhood, a good school for their kids, an opportunity for a better  future. These are parents who allowed their kids to play in the creek  because wasn't it awesome to have a creek right by their neighborhood.  These are parents who sent their kids to the school trusting they would  get a great education. And what did they get instead? Exposure to  radioactive contamination.   This shouldn't happen in this country. When it does happen, the  Federal Government should make it right. That is what needs to happen  now. I am sick to death of hearing the excuses from this government for  decades on end. I am sick of the lies that they have told to the people  of St. Louis, to working people from neighborhoods all across the city,  that everything is just going to be fine: Just trust us; it is all  going to work out.   I am tired of this administration, which has still refused to answer  my repeated pleas--repeated--to mount a cleanup effort at Jana  Elementary  [[Page S2348]]  School, to clean up Coldwater Creek. All we get is finger-pointing and  blame-shifting. The Department of Energy says it is the Army Corps'  fault. The Army Corps says it is the Department of Energy's fault.  Heck, for the recent news reports, the Department of Energy wouldn't  even comment. They referred the reporter to the Department of Justice.  I mean, what is next?   Here is what needs to happen next. It is time for this body to act.  In the past, when we have asked citizens--members of this Nation--when  we asked them to bear unique burdens, when we have put them in harm's  way, we have said: If you will serve your country in this way, we will  stand with you. That is essentially what the people of St. Louis have  been asked to do.    The Manhattan Project was a national project for war. The people of  St. Louis have borne the burden of it. It is time for the government to  make it right.   What should happen is this. The Federal Government should pay medical  bills for any single resident who has contracted cancer or an  autoimmune virus or genetic disorder because of exposure to radioactive  contamination. The Federal Government needs to act.   I will introduce legislation that will create a fund to make the  people of St. Louis whole. Sadly, for some, it is too late. This has  been going on for decades and too many members of our community have  already been lost to cancer, to disease, to the hazards that were  imposed on them by their government without their knowledge and without  their consent. But that is no reason not to act now. We should act and  act swiftly to provide remediation, to provide support for every member  of this community who has suffered because of the actions of the  Federal Government. We have done it in the past. We have done it for  our veterans. We have done it for other folks who have been negatively  impacted by the nuclear program dating back to the forties. We should  do it now in the city and region of St. Louis. I will introduce  legislation that will provide this support, that will provide this  justice to the people of St. Louis.   I will close by saying this. It is justice that we are talking about.  This is not a handout to the people of St. Louis. They are not asking  for a giveaway. They are asking for some basic fairness. When their  government imposes on them disease and disaster because of nuclear  contamination, the least their government can do is to make it right.  And I will come to this floor as long as it takes until we make it  right for the men and women and children of St. Louis.   I yield the floor.   