 Mr. President, 10 years I have been in this incredible  institution, the U.S. Senate, and I am stunned that we are still having  this debate.   We know, if you read our Constitution, that we formed our form of  government with lots of high callings, but the first is to provide for  the national defense.   It is astonishing to me that the No. 1 killer--the No. 1 threat--the  No. 1 issue facing our children in America is death by gun violence.  This is a purview of the Federal Government as is written by our  Constitution.   And the Second Amendment, like the First Amendment, is not absolute.  You can't yell ``fire'' in a crowded movie theater. There are  limitations on our fundamental rights.   Don't take my word for it; take the Supreme Court of the United  States. A conservative Court in the Heller decision made it very clear  that government can take steps--reasonable steps--to protect our  Nation.   So what does it mean in a country when the top killer of our children  is gun violence, and we cannot take commonsense steps like the ones  spelled out in the law that was just objected to? Safe storage of  weapons, this is not an infringement of someone's right to own a gun.  Safe storage of weapons, this is not taking away someone's gun. Safe  storage of weapons, this is not a violation of someone's fundamental  rights.   What it is, is a reasonable step to protect children because 90  percent of the kids in our country who are dying by suicide or  unintentional shootings are in homes where a loaded gun is easily  accessible to children--children as young as 3 years old getting their  hands on these weapons.   Over 40,000 Americans die in a year to gun violence, and the response  of this body is to do nothing. Forty-thousand Americans, the No. 1  killer of our children, and instead of seeing this as a crisis, as far  as having special hearings and gatherings to put our minds together in  a bipartisan way, how do we stop our children from dying, how do we  stop our children from being slaughtered--instead of this being  something that is concerning us to do something, we do nothing.   And I am sorry, inaction is complicity in this violence. If you  object to this, what is your idea to protect our children? If you  object to this, what is your idea to stop so many kids, so many  Americans from dying? Tell me what it is because Martin Luther King  said it plain, in another point in American history, in another crisis.  He said: What we will have to repent for as a nation is not just the  vitriolic words and violent actions of the bad people but the appalling  silence and inaction of the good people.   And so I know this body. I know the good, hard-working, dedicated  Americans who serve here. But the inaction is appalling. The inaction  is complicity. The strongest Nation on the planet Earth gives the  implicit messages to our children and their parents: We can't protect  you. So you know what we are going to do? We are going to teach you how  to hide because we are now in a nation where there are more active  shooter drills than there are fire drills.   What message is this to our children and our families that we are  saying we are going to do nothing? Another year will pass, another  40,000 Americans are going to die, and we do nothing to protect you.   That is unacceptable to me. We are better than this. We are stronger  than this. The very ideal of liberty should be that our people should  not live in fear. But by our inaction, we have a nation where people  all over our country are now chained to fear, shackled by grief,  communities ripped apart, families in mourning. And a simple step in  America, a simple Federal law like seatbelt laws, a simple Federal law  like the safety of our airplanes, a simple Federal law to address the  No. 1 cause of killing of our children, that if you have a loaded  firearm at home, you should lock it up and keep it away from a child,  we can't do that.   Well, Merry Christmas, America. The most urgent and basic thing this  body should do is to protect children. And the No. 1 cause of child  death in America, what have we done this year? Nothing--nothing.   This is a time we should act. This is a time we should join together.  I call on my Republican colleagues to put forth one idea that will save  a child from gun violence, to show that your allegiance is to safety  and security.   No other country deals with this. We are an aberration when it comes  to deaths by gun violence. No other nation allows their children to be  slaughtered--Canada, New Zealand. I can tell you the nations that have  taken action and, as a result, have seen a dramatic drop in the numbers  of deaths.   We are an exceptional country, but in this case, being the exception  is horrific to too many. And so I am disappointed to sit here and  witness an objection, but I am relentless. We must be undeterred  because change is not always easy. But in this case, we, as a country,  with thousands of our children dying every year, must stay determined  to make the change necessary for us to protect the people of this great  Republic.   I yield the floor.   