 Madam President, I have to tell you, this past weekend,  I stood with the Williams' family and Shaw family, with hundreds of  other folks, and I listened to live music in the Historic Big 10  Ballroom.   Now, that may not mean a lot to a lot of folks in this room, but it  is a really big deal in my State, in Oklahoma, to hear live music in  the Big 10 Ballroom.   Let me set the scene for you: Lonnie Williams was one of the first  African-American police officers in Tulsa, OK. Now, I have spoken many  times to this body about Greenwood and about the race massacre that  happened May 31 and June 1 of 1921.   We have talked at length about what happened during that time for  what is, in all likelihood, the worst race massacre in American  history. It was in 1921. So for Lonnie Williams to be one of the first  Black police officers in Tulsa was really a big deal.   He served in the police department, and he opened up several other  businesses as his side hustle, and then, eventually, opened up what he  called the Big 10 Ballroom in 1948.   It was a venue for Black artists to be able to come in because in  1948, a lot of Black artists couldn't play in a lot of auditoriums in  America, including in my State. So they would invite these great  musicians to be able to come through, that they would tour, and there  was this kind of behind-the-scenes group of venues that was scattered  through the country where Black artists could perform, and the one that  we had in Oklahoma was the Big 10.   Now, it was no simple thing for them to be able to travel because at  the time when those Black artists were traveling, they couldn't be in a  lot of hotels; they couldn't eat in a lot of restaurants. But when they  came to Greenwood, there were still families who would welcome them in.   The Williams' family, who owned the Big 10, their family, in fact,  would host folks. They still tell stories about getting up in the  morning and stepping over the Temptations sleeping in their living  room. And when I talk about artists playing in the Big 10, I am not  talking about just any artists in American history; I am talking about  Count Basie, Ella Fitzgerald, Ike and Tina Turner, Ray Charles, James  Brown, Wilson Pickett, B.B. King, Fats Domino, Little Richard, and I  have already mentioned the Temptations.   Interestingly enough, the last place that Otis Redding played before  he died in a plane crash was the Big 10 Ballroom in Tulsa, OK.   Now you know why we call it the Historic Big 10 Ballroom. That  Ballroom was the place to be able to get music in North Tulsa for  decades, and then it closed down in the 1960s. A lot of urban renewal  was happening in that area, and a lot of things were shifting. The  building was used for a while as a beauty supply warehouse, quite  frankly. The roof caved in eventually as they abandoned it, and it sat  idle for more than two decades. Quite frankly, an eyesore in the  neighborhood, but to the Williams family and to lots of other folks in  North Tulsa, when they drove up and down Apache, they would still see  the glory of the Big 10 and what she could be in the days ahead.  [[Page S613]]    But no one took the risk because all that was going to get the Big 10  back alive was hope and a whole bunch of money, until Dr. Lester Shaw  stood in the parking lot of the Big 10 and saw it not for what it was-- quite frankly, a place where more pigeons lived than anything else--but  for what she could be again.   In 2007, Dr. Shaw bought that building. Quite frankly, his wife was  pretty nervous about it, thinking what in the world. But Brenda Shaw  knows her husband Lester well, and when he got an idea, she knew it  must be from God and it was going to turn out OK because he was going  to be tenacious enough to get it done.   You see, Dr. Shaw and Brenda Shaw--by the way, both doctors now, so  it is Dr. and Dr. Shaw--the two of them have for the last 23 years  committed every second of their spare time to thousands of kids in  Greenwood. They run a ministry after school called A Pocket Full of  Hope, and a Pocket Full of Hope teaches arts, music, photography,  videography.   They invest in the lives of students in that area, and for the last  23 years as they have mentored kids after school--brace yourself--they  have helped 100 percent of those kids graduate from high school, not a  single one of them hasn't finished high school.   They traveled all over the country, including right here to  Washington, DC, to be able to perform music, but they never really had  a place to perform. They really never had a place that was their own.  In this location, where they have about 350 people a year who come  through to be able to be mentored by Pocket players--those who have  gone through Pocket Full of Hope in the past and those who are  helping--and for Lester Shaw and his leadership, those folks have made  a remarkable difference in the community.   Dr. Shaw, in 2007, saw the Big 10 for what she could be again and,  last weekend, what she is again.   There is live music again at the Big 10. I was listening to it last  weekend as it came alive, and you couldn't imagine how beautiful the  inside of that building is, as the community and different groups have  all invested dollars and lots of sweat and blood and tears to be able  to bring it back again. And when you drive down Apache now, you see the  Big 10. You see, Black history is not all ancient history. Black  history in America and Black history in my State is still going on  right now because people like Lonnie Williams, who set a path for my  State and my community decades ago--that baton is being picked up by  folks like Dr. Lester Shaw, and they are doing remarkable work to help  thousands of students.   So, for me, I was honored to sit and listen to live music in the Big  10. And if anybody is traveling through Tulsa, I would encourage you to  swing down Apache and hear live music in the same place where B.B. King  and James Brown and Ray Charles, Tina Turner, Count Basie, and Fats  Domino sang, the place intended to be able to hear history come alive.   By the way, Big 10 is not called the Big 10 anymore. Now they call it  the Historic Big 10.   We are living out history right now, and I am grateful for the  Williams family and the legacy they have left and what Dr. Shaw has  picked up. God bless them in the work, and we are grateful for what  they have done in the past.   I yield the floor.   