 Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1,  the Lower Energy Costs Act.   For the past 2 years, the Biden administration has done everything in  their power to make it harder to produce energy here in the United  States. Within the first 24 hours of being sworn into office, President  Biden took executive action to kill the Keystone XL Pipeline project  and ban new drilling on Federal lands.   When prices began to rise because of these misguided policies, the  White House sold off our emergency oil supply and looked to Iran,  Venezuela, and Saudi Arabia to increase production instead of turning  to energy producers right here in America.   Just a few years ago, our Nation was energy independent. Now, we are  relying on our adversaries for our most critical energy resources. As a  result, families across America have faced record-high prices at the  pump and soaring utility costs. It is time for a new direction.   The Lower Energy Costs Act maximizes production of reliable,  American-made energy by streamlining the permitting process, investing  in energy infrastructure in the United States, and reversing burdensome  and costly regulations put in place by the Biden administration.   President Biden's commitment to Green New Deal policies not only puts  our national security at risk, but also threatens our way of life in  Kansas. The energy sector in my home State employs more than 150,000  hardworking Kansans, provides more than $3 billion in family income,  and delivers over $1.5 billion in State and local tax revenue.   This legislation will protect our energy security, grow our economy,  and create good-paying jobs in our communities. House Republicans  promised the American people that we would take action to put our  Nation back on the path toward energy independence and lower gas and  electricity prices for hardworking families.   The Lower Energy Costs Act is a crucial step in making good on that  commitment, and I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation.   