 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this morning, the Senate welcomed  Ukraine's inspirational and determined President Zelenskyy to the  Capitol.   For nearly 2 years, the people of Ukraine have defied the world's  expectations. They have ground down the world's second most powerful  military, and they have confounded Putin's aggressive, imperialist  aspirations. At every step of the way, America's commitment and support  has provided critical fuel for Ukraine's resistance and helped European  allies wake up from a holiday from history.   Now, our allies are awake. They are investing in collective defense,  and clear majorities of Americans understand the importance of  America's continuing to lead as the arsenal of democracy.   I have been a staunch supporter of Ukraine's fight to take back its  land, liberate its people, and restore its sovereignty since the  beginning of Russia's invasion way back in 2014. Our Ukrainian friends'  cause is just, and if the West continues to stand with them, they can  win.   But let's be absolutely clear: Ukraine's cause hasn't always been  popular here in Washington.   In 2021, Republicans recommended that the Biden administration step  up assistance to help Ukraine deter renewed Russian threats, and the  administration seemed to think Ukraine was a frozen conflict and a  distraction from other priorities. In early 2022, as the gravity of  Putin's plans came into focus, Republicans urged the President to  expedite shipments of critical weapons systems to stop Russia's  advance, but his administration's unfounded fear of escalating the  conflict repeatedly kept decisive capabilities out of Ukrainian hands  at critical moments.   When Russian troops crossed the border and the administration first  came  [[Page S5904]]  to Congress for assistance, it was Republicans who demanded we use  emergency funds to pay for the cost of deploying U.S. forces to Europe  rather than forcing our military to take those costs out of hide.   And it was Republicans who demanded that our supplemental  appropriations bills include funding to replenish and modernize the  stockpiles we were drawing down to support Ukraine.   Perhaps, they expected the war to be over quickly, but the Biden  administration requested neither of these things. In fact, when the  Senate received the President's first supplemental request, I called  the Democratic leader and said: ``Double it.'' He agreed with my  suggestion, and that is precisely what we did.   Republicans on the Armed Services, Foreign Relations, and  Appropriations Committees have worked overtime to help equip Ukraine  for victory. We have pushed relentlessly for investments that  strengthen our Armed Forces, degrade our adversaries, and stand firmly  with a sovereign democracy against authoritarian aggression--all while  expanding our defense industrial capacity and creating American jobs at  the very same time.   We have done it because we know that American leadership has ripple  effects. Just look at how our European allies are now contributing more  to Ukraine than we are, how allies across the world are investing in  hard power and in our collective defense.   We know that the threats we face are intertwined; that Russia, Iran,  China, and North Korea work together to undermine America and the West.  We know that our border--just like Ukraine's borders and Israel's and  Taiwan's--must be inviolable.   That is why, for months now, we have supported supplemental action on  all four of the most pressing national security challenges we face. My  support for Ukraine and Israel is rock solid. I am committed to  preparing the U.S. military to deter and defend Chinese aggression. I  am determined to get the national security crisis at the southern  border under control. And I am going to work to get it done as long as  it takes.   