 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I believe my colleagues across the aisle  fundamentally misunderstand or intentionally misrepresent the interests  of energy consumers in the United States and the interests of energy  producers.   NEPA is critically important to protect all Americans, but let's run  through some statistics. There are currently 2,000 gigawatts of  electric generation waiting to be interconnected to the queue in this  country. That is more generation than we have by almost a factor of 2.  Of those 2,000 gigawatts, there is 1 gigawatt of coal, 85 gigawatts of  gas, and every other power plant that is trying to be interconnected to  the grid is a zero carbon source of energy. They are not represented by  NEPA.   Let's talk about the fossil fuel sector. Today, we use about 20  million barrels of oil a day. A decade ago, you know how much oil we  used in this country? About 20 million barrels a day.  [[Page H5388]]    Today, we use 40 percent less coal than we did 10 years ago. Do you  know why? Because those industries cannot compete. People, given the  choice, prefer cleaner, cheaper energy.   The fastest growing vehicle segment is electric vehicles. The fastest  growing source in the power sector is renewable energy. Energy is  getting cheaper. What is the energy industry doing in response? They  are becoming exporters. The reason why the gas industry is growing, the  reason why the oil industry is growing is because they are building  terminals to export overseas. What is hard about that is that the  American people don't want you to drill in their backyard. They don't  want you to drill a pipeline through their neighborhood just so that  you can run it to a terminal and sell it overseas at a profit.   If you are of the opinion that the American people don't have any say  in how their communities look, how their natural parks look, how their  natural lands look, and if you are of the opinion that the profits of  energy producers vastly outweigh the interests of energy consumers,  vote for this amendment. However, if you put energy consumers first,  this is an absolute ``no.''   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   