 Mr. Speaker, first, to my colleagues on Appropriations'  Legislative Branch Subcommittee, Mr. Amodei as well as my longtime dear  friend Mr. Espaillat, I thank them for their hard work.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4364 because it  inadequately funds the legislative branch, which is the branch charged  with funding responsibilities under Article I of the U.S. Constitution.  It dramatically underfunds the Capitol Police, drastically cuts funding  to the Architect of the Capitol, and guts the House Office of Diversity  and Inclusion.   As my colleague has mentioned, I serve as the ranking member of the  Committee on House Administration. I know firsthand how important it is  that our House officers and congressional support agencies are  adequately resourced.   We all rely on our nonpartisan institutional partners, some of whom  are in this Chamber right now, helping us carry out our constitutional  obligations, keeping us safe, providing subject matter expertise, and  facilitating the legislative process.   For that reason, I am very disappointed. This bill, which includes a  nearly 5 percent cut to House and joint legislative branch items,  inadequately funds many of these entities and the responsibilities that  they are required to carry out.   For example, at a time in which the Capitol Police is experiencing an  officer shortage crisis, this bill fails to fully fund the department's  salaries appropriation requests. How can we hope to attract qualified  officers if we don't provide competitive salaries? How can we ensure  officers are better trained if they are regularly forced to work  overtime rather than attend training sessions? How do we improve  officer morale if they need to work double shifts instead of going home  to spend time with their families?   The men and women of the Capitol Police have our backs. They have  demonstrated that in a time of crisis in this Chamber. We need to have  theirs with more than just words.    The bill would also cut funding for the Architect of the Capitol by  hundreds of millions of dollars and fail to meet the agency's budget  request for the Capitol Police buildings, grounds, and security  account. This would hinder the AOC's ability to fulfill all of its  responsibilities, making Congress less secure, harming our national  security, and putting Members, staff, and our visiting constituents at  risk during a time of heightened threats.   Finally, I am deeply frustrated that this bill includes culture war  initiatives like eliminating the House Office of Diversity and  Inclusion. The Office of Diversity and Inclusion was established based  on a bipartisan, unanimous modernization committee recommendation. It  provides important services for and works closely with offices on both  sides of the aisle. In fact, since its inception in 2019, 225  Republican offices have utilized its services.   It is astonishing that my majority colleagues are going to sabotage  their own ability to recruit the best and brightest just to satisfy  rightwing extremist grievances about diversity.   Mr. Speaker, for these reasons and more, I cannot support the bill,  and I urge that we do not adopt this bill.   