 Mr. Speaker, we are here today because we think the  government is going to shut down on Sunday. That is because there are  supposed to be 12 separate bills that comprise our budget that were  supposed to be passed by now. We have passed the four most important.  Unfortunately, the Senate has not passed any, so we have to move  forward from here.   We don't know what the shutdown means. I hope the press is on the  ball and pays careful attention if anything is shut down that President  Trump did not shut down a few years ago. There is a lot of flexibility  for Presidents to show if they are compassionate or not. If there is  anything shut down that President Trump didn't shut down, it is  something we have to talk about.   Let's look at the problems we have in this country right now, two big  problems. The first is what is going on at the border. We used to have  about 10,000 cross the border. We are now over 200,000. We are  addressing it. The American public is tired of paying more taxes and  spending money and seeing an open border every night.   That is one of the reasons why we have to pass the bill. The other  reason is we have to make a little bit of a dent in the out-of-control  spending.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 5525.    Mr. Speaker, this week I introduced legislation to  rename the post office in Kiel, Wisconsin, after Wisconsin State  trooper, Trevor Casper.   Now, I know many in this body may not have heard of Trevor, but back  in Wisconsin he is not just the son of our State, he is a shining  example of dedication and service. Trevor Casper was born in Sheboygan  on May 21, 1993, to parents Kevin and Deborah.   He graduated from Kiel High School with the class of 2011 where he  was active in wrestling, soccer, and coaching youth sports.   After high school, Trevor pursued a degree in criminal justice at  Lakeshore Technical College, graduating in May of 2014.   During Trevor's time there, he was active in color guard and served  as president of the LTC student government.   It was clear that Trevor was not just interested in a career but  passionate about making a difference in his entire community.   Trevor's dream was to continue his education at the State Patrol  Academy, which he did, successfully graduating on December 18, 2014.   Following his graduation, Trooper Casper was stationed at the State  trooper base in Fond du Lac where he continued to serve his community  with honor and dedication.   Tragically, on his first assignment, he made the ultimate sacrifice.  On March 24, 2015, he was shot in Fond du Lac while apprehending a bank  robbery and murder suspect. Though mortally wounded, Trooper Casper  returned fire on the suspect, killing him, and protecting those in the  nearby vicinity.   Trevor Casper was the youngest law enforcement officer to ever make  the ultimate sacrifice in the State of Wisconsin. His bravery in the  face of danger, his commitment to upholding the law, and his  willingness to protect our community were unwavering.   Trooper Casper is a true hero, and he deserves to be remembered and  honored for his selfless sacrifice. Renaming the Kiel Post Office in  his honor is a small but meaningful gesture and will ensure that future  generations see the name Trevor Casper and will hear about his great  sacrifice and what a great human being he was.    