 Mr. Speaker, last Saturday started out as a beautiful  day, and families with kids just like mine headed to the Allen Premium  Outlets. It is a place that every north Texan knows. It is where we go  to get good deals and to get a new outfit for school or for work. Now  some of those folks are never going to come home. Eight people were  murdered, and dozens of lives were changed forever.   As a Texan, I want to say their names here so that they will live on  in our Congressional Record for as long as our Republic stands.   The Cho family: Cho Kyu Song, his wife Kang Shin Young, and their 3- year-old son James--just 3 years old.   They are survived by their 6-year-old son, William, who is a child  who lost his entire world in one afternoon.   Along with the Cho family, we also lost Christian LaCour, a security  guard who died saving others and showing incredible bravery. Christian  was just 20 years old.   We lost Aishwarya Thatikonda who was an engineer and who moved to the  U.S. from India just 5 years ago and was full of high hopes.   As well we lost Elio Cumana-Rivas who was working hard to send money  home to his mother and father in Venezuela.   Finally, we lost Daniela and Sofia Mendoza. Daniela was in fourth  grade. Sofia was in second grade. Their mother Hilda is in critical  condition.   A high school classmate of mine emailed me yesterday, Mr. Speaker, to  tell me that one of our classmates had a son who attended their  elementary school. My district lies just south of the mall in Allen.  This is deeply personal for me and for all north Texans.   My deepest prayers and condolences go out to these families. I cannot  imagine what they are going through.   I grieve with my fellow Texans as we endure yet another mass  shooting. The wounds from that day will be with our community forever.  It impacts all of us. I know because my wife and I have two boys who  are 4 and 2. I held my boys so much closer the morning after that  shooting. I know how so many parents are feeling right now: the fear  that the next time it will be your family in the wrong place at the  wrong time.   I also don't believe that it has to be this way. I know it doesn't  have to be this way. We don't have to live like this.   Our public places don't have to become memorials. Our places of  worship, our malls, and especially our schools don't have to become the  site of the next tragedy.   Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, I am so sick and tired of hearing some  politician talk about what we can't do or saying that just raising the  topic is dividing us. That is not who we are. There is nothing that we  can't do in the United States of America when we put our minds to it.  We can keep our families and our children safe.   It is also not my Texas.   Just yesterday, though, a bipartisan group in a Texas Statehouse  committee did vote to raise the age to buy an assault rifle from 18 to  21.   That is my Texas where folks can come together across the aisle to  get things done consistent with the Second Amendment and without  abridging the rights of law-abiding gun owners. There are commonsense  things that we can agree on and that the American people overwhelmingly  support, like universal background checks, red flag laws to keep the  guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals who shouldn't have them  and raising the legal age to purchase semi-automatic rifles.   We could do those right now in a bipartisan fashion.   Let us start there and work together to save lives.   While we offer our prayers and as we observed a moment of silence  tonight, let us act for the north Texans we lost and the ones who will  be forever changed.   Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman  from Georgia (Mrs. McBath).   