 Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the esteemed gentlewoman from  North Carolina for allotting me some time here today.   I rise in support, strong support, Mr. Chair, of H.R. 5, the Parents  Bill of Rights Act.   As parents, we put trust in our local schools and teachers and expect  that our children are receiving an appropriate education, and in most  cases, they do.   We have all had great teachers that have positively impacted our  lives, and our children have, and we are very grateful for that and we  will remember them forever.   In recent years, for varying reasons, there have been well-known  instances where the trust between schools and parents has been eroded,  in fact, broken, and primarily those issues stem from parents being  excluded or having their participation in the educational process  removed, such as curriculum review being very limited.   Everyone agrees that such instances, whether they occur often or  infrequently, should not happen, and when they do, they are  unacceptable.   As a father, I know that to a mom and dad there is nothing more  precious than their children, and being included in the education  process should be a parent's right, especially as taxpayers. Any  rational adult, whether parent or educator, knows what the reasonable  level of involvement should be.   Parents should have the right to be heard and to know what their  child is being taught. Parents should have the right to see the school  budget. Parents should have the right to be alerted if there are  instances of violence or problems in the child's schools. Parents are  not asking too much. They are simply asking to be involved, which helps  create a strong family and a better educational environment for all.   It is our responsibility as elected officials to honor their requests  and guarantee they will be included in the education process and school  activities. That is why this Republican majority has put forth the  Parents Bill of Rights Act, and I urge my colleagues to support this  important legislation.   