 Mr. Speaker, I regret that I rise in opposition to this  NDAA because there is a great deal of good in it, but only in  Washington must we bring a bill to the floor so that we are able to  militarily confront China while at the same time embracing the policies  that make the United States more like China.   There is no desire on the part of our great Armed Services chairman,  and even the Democrats we worked with, to have an extension of spying  authorities put in this bill when we have already seen those  authorities just totally abused, 278,000 violations of the existing  law, as the FBI has queried information regarding Americans.   When the Obama-appointed inspector general was reviewing whether or  not the administration was complying with existing law, they found out  we were breaking the law 38 times an hour.   To extend the authorities for spying that were being violated so that  people at the FBI could do queries on their neighbors, their coworkers,  their ex-lovers, that does not belong in the National Defense  Authorization Act. Maybe we would be able to stomach some short-term  extension if the underlying bill looked a little more like the product  we sent out of the House of Representatives.   With this NDAA conference report, you almost feel like a parent who  has sent a child off to summer camp and they have come back a monster.  That is what we have done. This bill came back in far worse shape.   We had concern over these social justice warriors that were making  salaries in the hundreds of thousands of dollars at DOD, so we put a  cap on that at three times what a private or airman would make. We  claim that that's still in the bill, but the Senate was able to erode  that and say so long as that social justice warrior is assigned any  other responsibility, they are able to blow through that cap and waste  taxpayer money on something else that doesn't enhance our lethality or  capability or survivability.   We have legislation to eliminate the chief diversity officer at DOD  because that was the fountainhead of so many of these woke, bad ideas,  and yet the House receded on that position.   Many of our colleagues were concerned that when you look at our  military bases or installations, they were flying flags that weren't  the American flag. They were flying the LGBTQ flag, the Black Lives  Matter flag, whatever that flag is with all of those pink and black  triangles in it. That desire that we had to fly the American flag and  the flags of our service branches was also surrendered by the House of  Representatives to the Senate.   We wanted a parents bill of rights in DOD schools so that you  wouldn't get the strange material that goes into radical gender  ideology or race ideology. That was abandoned by the House of  Representatives.   So we also expressed a great deal of concern over the censorship that  the DOD was funding through a lot of its alliances. We put in our bill  a prohibition on marketing through those networks that have engaged in  broad-scale censorship. Unfortunately, that was replaced with a report.  Instead of stopping the money flowing to censorship through the DOD, we  have just asked to be informed about it as it is happening, even though  we already know it is happening. That is why we have conducted these  investigations.   This bill is insufficient to deal with the structural challenges that  we have at the Department of Defense where they have veered  substantially left. There is good in the bill, but it does not deserve  an affirmative vote with this just absolutely unnecessary and uncalled- for extension of spying authorities that we already know have been  abused.    Madam Speaker, in the last round of debate, House  Republicans were criticized for providing a pay-for for our plan to  support Israel out of the IRS. The theory is that it is just totally  unrelated, but a pay-for for the things we are doing, that is always  related. It is only in Washington, certainly not in many of our State  capitals, where you can have an ambition to go fund something and then  not identify the offset that would naturally allow you to engage in  that.   The only real substantive debate I have heard in favor of this bill  is that it does good pay increases for our servicemembers. Undeniably,  that has universal agreement within this body.   I think about the 8,600 servicemembers who were forced to separate  from our military because of an ill-conceived, now withdrawn, vaccine  requirement. We were told over and over again that there would be  backpay, reparations, and restoration of rank for those people who were  improperly told that they could not express their patriotism through  military service because they didn't want to take an experimental  vaccine. That is totally absent in this legislation.   In communities like mine that are military heavy, the 5 percent pay  increase will be very welcome. Every one of our military families knows  someone who now is not able to have their job and who has seen impacts  on their spouses, their marriages, and their children because of this  mandate. We ought to have really taken care of those great folks. We  did not in this bill.   I am all about compromise. To me, compromise ought to reflect the  work of the House and the Senate and then linking up those matters.   Neither the House nor the Senate version of this bill dealt with  extending spying authorities, as my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr.  Perry) said. That was something that was added in. That is the process  objection. The objection is not that we are unable to compromise on  that which we present different views on. It is when a totally new  issue just parachutes in and drops on what would otherwise be  legislation we want to agree to.   