 Madam Speaker, and still I rise, a proud,  liberated Democrat in the spirit of Shirley Chisholm, unbought,  unbossed, and unafraid--unafraid to say that the Senate of the United  States of America cares more about what they wear to work than the  building they work in.   There was a recent kerfuffle about the dress code in the Senate. As a  result, some 40 Senators--in fact, about 46--signed a letter addressing  this newly installed dress code. I won't read it in its entirety  because time doesn't permit, but here is what it says in one paragraph:  ``Allowing casual clothing on the Senate floor disrespects the  institution we serve and the American families we represent.''   No disrespect, Senators, but I believe allowing Richard Russell's  name to stay on the Russell Senate Office Building disrespects the  people you serve and disrespects this country. The Richard Russell  Senate Office Building is a symbol of racism. It is a symbol of  disrespect for the American people, and it certainly disrespects people  of African ancestry because Richard Russell was a racist and a bigot.    Richard Russell was the coauthor of the ``Southern Manifesto.''  Richard Russell fought antilynching legislation. Richard Russell's name  should not be on a building paid for with taxpayer dollars.   It is time for you to take the same amount of time that you took to  reform your dress code and reform the name that is on the Richard  Russell  [[Page H4954]]  Senate Office Building. It is easy to do. Just let it revert back to  the name it had before it became the Russell Senate Office Building.  Let it become the Old Senate Office Building.   If you need more time, take ad infinitum and decide the name that you  most prefer. I have no name to recommend. I only recommend that you  take Russell's name off. It took less than 2 weeks to revert back to  the old dress code. It has been more than 50 years that Richard  Russell's name has been on this building.   Have you no shame, Senators? Do you not respect the people of African  ancestry who go in and out of this building? I refuse to enter the  Richard Russell Senate Office Building. I am a one-person protest. I  refuse to disrespect myself by entering a building named after a bigot  and racist who authored the ``Southern Manifesto'' and fought  antilynching legislation.   