 Madam President, today I come before the Senate with a  heart full of grief. I come shaken by anger and fear but with a resolve  to act. I come with my spirit moved down to its core by the terrible  things I saw these past few days.   This morning, I returned to the United States after leading a  bipartisan delegation to Israel along with Senators Rosen and Kelly and  Romney and Cassidy. As the first Jewish majority leader, as the highest  ranking Jewish elected official ever in America, I wanted to be there,  and I felt an obligation to be there.   It was a trip I will remember for the rest of my life, a visit to the  only Jewish State on Earth, facing one of the darkest hours of its 75- year history, probably the darkest hour.   We traveled to deliver a simple and unmistakable message: We, the  American people, stand with the people of Israel in this moment of  need. We said to the people of Israel: We have your back. We feel your  pain. We ache with you. And in the coming weeks, the U.S. Senate will  do everything possible to help Israel eliminate the threat that Hamas  presents and help Israel in every way we can.   I thank my colleagues who joined me on this important trip. I thank  everyone who will be traveling there this coming weekend. Right now,  our presence means the world to Israel. They were so gratified that  American Senators came to stand with them in their moments of grief and  sorrow. It was clear that just being there made a tremendous difference  and boosted their resolve.   We had very productive meetings with a whole range of Israeli  leaders, including Prime Minister Netanyahu, National Unity Party  Minister Chairman Benny Gantz, Defense Minister Gallant, President  Isaac Herzog, Opposition Leader Yair Lapid.   But the most memorable meeting was with 12 families of the hostages.  There they were sitting there, wondering what was happening to their  mother, their sister, their brother, their baby in the hands of these  brutal terrorists.   Nothing prepared us for the overwhelming grief we felt talking to the  families of the hostages and sharing their deep pain. There was not a  dry eye in the room. Many of these people didn't know if their  relatives were dead  [[Page S4968]]  or alive. Some of them said: I wonder which is better.   They just knew that they were missing and taken by wretched Hamas  fighters. It breaks your heart.   We saw footage they showed us of their loved ones being led away by  the Hamas terrorists, an elderly woman being dragged away from her  family, a 12-year-old boy being pushed along by these terrorists-- families in sheer agony, wondering what was happening to their loved  ones in the captivity of these brutal terrorists.   Today, we now know that the number of hostages has exceeded 199. It  is of the utmost importance that Israel and the United States do  everything it can to bring every single one of these hostages to  safety.   During our visit, we also experienced, in flashes, what the Israelis  experience on a daily basis. We were having lunch at our hotel when the  sirens went off, meaning rockets were only 7 to 9 minutes away, rockets  fired by Hamas. We all rushed into a shelter and waited with bated  breath until they told us the coast was clear. It happened again in the  evening moments before a press conference that had to be delayed that  we held on Sunday.   For us, the danger was momentary, thank God, but it is harrowing to  think that Israelis are going through this and much greater horrors  every single day.   So, again, as the first Jewish majority leader, the highest ranking  Jewish official in America, someone who has knowledge of the  persecutions and ravages that have affected the Jewish people through  the decades, the centuries, the millennia, I felt an obligation to  travel this weekend to Israel and deliver a message of partnership.   And I believe our trip went a significant way in pushing back against  the dangerous false equivalency between what Hamas is doing and the  response against them. Let us be clear: Hamas is an evil organization  that wants to see Israel wiped off the face of the map. They don't  believe in a two-state solution. They want no Israel and no Jews living  between the Jordan and the Mediterranean. Eliminating Israel is part of  their charter, so is the killing of Jews.   If left to their own devices, Hamas would do to the Jewish people in  the rest of Israel what they did to them in the Gaza border.   So Israel can't just shrug its shoulders and say: Let's not try to  end the threat from Hamas. They have an obligation to do it because  Hamas's attack against Israel was an act of unspeakable evil. It was  their goal to kill as many civilians as possible, children brutalized,  the elderly slaughtered, young people in the prime of their life at a  peace festival being machine-gunned down as they ran away.    I was told that at one of the kibbutzes, over a hundred people-- people from 90 years old down to little toddlers--were rounded up and  herded into the recreation room, and then Hamas machine-gunned every  one of them down until they were dead, every one of them.   It reminded me of the story of my own family, my great-grandmother  who was the wife of a well-known rabbi. When the Nazis came into  Ukraine--that was then part of Poland--in 1941, they told my  grandmother to gather her family, her greater family, on her porch. She  did. About 35 people, according to what my grandmother told me, her  daughter, who had come to America, told me there were about 35 people  from ages 88 to 3 months. The Nazis said: You are coming with us. She  said: We are not moving. They machine-gunned every one of them down.  History is repeating itself in an evil and awful way.   So the bottom line is simple: Hamas must be defeated. Israel must  ensure they are permanently stopped because if the world moves on and  acts as if this were just some unfortunate episode, you can be sure  this will happen again. And it is essential that the entire world unite  in condemning the evils of Hamas.   I first learned of the attacks against Israel during my delegation  trip to China when I met with President Xi. I pointed out to President  Xi that their initial statement on the conflagration in the Middle East  didn't even mention terrorism or the deaths of these innocent  civilians. I, respectfully, requested that he change his statement, and  they did strengthen their initial statement relating to the attacks.  The rest of the world must do the same. It must acknowledge and condemn  the attacks--brutal attacks--that occurred this week.   Now, as the Senate gavels back in for our fall work period,  supporting Israel must be at the top, at the front, at the center of  our attention. To that end, I urge every single member of the Senate-- Democrat, Republican, Independent--to unanimously support the  resolution championed by Chairman Cardin, Ranking Member Risch, Leader  McConnell, and myself, condemning Hamas and affirming that we stand  with Israel and their right to defend themselves. The resolution  matters because the Senate needs to declare in one voice that we stand  with Israel and against Hamas.   In the coming days, I will be working with the administration on  putting together an emergency supplemental that will give Israel the  tools it needs to defend itself. That means military assistance,  intelligence assistance, diplomatic assistance, and humanitarian  assistance to care for innocent civilians.   We want to move this package quickly. The Senate must go first. I  know that the House is in disarray, but we cannot wait for them. The  needs are too great. And if we pass a strong package with strong  bipartisan support, it will importune the House, somehow or other, to  act, despite the morass they are in.   It is also very important that we not only provide the military and  intelligence support Israel needs but that we provide humanitarian  assistance to aid civilians impacted by the violence.   During my meetings with Israeli officials, my colleagues and I  strongly echoed the administration's urging that Israel follow the rule  of law and do everything to minimize civilian deaths.   Israel has a very difficult task to eliminate Hamas, save the  hostages but also minimize civilian casualties, which is a difficult  task but one that Israel must and does strive to live up to.   We are not like the evil militants of Hamas. Israel is not. In  America and in Israel, countries must hold themselves to a higher  standard. It is part of who we are as democracies. So this package must  move quickly, a package of military aid, the necessities that Israel  needs. We talked to the leadership of Israel about what they need, and  it will be in this package: intelligence aid to make sure we share  intelligence in the best way possible, diplomatic aid to make sure that  the nations of the world stand with Israel, and humanitarian aid to  make sure that civilians are given the help that they need. We must  move this package quickly.    We must also move to confirm an ambassador to Israel as quickly as  possible. The President has already sent us a capable and strong  nominee in Jack Lew, who will come before the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee on Wednesday. I urge the committee to approve Mr. Lew as soon  as possible, without any costly partisan delays so we can bring him to  the floor and confirm him with all due haste.   We dealt very closely in our trip with so many people in the Embassy,  including a wonderful charge d'affaires, but it is obvious that they  really need an ambassador now more than ever. Mr. Lew has proven  himself a strong public servant, a ferocious ally of Israel, so  delaying him would be egregious at a time like this. We must move him  quickly, and I hope we will.   Finally, as the conflict evolves in the coming days and weeks, my  office will work with the administration to ensure the Senate remains  fully updated about the situation at all times.   For the information of the Senate, we will hold an all-Senators  classified briefing this Wednesday, October 18, at 3:30 p.m., provided  by the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Chairman of  the Joint Chiefs, and the Director of National Intelligence. It is  essential that we hear what is going on from our top leaders.   Madam President, the coming weeks will be an immense challenge, not  just for the people of Israel, but for all of us in Congress as well.  Now, more than ever, we must work with the spirit of bipartisanship to  ensure we can govern and protect Americans here at home and abroad and  stand with our friends in Israel. This moment is a test for all  [[Page S4969]]  of us--a test for our ability to work together, a test for our resolve  to stand with our friends, a test of our resolve to fulfill our  fundamental duties to the world. Let us not squander this consequential  moment.   And to the people of Israel--``eretz zavat chalav,'' a land of milk  and honey--let me close with this: We will be by your side. We will not  allow you to bear this burden alone. Your burden will be our burden;  your grief is our grief; your cause is our cause. May the memories of  the day be a blessing and a source of strength to all of us as we  navigate the road ahead.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms.  Butler), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. Durbin), and the Senator from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Fetterman) are necessarily absent.   