 Mr. Speaker, I am a third-generation hop and grape  farmer from the State of Washington. Being a good steward of the  environment has always been important to me, my family, and my  neighbors.   For generations, farmers and ranchers across the United States have  understood that in order to continue their important job of feeding the  world, we must work together to protect our clean water and conserve  our most precious natural resources.   And it has been to the great success. Our Nation's agricultural  community has voluntarily innovated over the years, finding ways to use  significantly less pesticides and fertilizers to grow even more food.   Yet, the administration has ignored all those facts and instead is  coming after our private property rights with their waters of the  United States rule.   WOTUS is nothing more than a power grab which would impose tighter  controls over the waters the Clean Water Act never intended to  regulate.   Let's be clear: WOTUS isn't just a logistical nightmare that has  plagued landowners, businesses, farmers, ranchers, and rural  communities across the country for years; it controls what people can  build or plant in and around streams, ponds, and irrigation ditches in  the middle of cropland giving the EPA unprecedented say over what  people can do or can't do with their land, and it calls into question  whether farmers could even begin to work their land.   This impacts our food supply, our housing industry, and many aspects  that have already been severely challenged by the administration's  overreaching policies.   This rule is not about clean water. Rural communities in the West and  across the country like central Washington are dedicated to clean  water, and they are the ones being punished by the continuing legal  uncertainty that this new final rule brings.   As chairman of the Congressional Western Caucus, a bipartisan group  of nearly 100 Members who advocate for property rights and clean water,  I have consistently called on the administration to provide that  certainty that we all want.   In fact, we have led over 200 Members in a letter urging the  administration to do just that.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this resolution,  push back on this administration's egregious overreach, and fight for  our food supply.   