 Madam Speaker, on this very floor in January, the whole  world witnessed a historic contest for House Speaker.   I rise today to serve notice: Mr. Speaker, you are out of compliance  with the agreement that allowed you to assume this role. The path  forward for the House of Representatives is to either bring you into  immediate, total compliance or remove you pursuant to a motion to  vacate the chair.   We have had no vote on term limits or on balanced budgets, as the  agreement demanded and required. There has been no full release of the  January 6 tapes, as you promised. There has been insufficient  accountability for the Biden crime family. Instead of cutting spending  to raise the debt limit, you relied on budgetary gimmicks and  rescissions so that you ultimately ended up serving as the valet to  underwrite Biden's debt and expand his spending agenda.   Mr. Speaker, you boasted in January that we would use the power of  the subpoena and the power of the purse, but here we are 8 months  later, and we haven't even sent the first subpoena to Hunter Biden.  That is how you know that the rushed and somewhat rattled performance  you just saw from the Speaker isn't real.    At this point during Democrat control over the House of  Representatives, they had already brought in Don Jr. three times, and  we haven't even sent the first subpoena to Hunter Biden. Power of the  subpoena.   Power of the purse. The only thing the 118th Congress is known for at  this point is electing Kevin McCarthy Speaker and underwriting Biden's  debt. Unfortunately, there is only one of those things we can remediate  at this time. Power of the purse.   Our leadership right now is asking us to vote for a continuing  resolution. A vote for a continuing resolution is a vote to continue  the Green New Deal and inflationary spending. In the most troubling of  fashions, a vote for a continuing resolution is a vote to continue the  election interference of Jack Smith.   Mr. Speaker, we told you how to use the power of the purse:  individual, single-subject spending bills that would allow us to have  specific review, programmatic analysis, and that would allow us to zero  out the salaries of the bureaucrats who have broken bad, targeted  President Trump, or cut sweetheart deals for Hunter Biden.   September 30 is rapidly approaching, and you have not put us in a  position to succeed. There is no way to pass all the individual  appropriations bills now, and it is not like we didn't know when  September 30 was going to show up on the calendar. I must be better,  you must be better, and this House must be better, for it is the last  best hope for tens of millions of Republicans.   We demand real oversight against this weaponized government. Just  look at the bribery. If tens of millions of dollars flowing from  foreign corrupt people into the bank accounts of the Biden family  wasn't enough for actual impeachment, why were we even looking? Joe  Biden deserves impeachment for converting the Vice-Presidency into an  ATM machine for virtually his entire family. We all see it. We all know  it.   Moments ago, Speaker McCarthy endorsed an impeachment inquiry. This  is a baby step following weeks of pressure from House conservatives to  do more. We must move faster.   Now, I will concede that the votes I have called for will likely  fail--term limits, balanced budgets, maybe even impeachment. I am  prepared for that eventuality. At least if we take votes, the American  people get to see who is fighting for them and who is willing to  tolerate more corruption and business as usual.   Mr. Speaker, dust off our written January agreement. You have a copy.  Reflect on the spirit of that agreement and build on the start that we  had moments ago and begin to comply:   No continuing resolutions; individual spending bills or bust.   Votes on balanced budgets and term limits.  [[Page H4236]]    Subpoenas for Hunter Biden and the members of the Biden family who  have been grifting off this country and the impeachment for Joe Biden  that he so richly deserves.   Do these things or face a motion to vacate the chair.   Let me alert the country, a motion to vacate might not pass at first,  but it might before the 15th vote. If Democrats bail out McCarthy, as  they may do, then I will lead the resistance to this uniparty and the  Biden-McCarthy-Jeffries government that they are attempting to build.   I know that Washington isn't a town where people are known for  keeping their word. Well, Speaker McCarthy, I am here to hold you to  yours.   