 Madam President, I rise today with great respect, affection,  and admiration for my friend and distinguished colleague, the Senator  from Louisiana. I have always appreciated his dedication to the welfare  of his constituents and the prudent management of taxpayer dollars.  When it comes to the National Flood Insurance Program, or NFIP, as it  is known, I must voice some concerns.   The NFIP, by its very nature and its current structure and the way it  has been operating, remains a perfect example of what can happen when  good intentions meet imprudent policy.   We find ourselves on the precipice of what is euphemistically called  a clean reauthorization. While the term ``clean'' as used here may  suggest unerring direction or impurity or transparency, in this  context, clean is better understood as ``unchanging'' or even  ``unreflective.''   Let's be clear on the facts here. Commerce created the NFIP as a  government flood insurance monopoly, one that covers privately owned  properties. Yet this government-backed monopoly behemoth sits on more  than $26 billion in debt owed to the U.S. Treasury.   My friend and colleague referred, a moment ago, to the ability to  cover up to $30 billion of potential liabilities. They have $20 billion  in debt because of the way the program has been run. There is no subtly  as to why this has happened. The NFIP is offering special below-market  rates for insurance in regions and for specific properties that are  inherently flood-prone.   Congress is no stranger to the adage of doing the same thing over and  over again and, somehow, nonetheless expecting different results. And  yet we find ourselves here, yet again, ready to do battle again.   This isn't merely about economics; it is also about evenhanded  fairness. The NFIP, as constructed, disproportionately benefits, in  many instances, those who least need the assistance. The data speaks  clearly to this. Historically--and, certainly, this was the case as of  just a few years ago--the median value of an NFIP-insured home has been  roughly double that of the average American home.   I have introduced several pieces of legislation trying to reform this  program. I introduced several bills in the past proposing some fixes,  including one that would propose a particularly meaningful simple  change, and that is capping the NFIP insurance eligibility at $1  million. This isn't about penalizing success. Rather, it is a  recognition that those fortunate enough to afford homes in the million- dollar-plus range are also most likely very able to secure insurance  without a public subsidy and without running the NFIP program even  further into debt, on top of the $20 billion that they have already  racked up.   So my objection is not about negating Senator Kennedy's genuine  concerns and very legitimate points about our citizens; it is about  ensuring that we take steps in the right direction as stewards of  taxpayer dollars.   With the utmost respect to my friend and colleague, with whom I agree  on most things, the NFIP, in its current form, isn't moving us in that  direction. It is a broken government subsidy program that has long been  in need of some reforms to accompany any reauthorization.   When this has come up in the past--each time it comes up as we are  approaching another expiration--I have offered up reforms, year after  year. And year after year, I have been told: We will get to that. We  will get to that. We will add some of those reforms. You are right, we  need to reform the program. We will get to that but not yet.   It is as if echoing the famous words of St. Augusta who, during his  conversion to Christianity, reportedly said: Lord, grant me chastity,  but not yet.   The time comes when you actually have to do what needs to be done.   So I appreciate the opportunity to share those views and remain  committed to working alongside my friend and colleague, Senator  Kennedy, to identify and implement solutions that best serve all  Americans.   There are a number of solutions. I introduced a number of pieces of  legislation over the years, one of which I mentioned a moment ago.  There are others. If we can adopt one or more of these reforms, we can  get this done.   What I am not willing to do is agree, yet again, with another hollow  promise, yet again, that at some unknown point in the future, we will  reform the program, as I think everyone acknowledges needs to be done.   On that basis, Madam President, I object.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I appreciate my friend and colleague's  words, and, yes, I want to be very clear--under no circumstance did I  suggest that this benefits only wealthy people. Quite to the contrary,  my whole point was that we can reform this program so that it doesn't  have $20 billion in debt at the same time that it has $30 billion in  liabilities. That is not a good way to run this, because, he is right,  there are a whole lot of people who are not in the wealthy, million- dollar-plus homeowner category. But for those who are, they should not  be in the same position because they are not in the same position. So  that is why I would be happy to work with my friend and colleague. We  can get this done. This one does not have to be difficult. Sure, it  takes a lot of time to put a bill on the floor and subject it to a full  process.   I am not the only one with concerns about this legislation, but for  my own purposes, as far as I am concerned, if we can get agreement on  that, I would be happy to let your measure pass if we can incorporate  that reform. We can incorporate that reform very easily, do another  unanimous consent request, and if no one else objects, I am happy to  let that one go with a simple reform. I already have the legislation  drafted from previous Congresses. We can get this done.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   