 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, over the past few months a  salt mine in my district, Morton Salt's Weeks Island Mine, a salt mine  that has been in operation for many, many years, has been unrighteously  targeted by the Mine Safety and Health Administration, MSHA.   In particular, there is a singular MSHA inspector who appears to have  a personal vendetta. These concerns have been brought to my attention  and MSHA's leadership has also been advised. This has been an ongoing  issue between MSHA and Morton Salt.   These are justified concerns, yet they have fallen on deaf ears at  MSHA. MSHA's handling of this matter isn't just about one company or  one mine, I would say to my colleague across the aisle. It is about the  integrity of our regulatory institutions and the protection of due  process rights.   In this case, the evidence has been brought to me that shows a  concerning pattern where enforcement actions may have been influenced  by conflicts of interest and retaliatory motives, specifically  involving MSHA Inspector Brandon Olivier.   These allegations are not just troubling, they indicate a potential  breach of trust. This trust is placed in Congress for the oversight  role of our regulatory bodies.   Furthermore, when Morton Salt raised these valid concerns to MSHA's  district manager, Mr. William O'Dell, their grievances were seemingly  ignored, contributing to a breakdown in the fair and impartial  resolution process that should be a cornerstone of our regulatory  system.   I am sure my colleagues on both sides of the aisle would agree with  that general premise. In response to these findings and to ensure  accountability within MSHA, I am proposing several amendments.   These are not just punitive measures. They are essential steps toward  restoring trust and ensuring that such lapses in judgment and  responsibility do not recur.   Amendment No. 2 that we are currently discussing will be reducing  MSHA's salary and expense account and redirecting funds to the  Department of Labor's Office of Inspector General account.   Mr. Chair, I rise in favor of amendment No. 2. With the cuts in  salary that I have offered in amendments 112 and 113, this amendment  would reduce MSHA's salary and expense account by $1 million and  reallocate it to the Department of Labor's Office of Inspector General,  which reflects Congress' commitment to accountability, given issues  that have arisen in the Morton Salt case.   Congress should demand ethical enforcement from our agencies.  Failures, as in this case, must have oversight and consequences. This  reallocation strengthens oversight, enhancing the Inspector General's  capacity to investigate and ensure fair, unbiased regulatory actions.   This measure shows Congress' dedication to integrity in Federal  institutions, ensuring regulatory bodies like MSHA maintain high  standards of conduct.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I  have remaining.    Mr. Chair, I respect the gentlewoman's  opposition, but I take exception to the nature of the gentlewoman's  opposition.   My amendment specifically addresses the health and safety of the  American workers within that mine because the health and safety of  every American family begins with economic security. To have their jobs  threatened by the targeted and vindictive actions and the abused  authority of one regulator, and for Congress not to act when this has  been brought to our attention, would be truly shameful.   Mr. Chairman, I respectfully submit to the gentlewoman that I am  using the mechanisms of Congress constitutionally, specifically to  address the health and welfare of the American citizens whom I serve.   Mr. Chairman, I urge full support of my amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of amendment  No. 112, which reduces the salary of Mr. Christopher Williamson,  Assistant Secretary for Mine Safety and Health Administration, to $1.   This measure reflects our concern over the leadership under which  questionable enforcement actions occurred. This is a call for  accountability at the highest levels.   Madam Chair, I encourage my passionate and brilliant colleague from  Connecticut to consider my words.   This Chamber was built to reflect the highest ideals of individual  rights and freedoms. The birth of our Nation, as envisioned by our  Founders, included the balance of powers built throughout our  government. This Chamber where we stand in the people's House is one- half of a bicameral Congress. We are the legislative branch. We are  held accountable by elections and, in extreme cases, by censure or  ejection from Congress.   Our judicial branch is filled with judges who are appointed,  reviewed, and confirmed by our Senate and held to the highest  standards. Our executive branch at the highest levels is accountable by  election and, in egregious or extreme circumstances, by impeachment.   However, the bureaucrats, Madam Chair, and I say it to my colleague  across the aisle respectfully, the bureaucrats of the executive branch  are hardly accountable, save for by action through the power of the  purse by Congress.   We have the right to exercise the power of the purse to do things  like contract the salary of a rogue executive employee who has abused  their authority and thwarted the will of the people. We have not only  the right to do so, but we have the obligation to do so.   Reducing the salary of a bureaucrat regulator who has abused their  authority is a shot across the bow of oppression.   I have listened respectfully to my colleague oppose every amendment  of the Republican majority, and I ask her to respectfully consider how  else, Madam Chair, we might control oppressive actions of rogue and  abusive bureaucrats from within the executive branch.   They are implanted within our government. They are an army of  bureaucrats who are virtually unreachable by standard business  procedures. They are very difficult to fire or dismiss. They are  insulated by many layers and levels  [[Page H5831]]  of civil protection. Reducing the salary of a regulatory agent employee  of the executive branch is an effective and constitutionally sound  mechanism to control oppression.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of amendment No. 112, and I ask my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire as to how much  time I have remaining.    Madam Chair, do I appear to be anything  less than very serious? This is a serious body. I come from a humble  background. I know what it is to earn a dollar or not. I rise in  support of this action because it is the right thing to do.   Madam Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Chair, I rise to speak in favor of  amendment 113 of House Rules Committee Print of H.R. 5894.   Amendment 113 reduces the salary of Mr. William O'Dell, the district  manager in Dallas, Texas of the Mine Safety and Health Administration.   This action is in direct response to his failure to address the  conflict-of-interest concern raised by my constituent, Morton Salt,  demonstrating a significant lapse in supervisory responsibility and a  willful neglect to perform his duty.   Madam Chair, as I stated earlier, it is our obligation as sworn  servants to we the people to protect the individual rights and freedoms  of our citizens, and when an executive abuses his authority in our  government, he must be held accountable.   This obligation sometimes falls upon the shoulders of Congress and  the legal and constitutional mechanism that we have devised in this  body, the people's House, to hold a rogue, executive employee,  bureaucrat, regulatory agent accountable for actions beyond the pale of  defense. The mechanism that we have at our disposal and readily  available is the power of the purse.   Every effort by the Republican majority and conservatives amongst our  party and our Conference, every effort to employ the Holman rule to  contract the salary of an executive employee that has betrayed their  oath and abused their authority, every single effort has been thwarted  in this House.   It is good, Madam Chair, that the people take note and that the  historical record documents the votes of the Members of this body  because we, too, shall be held accountable.   The Founders hold us accountable every 2 years by design where a  servant in this body could be quickly removed if we do not comply with  the will of the people, if we do not always strive to protect the  individual rights and freedoms of the people, if we do not uphold the  oath that we have sworn.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support amendment 113, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.   