 Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of my colleague from  Arizona's amendment to cut funding to USAID.   For the American taxpayer watching, USAID is essentially a venture  capital fund that Americans pay for that invests in businesses and  economic development in other countries overseas.   At a time when we are $33 trillion in debt and facing $2 trillion  annual deficits in this country, it would seem to me to be an easy  decision to reduce the investments in Albania or the developing world,  for which we are borrowing money from China to make. That seems like an  easy thing to do, yet our colleagues call it drastic.   I would take the USAID fund down to zero. They would fund it to the  tune of billions of dollars. Maybe a compromise position is that we  would be willing to send USAID everything that was found in Senator  Menendez' jacket.   Maybe that is something that can bring us all together. If there is  going to be international bribe money paid that we are going to be  involved in, rather than sourcing it from the American taxpayer, we  could source it from corrupt Democratic politicians. I am here to bring  us together.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment reduces the amount of funding  allocated to USAID by $4.5 billion.   As I mentioned earlier, USAID is a vehicle through which the American  taxpayer pays for economic development in other countries. I think  instead we should spend more money on economic development of our own  country, and actually, if we spent less money overall, we probably  would see less inflation, more prosperity, and the type of economic  growth that we saw during President Trump's time in office.   USAID may have started with laudable goals, but today, they are  promoting abortion globally with American tax dollars. They are pushing  President Biden's national gender strategy.   I never thought we needed a national gender strategy, but if we need  a national gender strategy, can we at least not spend so much money  promoting it abroad?   It is silly.   The DEI programs that are embedded in The 1619 Project have been  embraced by United Nations Ambassador Linda Thomas-Greenfield, and we  see that continue to manifest through USAID.   American taxpayers should focus their resources and their efforts on  the American people and the American economy. This is a thoughtful  reduction. It should be easily agreed to.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, my amendment makes a $4.5 billion cut; $3.5  billion of that stops us from retiring global debt for Ukraine.   Now, I don't think it is an unrealistic position to say that the  United States of America should not deficit spend to retire the debt of  other countries.   Think about that. We are borrowing money from China to go settle the  debts of Ukraine that they accrued far before this war with Russia.   My colleagues say this exists to counter the PRC. We are never going  to out-bribe the PRC on the global scene. We are going to need another  strategy.   If you listen to the debate of those opposing my amendment, hear the  substance: Oh, my goodness, people around the world are having problems  buying food and buying fuel, and if the U.S. taxpayer would just  sacrifice a little more, it might be easier to buy food and fuel in  other countries.   I have a message for my Democratic colleagues: People are having a  hard time buying food and fuel in this country as a consequence of the  very inflationary spending that I am trying to reduce with this  amendment.   We should retire our debt before we retire Ukraine's debt.    That is such an obvious statement, I am shocked I have to say it on  the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives, where I am just glad we  are still hanging our flag.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, it is hard to believe what I am hearing.   The gentlewoman is saying: But there is malaria and tuberculosis and  sickness and ailment all around the world.   The gentlewoman need look no further than her home State of  California where the human condition continues to decline. She would  need to look no further than the major cities throughout our country  that are under Democrat control.   Maybe before we go solve all of the world's problems, maybe before we  function as the world's policeman and the world's piggy bank and the  world's debt payer, we ought to focus on the issues that we have here  in this country. They are real, and frankly, too often, they  metastasize from the gentlewoman's home State.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, the reason we are here debating this issue is  because my colleague from Georgia (Ms. Greene) has found there are  distributions that could possibly go to Ukraine. She is fighting  admirably, often alone, and she is the reason that we are actually  making some progress in this Congress to comport the will of this body  to the will of the American people who think we have sent too much to  Ukraine.   $115 billion--it is inflationary, escalatory, and could likely lead  to an accident that could sleepwalk us into world war III.   I am in strong support of the Taylor Greene amendment and all of her  amendments to engage in this very noble effort to stop the United  States from funding the war in Ukraine.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment ensures that none of the funds  appropriated in this act will be used to administer the Paris climate  accord.   The Paris climate accord is the unilateral surrender of the American  economy, not for the sake of any environmental improvement; it merely  uses the veneer of climate change to execute a permission structure for  some of the dirtiest countries in the world, for some of the greatest  polluters to be able to benefit at the expense of the United States.   The Paris climate accord represents a circumstance where we were dead  money at the table, putting up cash in exchange for economic  development in faraway lands that would not benefit our people.   This was a globalist enterprise. It was America last, and U.S.  taxpayers should not be funding the Paris climate accord. That is the  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart).    Mr. Chair, it is neither moral nor smart to drive our  Nation deeper into debt, to jeopardize the future of this country so  that we can engage in a globalist virtue signal.   If this global agreement were real and benefiting our country, I  think you would find more people that were open-minded about a desire  to ensure that we have an environment that is good for all of the  inhabitants of the planet Earth, but, unfortunately, that is not what  the Paris accord did.   The Paris accord required the United States to put up the cash, and  then it gave the exemptions to China and India and the worst polluters  on the planet Earth.   This isn't a question of whether or not we support the environment,  this is a question about whether or not under the veneer of  environmentalism we are going to kill American jobs, kill American  manufacturing, make our country less competitive, drive down our GDP  while China and India play us like fools.   We are better than that.   The underlying bill does great work to ensure that our resources are  directed to America's interests, not to the interests of these global  institutions.   Mr. Chair, I would encourage adoption of this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.  [[Page H4778]]        