 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas that  I am proud to serve with on the House Committee on Rules for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule which provides for  consideration of the HALT Fentanyl Act, an important first step in  fighting back against a drug that is killing thousands of Americans.   The HALT Fentanyl Act is an extension of the work that this majority  is doing to support our law enforcement officers and first responders.  These men and women in blue, who are maligned, villainized, and  defunded in cities and States across the country, need our support  today to continue to fight back against the trafficking of these lethal  drugs.   Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers all agree that  without this important scheduling in place, the surge of fentanyl into  this country will break new records and more lives and communities will  be ruined in the wake.   In just a 10-day span earlier this year, State troopers in my  district reported over 20 deaths from fentanyl overdoses. In just a 10- day span, 20 victims of the flood of this deadly substance into our  country were killed, their families and their communities torn apart in  the process.   In recent years, the drug-related death rate in Erie County in  western New York has risen by 256 percent. As is the case in so many  communities, fentanyl and fentanyl-related substances are responsible  for more and more of these deaths.   It is hard to believe it can get any worse, but sadly, it could. If  we allow the scheduling of fentanyl-related substances to expire, we  will strip law enforcement of the authority they need to seize these  extremely lethal drugs.   They are the ones who are pursuing the traffickers and getting them  off the streets. They are also the ones who, too often, arrive on the  scene to try to save the life of someone who has tragically succumbed  to an overdose.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to support this legislation that will help  ensure law enforcement has the tools they need to protect our  communities and save lives.   