 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from California (Mr. Kiley)  for gathering us here today for something very important: to speak out  against President Biden's nomination of Julie Su to be the next United  States Secretary of Labor.   As a former Republican member of the California Legislature, Mr.  Kiley knows all too well why this should not happen, and the rest of  the country should take notice.   As a former small business owner, I also understand why this should  not happen because I understand both the needs of the employer and the  employee. I have seen firsthand how empowering your employees, Mr.  Speaker, is a leading factor in the overall success of a business and  how managing with wise and prudent decisionmaking is the right way to  go. That is something that Julie Su has not done and has proven that  during her time in California and here in Washington, D.C.   During her time as the secretary of the California Labor and  Workforce Development Agency, she repeatedly put big businesses and  their wants ahead of the needs and concerns of the workers. In fact,  she put unions ahead of the rights and needs of workers.   During this time, she championed California Assembly Bill 5, which  reclassified independent contractors, harming them by considering them  employees and, in fact, taking that ability to be independent  contractors away from many categories of workers who were intending to  build their businesses and build their lives. In doing so, it forced  them into these formal employment relationships intended for no other  purpose--and I want to pause here--for no other purpose than to drive  up union enrollment. She is simply doing the bidding of big unions.   On top of this, during the pandemic, Ms. Su's office facilitated the  distribution of more than $30 billion in fraudulent claims, the largest  exhibition of fraud in California State history.   When we look at what we want out of a Labor Secretary, we certainly  want wisdom, and we want the ability to manage the Department. Neither  of those is present as characteristics in Ms. Su.   I am deeply concerned about the fate of hardworking Americans under  the direction of Julie Su as Secretary of Labor. She does not  understand the needs of workers and the responsibilities of employers,  and she has repeatedly demonstrated, as I mentioned, poor judgment in  her official capacity. To try to dissolve the ability for workers to  have that independent contractor relationship is simply misguided.   Unfortunately, Julie Su is just another example of the Biden  administration nominating someone who is neither qualified nor  possessive of the right judgment to lead the Department.   Rather than work toward enacting meaningful policy that will benefit  all Americans, the Biden administration continues to nominate  individuals like Ms. Su who are sure to enact the President's liberal  agenda and proposed policies, allowing him and his administration to  bypass Congress and the American people.   The misguided policies executed in California under Ms. Su when she  was secretary of the Labor and Workforce Development Agency there do  not reflect the needs and wishes of the east Texans that I represent  nor Americans as a whole.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to reject the  nomination of Julie Su for Labor Secretary.   