 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we will shortly be voting on the cloture  motion for S.J. Res. 4, and we are joined by Senator Murkowski. I first  want to start by thanking her for her extraordinary leadership on this  issue and so many other issues that involve equality and opportunity  for all Americans. It has been a journey that we have shared together,  and I really want to thank her for her leadership on S.J. Res. 4.   It is bipartisan, and I know we are going to have a strong vote. I  would just urge our colleagues not to filibuster equality. Let's get  onto this resolution and complete the work that we have done. The  States have already completed the work. Three-fourths, 38 States, have  already approved and ratified the constitutional amendment for equal  rights.  [[Page S1405]]    It is now necessary for us to take the final step and remove any  doubt on the validity of the previous actions of Congress and the  ratifications by the States. The courts have held what we have done  before. It is up to Congress to do this. We have the authority, and we  have the opportunity today by the vote that is going to take place.   We just got a statement on the administration's policy. President  Biden strongly supports S.J. Res. 4. So we now have the support of the  executive branch, and I hope that we can get the votes today in order  to move forward on this. It is necessary.   We know that there are still systemic challenges based upon sex in  our workplace, in healthcare, and domestic violence. This will be  helpful, and most Americans already think it is part of the  Constitution. So let's get the job done. We will have an opportunity to  do so in a few moments.   Again, I want to thank my colleague, who has been a true leader on  this, Senator Murkowski of Alaska.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, once again, I want to thank Senator  Murkowski for her leadership. This is a bipartisan effort, this joint  resolution that we have, and it has been what the Equal Rights  Amendment journey was about.   It started with action in the Congress. There was strong bipartisan  support for the resolution for no discrimination based upon sex in our  Constitution. It was passed by the House and Senate by bipartisan  majorities.   The States' ratification process--I can tell you about the one in  Maryland that I was part of when I was in the House of Delegates in our  State legislature when we ratified the Equal Rights Amendment. There  was strong bipartisan support.   And I am proud today that I am joining with Senator Murkowski for the  need for the Equal Rights Amendment  [[Page S1406]]  to be ratified. This is a bipartisan effort. I hope our colleagues will  not filibuster it. I understand the concern.   This will be our first vote in the Senate on the resolution. The  House has already passed it in two previous Congresses. I know that our  House colleagues are watching, and I thank them for their leadership in  the House. This will be our first opportunity in the Senate. I am glad  we are having this opportunity.   With that, Mr. President, I would ask consent that, despite the  previous order, we start the vote immediately.   