 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the song ``Free Bird'' by Lynyrd Skynyrd  became an anthem for those consumed by wanderlust. The music speaks to  freedom, the right to explore and experience the world, and a simple  truth that we are all connected.   However, on October 25, 2021, the right to explore and experience the  [[Page S897]]  world was put on hold for many when the White House issued a  proclamation suspending and limiting air travel by unvaccinated foreign  travelers.   This mandate levies a particularly heavy cost on State and local  economies and American relationships. Continuing this mandate at a time  when President Biden himself declared that the pandemic is over is  unjustified, and it ignores the new risk calculus that is affording  Americans a renewed sense of normalcy. You see, Americans are ready to  move on. In fact, in many instances, they are moving on. Yet many are  kept from doing so because of this policy and others like it.   Right now, foreign travelers, including family members, friends,  business relationships, and even international sports stars, are being  kept off U.S. soil due to this draconian vaccine mandate.   Mr. President, there are too many places we have got to see, but if  we stay here with this vaccine mandate, things just couldn't be the  same.   So in the spirit of freedom, in the spirit of self-determination and  sanity, I am here today to try to pass this--to try to seek to pass by  unanimous consent the FREEBIRD Act, which will restore the right to  explore and experience the world by allowing nonimmigrant, noncitizen  travelers to be vaccinated only if they choose to do so, because this  policy has separated loved ones for too long.   It is time to end the COVID-19 vaccine requirement for foreign  visitors, prohibit using Federal funds to carry out this requirement,  and prevent the CDC from ordering future COVID-19 vaccine mandates for  foreign travelers. This is just costing too much.   In 2021 alone, Utah visitors spent nearly $11 billion visiting our  great State, generating over 130,000 jobs and almost $2 billion in  State and local tax revenue alone. A significant portion of that  involves foreign travel. But international visitation rates are still  lagging. By lifting this vaccine mandate, Utah and the United States  stand to benefit from increased international travel.   Our travel and tourism industry in the State of Utah dipped  substantially after the pandemic hit us and hit us hard. Fortunately,  it has recovered very nicely, but it has never recovered in the  international travel sector to where it should be now, due in  significant part to this particular mandate. It is not right. And it is  not just costing us tourism; it is costing us meaningful connections  that enrich and promote our shared humanity.    Right now, 22-time Grand Slam champion and top tennis competitor  Novak Djokovic is missing the ongoing Miami Open due to the foreign  traveler vaccine mandate still in effect, regrettably, in the United  States. He recently missed the Masters tournament in Indian Wells, CA,  for the same reason.   The U.S. Tennis Association, which does not impose COVID-19  restrictions of its own, expressed its hope that the policy will end.   This is an excellent example of how the United States and Americans  in general miss out on relationships, business, and recreational  opportunities. The United States is missing the action while Djokovic  continues to play in countries that have ended their vaccine mandates,  including in Monaco, Bosnia, and France. It is affecting his standing  in world tennis competition. Just as importantly, it is affecting  America's standing with the rest of the world.   Perhaps some think that the joke is on Djokovic. The joke is not on  Djokovic; the joke is on us, the United States of America, if we leave  this senseless, meaningless policy in place that does no good. It  accomplishes nothing, but it inflicts great harm at the same time.   Right now, we have the opportunity--a great opportunity, a prime  opportunity--to reverse course. Today, we can join the rest of the  world, restore our personal and business relationships, boost our  tourism, and reengage in the competitive spirit that brings nations  together.   It is time to end this mandate. It is time to be free as a bird. So I  ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 14, H.R. 185; further, that the Lee  substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, that the  bill as amended be considered read a third time and passed, and that  the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I appreciate the thoughtful words from my  friend and colleague, the Senator from Vermont. I have enjoyed working  with him on the Judiciary Committee, and I always appreciate his  insights and the thoughtful, respectful manner in which he communicates  his message. I do think it is significant to point out a couple things  in response to those arguments.   I think it is unfortunate. We had an opportunity to end this today,  and by ending it, we could open up travel and tourism in a way that we  haven't been. We could join the ranks of civilized nations of the world  that have seen what a barbaric piece of nonsense this sort of  restriction is, and we can do it right now.   Now, my friend and colleague from Vermont points out that it is  important to remember that the public health emergency associated with  the COVID-19 pandemic is set to come to an end. I assume he is  referring to the May 11 deadline on which we are expecting for it to  come to an end. I welcome that, and I look forward to that coming to an  end. It is right for it to come to an end. One must ask, however, why  must we wait until then to bring it to an end? President Biden has now  long acknowledged that the emergent nature of the pandemic is itself  over, is itself passed.   I understand and respect concerns about not wanting to do things too  abruptly that might affect, for example, telehealth. That is very  important. That is why it is very important for me to point out here  that there is absolutely nothing in this bill that would  [[Page S898]]  affect in any way the practice of telehealth--not directly, not  indirectly, nothing, nada. There is zero language in this amendment  that would in any way affect telehealth. Is there anything in here that  would affect the other programs--any of them--that he mentioned? Not  one thing. This is laser-focused on a single point-of-entry restriction  on foreign visitors to the United States. That is it. Nothing else is  affected by it.   So if what we are saying is that we can't end any of this before we  end all of the public health emergency, that makes no sense. It also  makes no sense because, as far as we can tell, there is absolutely  nothing about the international traveler restriction attached to this  particular mandate that is tied to the public health emergency for the  COVID-19 pandemic--nothing. They are not tied together. So there is no  reason at all for us to not pass this today, right now, at this moment.   Look, this has passed the House of Representatives. We could make  this law. We could make this the law of the land by the end of the day  today. The American people would be much better off for it.   Who will be better off as a result of keeping it? It is a legitimate  question to ask. Who benefits from this? I struggle to imagine who  really benefits from it. Now, maybe one or two Federal bureaucrats save  face over it because they put it in place. Perhaps they have some pride  of authorship with it; they don't want it to end. Well, I hate to break  it to them: They are not lawmakers. They don't have the job of making  law. We do.    So if this stays on the book, again, the joke is on us. The joke is  not on Djokovic; it is on us.   So I really am trying to understand why we would want to wait until  May 11 or any other date on which the Federal pandemic emergency would  come to an end. It makes no sense.   To the degree that this involves an argument that I have heard time  and time again when addressing COVID issues from several of our  colleagues that we have to defer to the experts, defer to the science  used by the experts in our Federal executive branch Agencies, I would  ask this: Do you mean the same experts who told us that this virus came  from bats? I am told that anyone who doubted the idea that it came from  bats, that they were horrible people aimed at genocide or something.   Do you mean the same experts who told the American people they  couldn't let their little kids go to school?   Do you mean the same experts who told America they had to mask their  2-year-olds, apparently unaware of the fact that 2-year-olds don't  respond fairly well to that? It makes me wonder whether any of those  people have ever raised or even been around an actual 2-year-old.   Do you mean the same experts who told us that masks would make all  the difference and that if you were masked, you would live, and if you  were unmasked, you would die?   Do you mean the same experts who told us that if we got the vaccine,  we would not get or be able to spread COVID-19? I can speak from  personal experience. Having had COVID, then got vaccinated, then got it  again, it didn't have that effect. And I know there are millions and  millions of people like me who are in the same boat.   Do you mean the same experts who continue to this day to insist that  everyone else follow the restrictions imposed by those experts who were  not elected by the American people and are not accountable to anyone  who is elected by the American people?   We have reached an epidemic in this country, an epidemic in which we  have government being run by experts. Experts are great. I am glad we  have access to them. They are not lawmakers. My copy of the  Constitution, in the very first operative provision--the first article,  the first section, the first clause of the Constitution says: ``All  legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the  United States, which shall consist of a Senate and a House of  Representatives,'' making clear that if you want to make a Federal law,  you must go through Congress, not through an expert in some executive  branch Agency.   Article 1, section 7 makes clear how that happens. You can make a  Federal law only if you pass something through the House and the same  language through the Senate and then present it to the President for  signature, veto or acquiescence. If you don't follow that formula, you  don't have a Federal law.   Tragically, since the mid-1930s, we have been on a bad trajectory, a  bad course, a bad idea conceived in hell by the Devil himself in which  we started delegating our lawmaking power. We hereby declare that we  shall have good law in area X, and we hereby commit and delegate to  commission Y the power to make and interpret and enforce and adjudicate  laws, rules carrying the force of generally applicable Federal law.  Make it so.   The power to make laws, to be a lawmaker, is distinct from the power  to make lawmakers. We are given by the Constitution and the people who  elected us the power to do the former, not the latter. We make laws,  not lawmakers.   The only way these things were put in force to begin with was because  we have excessively delegated our lawmaking power. Shame on us for  doing that. It has remained in effect because the Federal court system,  in my view, while occasionally stepping in, has been a little too lax,  a little too reluctant to push back when we delegate our lawmaking  power, which is itself a nondelegable duty. Shame on them for doing  that, but shame on us again for the fact that when we act, we delegate  to somebody. Somebody puts in place a ridiculous, indefensible set of  policies--policies that would never pass this body, never become law  here or in the House of Representatives. Why? Because they are stupid.  They are silly. They are ridiculous. They are counterproductive. A  policy that we would never enact, and if we were stupid enough to enact  it, we would promptly repeal it.   When it gets put in place by an unelected, unaccountable bureaucrat  using a stretched, distorted version of statutory text delegating them  some other power, we have to sit here and take it. The American people,  whom we serve, who hired us to make laws, have to sit there and take  it. And we pretend: Sorry, there is nothing we can do. We have to wait  until the experts end this problem that they themselves created.   This has to stop. I am not going away. This issue isn't going away. I  don't want to wait until May 11. I don't want to wait until those  bureaucrats pull their heads out of wherever their heads happen to be  at the moment.   This is not going away, and I will be back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   