 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to use several  props during my remarks.    Silas James Hogg. I want to introduce Silas to you,  Madam President, to the American people and to my colleagues in the  Senate.   I would love to be able to put his photograph up here because he is a  fine-looking young man, but for privacy reasons, I have decided not to.   Silas and I go to the same church, so, in some ways, we have kind of  grown up together. His mom and dad are Jeff and Shannon Hogg, two  wonderful people, two great parents. Silas has a sister named Ellie  Grace. Ellie Grace is splendid in her own right. Maybe someday I will  come down to talk about Ellie Grace, but today I want to talk about  Silas.   Silas is a rising eighth grader. He just finished the seventh grade.  Next year, he is going to attend the Brighthouse Learning Academy.   In his spare time, he likes to play with his mom and dad and sister.  He is very close to all three of them. He has a motorized bike that he  likes to ride around his neighborhood. He likes to play LEGOs. He likes  to play video games. He has three pets: two dogs and one cat. Toby and  Milo are the pups. Kahn is the cat. Kahn probably rules the roost.   Silas, as I alluded to, is--I hope you are listening, Silas. Silas is  whip-smart. He is kind. He is special in every way, and he is what cool  looks like.   Why am I talking about Silas? I just want to thank him. Over the  break, Silas gave me a present. It was heartfelt from him, I know, and  it was heartfelt when I received it.   First, he gave it to me in this envelope. It was very safe. He  stapled it together. He gave me a pen. Silas knows I am always losing  pens. And he gave me--we are still talking about what it is, but it is  a glass stone or crystal. We are in the process of researching it.   But, Silas, I can't tell you how much this meant to me and does mean  to me, my new pen--we are not going to lose it; I am going to put it  right here--and my new lucky stone.   You are special, Silas. You are special in many, many ways. And I  want you to know, Silas, that I am bringing back home to you--in thanks  for your gift, I am going to give you a gift. I am going to give you a  gift of the seal of the U.S. Senate.   Silas is one of Louisiana's best and brightest. He has challenges-- gosh, we all do--but he rises above them every day.   Thank you, Silas.   