 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come before the Senate this afternoon to  address the disturbing matter of Vladimir Kara-Murza and to call on the  State Department to act and act decisively now on behalf of Mr. Kara- Murza.   Vladimir Kara-Murza is a courageous Russian leader and outspoken  opponent of the dictatorship of President Putin there in Russia and a  leader in the democracy effort in his home country of Russia.   Many colleagues, myself included, know Vladimir Kara-Murza  personally. I admire him. I consider him a friend. Other Senators will  remember who Mr. Kara-Murza is after I remind the Senate of his  history.   Mr. Kara-Murza was the right-hand man of the late Russian opposition  leader Boris Nemtsov. I say the late Russian leader because he was  assassinated within the shadows of the Kremlin in 2015, after a career  of courageous, outspoken opposition to the dictatorship in Russia. That  was Boris Nemtsov.   His assistant and right-hand man, Kara-Murza, was just this week  sentenced to a 25-year prison term in Russia, having already served 1  year in prison for the simple offense of speaking out on behalf of  freedom and democracy in Russia.   Over the years, Vladimir Kara-Murza has spoken up against President  Putin's invasion of Ukraine. He has spoken out against the suppression  of human rights in Russia.   He has worked with members of Congress. He has worked with Senator  Cardin. He has worked with Senators like me and with former Senator  John McCain. And he has been instrumental in getting us to pass and  getting the administrations to sign important human rights legislation,  like the Magnitsky Act, which has now been signed by 35 or more  countries internationally, to crack down on those individuals within a  dictatorship regime who have benefited from the violations of human  rights.   How has Mr. Vladimir Kara-Murza paid for this offense of speaking out  on behalf of democracy and freedom? He is the one who has twice been  poisoned by the Putin regime--on two occasions. And they fumbled it  twice. Now they have a third chance to kill him, and it may be that,  unless the State Department acts quickly, the Putin regime may finally  get their wish and see the obituary of Vladimir Kara-Murza.   His life is in danger now. Because of his previous poisonings, both  of which he recovered from, he has suffered already from  polyneuropathy. After a year in prison, he has lost 40 pounds. He has  lost feeling in both of his feet now and is losing the feeling in one  of his arms. That is the situation he finds himself in, the week when  he was sentenced to a 25-year prison term simply for speaking out on  behalf of freedom. Even under Russian law, a statutory scheme that none  of us would approve of--even under Russian law--a diagnosis such as  this would lead to the release of any prisoner, but not, apparently,  for Vladimir Kara-Murza. Predictably, the Russian courts have violated  their own law to keep him detained.   Today, we read about many victims of Russia's despotism. We have been  talking this week about former U.S. Marine Paul Whelan, who has been  sitting in a Russian prison since 2018 under fabricated charges, and  then the recently detained Wall Street Journal reporter, Evan  Gershkovich.   Those two individuals need our support and are getting the support of  the State Department--the same support that Mr. Vladimir Kara-Murza  needs now and that the Senate should demand of the State Department.   The State Department has the capability, as they have done for these  two other prisoners, Gershkovich and Whelan. They have the ability to  designate Mr. Kara-Murza as ``wrongfully detained'' under the Levinson  Act. This classification would make the release of Vladimir Kara-Murza  a top U.S. Government priority.   Granting this designation would be a major step forward and would  raise this case to the highest level of attention within the State  Department and with regard to their negotiations with the Kremlin. It  would give negotiators new tools to act strongly and quickly. Strong  action and quick action is needed now to save the very life of Vladimir  Kara-Murza.   Efforts on his behalf could be conducted alongside the efforts that  are being initiated for Mr. Whelan and Mr. Gershkovich, which I very  much support.   I implore the State Department to elevate this case also and save the  life of Vladimir Kara-Murza, and I implore all Members of Congress to  join me in urging our government to take immediate action to support  all three of these gentlemen.   Let's resolve that our government and our State Department act in  every way possible to gain the release of these prisoners and in  particular this prisoner whose life is hanging at the very moment by a  thread.   I met with Vladimir Kara-Murza's wife only yesterday. She had met  with the State Department, along with her attorneys, along with some  advocates. Clearly, she fears for the life of her husband.   She is a resident of Northern Virginia, by the way, with two small  children.   She fears for the life of her husband, and she worries about the  future of herself and her children, but also she wonders why the State  Department would not act in the most forceful way possible, and that is  with this designation of ``wrongfully detained.''   Senator Cardin and I will be speaking to Members of the Senate and  the House about this. We will be passing around a letter to sign to the  Secretary of State urging that this matter be given the highest  consideration. And perhaps we can diplomatically obtain the release of  this courageous person who has committed no crime and save the life of  Vladimir Kara-Murza.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   