 Mr. President, it is that time of year again--ending the  month of September, starting a new fiscal year. We have a  responsibility we accept as Members of Congress to do some things:  Answer rollcalls, respond to our constituents, keep the lights on in  the Federal Government. The third issue is one which we are contesting  this week.   The Senate, I believe, has taken a responsible, thoughtful approach  to this. It gets down to basics. There are 51 Democrats, 49  Republicans, effectively, and most measures of consequence require more  than a majority vote. So the decision was made by both Senator Schumer  and Senator McConnell to put together a continuing resolution, which is  a stopgap spending measure, on a bipartisan basis so that we would have  bipartisanship as the starting point. They achieved that. They achieved  that in a way that surprised a lot of people because we had a  procedural vote in the Senate on the Senate bipartisan continuing  resolution and 77 Senators voted in favor. Now, 77 Senators in the U.S.  Senate is more than just a supermajority; it is a pretty impressive  number, and it doesn't happen very often.   On Tuesday evening, the Senate Appropriations Committee chair,  Senator Patty Murray of Washington, working with Republican Senator  Susan Collins of Maine, released a text of the bipartisan continuing  resolution. It spelled out what we think needs to be done to keep the  government open and functioning for about 6 or 7 weeks, until November  17, giving us time to negotiate a budget for remainder of the year.   I would quickly add that the efforts of Senator Murray and Senator  Collins in the Appropriations Committee leading up to this moment were  historic in nature. It has been more than 5 years, I believe, since we  have come to the floor and actually debated spending bills and actually  amended spending bills on the floor. We usually are faced with short- term spending bills or omnibus bills that combine the entire budget in  one massive piece of legislation. But Senators Murray and Collins had  us moving in the right direction, a bipartisan direction, and that is  evidenced as well in their efforts in this continuing resolution.   This continuing resolution does more than keep the lights on. It  includes crucial emergency assistance and program extensions.   It includes $6.5 billion to maintain our commitment to Ukraine and $6  billion to help FEMA respond to federally declared disasters, including  one in my State of Illinois, where 20 counties are working to recover  from the impact of summer storms.   It would prevent a lapse in funding for critical healthcare efforts,  like community healthcare centers. I am sure the Presiding Officer has  visited many of these centers in his State. I have in my State.   It really is one of the more amazing products coming out of the  Affordable Care Act. I can remember when Senators met at the last  minute and demanded that we fund these community healthcare clinics as  part of the bill. It was a stroke of genius. It meant that people of  limited means would have access to quality medical care. I have said,  and it is not political puffery, that if I were seriously ill, I would  gladly visit one of these clinics and seek treatment because I think  they are that good.    Also, there is the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women,  Infants, and Children. It is one thing to give a speech about families  and mothers, mothers surviving pregnancy, and about children, young  children, getting off to a strong start in life; it is another thing to  put bread on the table. The WIC Program puts bread on the table. In our  continuing resolution, we keep the lights on at that Agency. It is the  right thing to do.   We would also extend the authorization to the Federal Aviation  Administration through December 31. How important is safety in airline  travel? Critically important. If you remember the last time there was a  threat of shutting down the government, it was the people responsible  for regulating and keeping our planes safe that convinced us we could  no longer play that game. I hope we don't have to go through that  experience again.   This week, 77 Senators recognized that bipartisanship was the  solution to avoiding a shutdown. That includes the leaders of both  parties, the Democratic chair of the Senate Appropriations Committee  and the ranking member, whom I have noted.   Unfortunately, over in the House, it is just an exercise in chaos.  Speaker McCarthy has declared the bipartisan Senate continuing  resolution is dead on arrival. Our bipartisan bill, worked out with  both sides of the aisle, that won 77 votes, he has dismissed as  unacceptable. For reasons beyond my understanding, he has chosen the  far-right rebellion of a few MAGA House Republicans over the continued,  orderly function of our government. He has chosen to put bipartisanship  and politics above the American people.   For however long it takes the Speaker to gain control of this small  faction of his party, essential social services will be slowed, Federal  employees and military servicemembers will go without paychecks for  their families.   This group of extreme Republicans is intent on slashing millions from  social programs, attaching their political agenda for our border before  they will even begin to discuss keeping the government open. The  American people deserve better.   I just left a meeting of the Senate Committee on the Judiciary where  Senator Graham raised the legitimate concern about what is happening at  our border. We are being swamped with people seeking entry into the  United States. This is not unusual. If you look around the world, that  is happening in many places. There are so many people now who have been  dislocated from  [[Page S4732]]  their homes that the refugee experts tell us there is no record of such  a number in the modern history of the world. It is no surprise that the  United States, as a prize destination, is feeling that pressure.   Why would it make sense, I would say to Speaker McCarthy, for us to  shut down the government and take the men and women who are along the  border now, trying to keep us safe, and make a dramatic budget cut in  their Agency? It is just the opposite of what we need. We need the  resources and the personnel to have an orderly process at our border.  Shutting down the government fails to meet that responsibility.   The group of extreme Republicans intent on slashing millions on  social programs and attaching their political agenda to the border say  that they want to discuss these issues before any serious measure is  considered. The American people deserve better. We are not a bargaining  chip.   A shutdown would harm every American who relies on government  services. It would halt small business loans and, if you can imagine,  stall medical research at the National Institutes of Health and  jeopardize nutrition assistance for low-income women, infants, and  children. It would delay food safety inspection and deprive children  access to Head Start. It would likely cause travel delays because more  than 13,000 air traffic controllers and 50,000 TSA officers would be  forced to work without pay. It would also furlough 1,000 air traffic  controllers who are now being trained for filling the vacancies  critically important at that Agency.   Shutdowns are slowing down our economy progress and jeopardizing jobs  and future economic growth. They also tell the world that, in America,  politics can rule. It can get in the way of basically paying our bills,  providing service to our people, and conducting day-to-day business  that keeps our Nation afloat.   The last three government shutdowns led to 56,940 years in lost  productivity and cost the government at least $338 million in  additional costs and late fees. That is American taxpayer dollars that  are being wasted because of this shutdown.   The last full shutdown in 2013 reduced gross domestic product growth  by $20 billion, and a 5-week partial shutdown in 2018 reduced economic  output by $11 billion.   I urge my House Republican colleagues to resist making shutdowns a 5- year tradition in their party. If we have the option of keeping the  government funded while we continue to negotiate a longer term funding  plan, why put the Nation through this pain?   Funding the government is one of the essential parts of this job. It  is time that we meet our responsibility and do it in a way that doesn't  disrupt America's livelihood and well-being. We need to finish the  full-year appropriations process and do it in a responsible way.   I urge my colleagues in both Chambers to choose bipartisanship and  pass the Senate continuing resolution so we can continue the important  process of funding the government in a grownup, responsible way for the  year 2024.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Smith) is  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Brown), the  Senator from California (Mrs. Feinstein), the Senator from Minnesota  (Ms. Smith), and the Senator from Mississippi (Ms. Stabenow) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Brown), the  Senator from California (Mrs. Feinstein), the Senator from Minnesota  (Ms. Smith), and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. Stabenow) are  necessarily absent.   