 Mr. Chair, I thank my friend from Florida for yielding.  Mr. Chair, it is almost hard to believe that we are actually having to  have this discussion. At a time when Americans are struggling to afford  groceries, the Biden administration is trying to implement new rules to  dictate what you have in your house, what kind of appliances you have  in your home.   As my friend from New York just stood up and said that this is not  just a Texas issue. This is not localized to one part of our country.  This spans the entire country.   We have seen the EPA overreach in every single aspect of energy,  every single aspect, whether it is with endangered species, the threat  of nonattainment in the Permian Basin, where I represent, they are  overreaching.   Their de facto ban on gas stoves would eliminate more than half of  the gas cooktops on the market today while forcing 187 million  Americans who use affordable, reliable natural gas to switch to  expensive, less desirable alternatives.   If this administration was serious about limiting pollution and  protecting our climate, they would unleash the energy that we produce  in my district in the Permian Basin, they would put Midland over  Moscow, and they would make it easier to produce clean energy, 40  percent cleaner natural gas in the U.S. compared to Russia. In fact,  homes with natural gas appliances emit 22 percent less CO2  than all-electric homes.   House Republicans are not just standing by idly. We are going to do  something. We are doing something. We are going to prevent this  overreach from happening.   Mr. President, unleash American energy. Don't make it harder to  produce natural gas here. Don't limit the types of stoves and  appliances we have in our homes. Quit overreaching.   Mr. Chair, allow Americans the freedoms that our Constitution  protects and pass this bill. Our bill will prevent the administration  from banning gas stoves or cooktops or imposing any standards that make  gas stoves unaffordable.   I appreciate the leadership throughout this House from the Speaker  and everyone else to bring this bill to bear. I urge a ``yes'' vote.   