 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the underlying bill requires the President  to have prepared for the American people and consider the inflation  impacts of all major executive orders. This provides transparency to  the American people of the economic impacts of such executive orders.   At the Rules Committee last night, the minority raised concerns that  these requirements would apply to a limited number of circumstances.  This amendment actually appeases these concerns by lowering the  threshold at which an executive order is considered major for the  requirements of the bill from $1 billion to $1 million.   This reduced threshold will ensure the President is required to  assess the inflationary impacts of significantly more executive orders  than the underlying bill would require, which actually increases the  amount of transparency provided by this bill.   I am sure the minority would agree with increased transparency. They  [[Page H978]]  asked for it just last night. They asked for it just in the last debate  over the last amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I am sure we have all heard from our constituents about  the impact of inflation. This amendment allows us to expand our efforts  to address their concerns.   While some of my friends on the other side of the aisle might say,  well, we need a different index, or we need an additional index, here  is what the American people don't need: They don't need some report of  progress or you name whatever you want to name it.   What the American people know is this: When they go to the store,  everything they are buying costs more. It is unaffordable. When they go  to the gas station to try to fill up their tank, it costs them more.  When they go to the lumberyard, when they go to the bank, when they try  to buy a new home, everything costs more.   They don't need some index to tell them that the cost of living is  going up and something is causing it, and one of the things is this.  Regardless of which party is in power in the executive branch,  executive orders would maybe actually reduce the cost of inflation. We  need to know that, too. We just want to know what the answer is  regardless of which way. This amendment would provide for that.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I will just say this. I am not from Maryland,  and I don't live around the beltway here, where everything is just  fine. I live up in Pennsylvania, where $1 billion or $1 million is a  lot of money to hardworking people who get up in the dark of night and  head out to work. A million dollars is a lot of money, and they would  like to know where we are spending it here.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer), the chairman of the committee.     Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to the time remaining.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, let me just say this. There were no disparaging  remarks about Maryland, only the fact that people in Pennsylvania  understand the value of $1 million or $1 billion, and they want to know  how it is being spent in Washington, D.C. It is their government. The  citizens of the United States, it is their government, and it is their  tax money.   This amendment seeks to provide that transparency so that they know  the effect of executive orders coming out of the White House, how it  affects their wallet. They should know that. We should all be for that.   If you want to discuss the Inflation Reduction Act, you can call any  bill here anything you want to. You can call it kids are beautiful and  the Sun is going to shine today. But here is what I know: In central  Pennsylvania, where I live, the good citizens that I represent are  paying $5, $6, $7 for a dozen eggs. They are paying $6, $7 for a pound  of hamburger. They can't afford to drive to work. They can't afford to  pay their energy bills. They are having a hard time paying their  mortgage.   That is inflation, sir. That is inflation, to the good gentleman from  Maryland. Part of that is caused by the White House's edicts that  impose  [[Page H979]]  things on the American people. They want to know and have the right to  know what that is so they can inform their votes.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, as we all should know by now, this bill  requires the President to consider for any major executive order the  impact of the executive order on inflation. I mean, the President is  the President of the United States and the well-being of every citizen  should be of the President's concern, and I believe it is.   When the American people have been suffering this inflation for  years, it makes sense to require the President, no matter which party,  to at least consider the impact of his actions on the American people,  because they don't have any choice in the matter till the next  election.   This amendment requires for executive orders that are found to have  an impact on the Consumer Price Index--we have got to have some  measure, right? Most people recognize the Consumer Price Index--a  detailed description of that impact so that we can all be on the same  page and we can all reference the same data point.   Folks, this is common sense, and it is reasonable. The way this bill  is currently written, I support the bill. The statement prepared by the  President must simply include whether it has an impact on inflation and  maybe the impact is to lower inflation. That would be awesome.   I think we are going to have to wait a couple years until we get a  President that actually does that. So be it, we will accept that, even  this legislation under a new President that lowers the cost of  inflation by executive order.   The current bill doesn't talk about the extent of the impact, which  is what this amendment seeks to remedy. This amendment requires that  statement to provide actual information on the extent of the impact  regarding the Consumer Price Index.   With that, Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer), chairman of the House Oversight  Committee.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining.    Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin), my  friend, talks about increased bureaucracy, the increased bureaucracy of  informing the American people.   My goodness. My goodness. I have never heard that from my friends on  the other side of the aisle, ``increased bureaucracy.'' I mean, all  they do around here is infuse more government into our lives with every  single thing they do.   The gentleman talks about the medical situation and price-fixing. He  doesn't call it price-fixing, but that is what it is. It is price- fixing. More bureaucracy taking more drugs off the market, more  lifesaving research off the market, but they are good with that.   They talk about 12 million new jobs, but don't talk about the fact  that in one of the reporting periods a million jobs were created but  then it was only months later we find out that only 10,000 were  created.   Oh, and that first report? Right before the election. Interesting how  that happened.   He doesn't want to talk about that or the workforce participation  rate. He talks about lowering inflation. You can talk about that all  you want to but people that pay for things don't experience it. So you  can say it is true, but the reality is that it is not true. All these  years he has been saying it is unnecessary to do this.   My goodness. My good friend from Maryland is a member of the  legislature. You would think he would want to preserve the power of the  legislature instead of handing it to the executive branch, which is  what this place has done for years upon years.   Now we have a chance, and my friend wants to hand yet more power to  the executive branch instead of preserving the power of the branch that  he serves in.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   