 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this week, the Senate is expected to  vote on legislation that would repeal the authorization for use of  military force in Iraq.   The bill before the Senate would repeal two separate authorizations-- one from 1991, which authorized U.S. intervention in Iraq, better known  as the Gulf war, to stop the dictator, Saddam Hussein, from invading  and terrorizing Kuwait. The second one passed in 2002 in response to  Saddam's persistent violations of the peace agreement that came out of  the Gulf war, including intelligence that he was pursuing weapons of  mass destruction.   In the decades since these authorizations passed, America's  relationship with Iraq has changed dramatically. Iraq has gone from a  hostile and unpredictable authoritarian government to become a  strategic partner with the United States. In recent years, our  countries have worked together to end the occupation of ISIS in Iraq.   In December of 2017, Iraq declared victory, though we have seen a  resurgence of some of those terrorists recently. Two years ago,  President Biden welcomed the Iraqi Prime Minister to the White House, a  friendship that would have been unimaginable 20 or 30 years ago.   Put simply, Iraq is a key partner in the Middle East. Our governments  and militaries cooperate to promote security and prosperity for the  Iraqi people. More broadly, we work together to counter Iran's malign  influence and continue to root out terrorism in the Middle East.   While there is still an American military presence in Iraq, it looks  dramatically different today than it did 10, 20, or 30 years ago.  Today, our soldiers serve solely in an advise and assist role. They are  there at the invitation of the Iraqi Government to support Iraqi troops  and military leaders as they defend their own security interests.   In short, American forces are no longer there to counter threats from  Iraq. We are now there to counter threats to Iraq. That includes  threats from Iran, the No. 1 state sponsor of international terrorism,  with its hired henchmen, terrorist groups, or other adversaries that  could disrupt peace and stability in Iraq.   Those who support repealing the Iraqi military authorizations point  to this evolution in our relationship as evidence that the AUMFs are no  longer needed. It has been 20 years since the U.S. invasion of Iraq,  and they say the  [[Page S947]]  authorizations are outdated. Our relationship is shifting, they argue,  so it is time for those AUMFs to go.   Unfortunately, it is not that simple. Despite the fact that Iraq is  now our partner, that doesn't mean it is time to abandon our security  interests in the region. America still has very real adversaries in the  Middle East who would do us and our allies harm if they got the chance.  Today, Iran-backed militias operate in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, and other  countries throughout the Middle East. They are proxies of the Iranian  military, with the goal of spreading Iranian political influence far  and wide.   This isn't just some warmonger conspiracy theory. There is clear and  absolute linkage between the Iranian regime and the militias operating  throughout the Middle East. They are, in effect, hired guns, which are  fighting to take territory that has been no-man's land since the  drawdown of U.S. forces in the Middle East. And in many cases, they  continue to target U.S. troops.   Just last Thursday, an Iranian drone targeted a U.S. facility in  Syria, killing an American contractor and wounding five American  servicemembers. The U.S. responded the following day by conducting an  airstrike against an Iran-backed militia in Syria. And then, within  hours, Iran's proxies launched another attack on a U.S. military base  in Syria.   Despite the fact that we know a great deal about these groups and  their capabilities and the threat they pose to the Middle East, we are  relatively limited in our efforts to counter their aggression.   Counterterrorism missions rely on the 2001 authorization for the use  of military force, which was passed in the wake of the terrorist  attacks on 9/11. Since many Iran-backed militia have not been  designated as terrorist organizations, the 2001 AUMF doesn't apply to  them. That means we can only use the 2002 AUMF to counter Iran-backed  militia and other groups that pose threats to the stability of Iraq and  to U.S. national security interests.   If we were to repeal the 2002 AUMF, we limit the President's ability  to target these groups. We, in effect, have withdrawn congressional  consent. That applies to President Biden today, and it would apply to  future commanders in chief as well. In effect, this would tie their  hands when it comes to countering threats posed by Iran and its  proxies.   To state the obvious, we can't dispose of any tools that could be  used to protect the United States or our partners.   Three Presidents have cited the 2002 AUMF as an authorization for the  use of military force. In 2003, President Bush used his authority to  justify the invasion of Iraq. In other words, this was with  congressional consent. In 2014, President Barack Obama cited the 2002  AUMF to justify strikes against Islamic state terrorists in Iraq and  Syria. Then, in 2020, former President Trump relied on this authority  to justify the strike that killed Iranian General Qasem Soleimani in  Baghdad.   Given the growing threats from Iran, it would be absurd to toss this  authorization out the window today. If Congress repeals the Iraqi war  authorizations, it prompts a lot of questions about what comes next.  Without the 2002 AUMF, the President would lose the ability to contain  Iran and its aggression. Iran's influence in the region would swell and  Iranian-backed militia would terrorize Syria and Iraq with impunity.  Iran would be free to focus on its maniacal desire to destroy Israel.  And without having to contend with the United States, it would be free  to spend even more money financing terrorist groups like Hamas and  Hezbollah.    Russian influence in Syria would grow, giving Putin a launch pad to  further project power into the Middle East. Our friends and allies, no  longer safe with America at their side, could succumb to coercive  partnerships with China, giving Xi Jinping another region in which to  compete with the United States for global primacy.   In short, passing this legislation would create a power vacuum in the  Middle East that could be filled by Iran, Russia, and China. We would  be ceding the region back to competition after working for years to  promote stability.   Of course, there are costs to maintaining our position in the Middle  East, but the cost-benefit analysis clearly shows that we have to leave  every authority in place to defend American and allied interests in the  Middle East.   Over the last few decades, as I said a moment ago, America's  relationship with Iraq has changed for the better. It is a valuable  partner. We work together to support security for Iraq and the region  as a whole. The U.S. military works with Iraqi forces to counter  threats from Iran and to reduce its influence in the region. These  authorizations for the use of military force are key to our continued  success.   It also means that we will continue to work with the executive  branch, rather than have the executive branch rely strictly on the  President's constitutional powers. They give the President of the  United States the flexibility needed to counter these threats and the  threats that they pose from Iran. We would be doing Iran a huge favor  by repealing these AUMFs.   Suffice it to say, I oppose the effort to repeal these Iraqi war  authorizations, and I encourage my colleagues in the Senate to join me  in that opposition.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   