 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last month, Iranian-backed Hamas  terrorists slaughtered over 30 Americans and 1,400 Israelis. These  depraved savages raped women, murdered children, and executed entire  families, burning some of them alive. The dead are still being  identified, and families are still grieving unbelievable heartbreak.   Yet, over the weekend, former President Barack Obama discovered  complexity and ambiguity where there is none in these attacks. He said  that we ``have to admit nobody's hands are clean, that all of us are  complicit to some degree.''   What Barack Obama said over the weekend might pass for profound at  cocktail parties on Martha's Vineyard or on podcasts with sycophantic  former staffers, but it is also delusional and morally obtuse. Put  simply, it is the confession of a guilty man attempting to implicate  others, because we are not all complicit with Hamas's massacre of Jews,  but Barack Obama sure is.   No American President did more to embolden and enrich Iran and its  terrorist proxies than Barack Obama. Indeed, his entire Middle East  policy was crafted to appease Iran. As President, he stayed quiet when  Iranian protesters took to the streets in the Green Revolution. He  sabotaged legislation in Congress sanctioning Iran. He cut and ran from  Iraq, knowing that Iran and its proxies would fill the power vacuum. He  refused to enforce a self-drawn redline and stood by as Syria  disintegrated into a ``geopolitical Chernobyl'' because Bashar al-Assad  is an Iranian puppet. He consistently undermined Benjamin Netanyahu-- Iran's chief nemesis in the region--and even refused to veto a United  Nations Security Council resolution condemning Israel. And, of course,  he negotiated the disastrous Iran nuclear deal, handing the ayatollahs  over $100 billion in sanctions relief. Barack Obama singlehandedly  saved the Iranian economy and harmed diplomatic relations with our  allies in Saudi Arabia and Israel. When he left office, the Middle East  was in flames, and Iran was on the march.   Tragically, Barack Obama's coterie of Iran appeasers, apologists, and  accomplices have returned to the White House. His understudy, Joe  Biden, is now President. The man who helped to secretly negotiate the  Iran nuclear deal, Jake Sullivan, is now National Security Advisor. His  Treasury Secretary, who served as a de facto investment banker for the  ayatollahs, is now Ambassador to Israel. Barack Obama's legacy is alive  and well in this administration, and it certainly shows.   Within days of taking office, the Biden administration removed the  Houthis--another Iranian proxy--from the list of terrorist  organizations without any concessions. And how did the Houthis reward  Joe Biden? By firing dozens of missiles and attack drones towards  Israel just days after Hamas's rampage.   In his first hundred days, the Biden administration announced that it  would send hundreds of millions of dollars to Iran's friends in Gaza,  Judea, and Samaria. They claimed it would foster peace and stability in  the region. How did that work out? The next month, Iranian-backed  militias launched 4,000 rockets into Israel.   Since taking office, Joe Biden has enriched the ayatollahs with over  $90 billion through his lax enforcement of oil sanctions and his  unfreezing of Iranian assets. Tehran has predictably used this Biden  bonus to strengthen its military and arm its proxies.   Just last year, Iran doubled the budget of the Revolutionary Guard  Corps--the shock troops of its terror regime--and it more than tripled  its support for Hamas's military brigades.   The very same month that Biden agreed to unfreeze $6 billion in  Iranian assets, the Revolutionary Guard Corps reportedly started to  assist with the planning of the October 7 attacks that killed, I say  again, over 30 Americans and more than 1,400 Israelis.   This is the nature of the regime that Barack Obama coddled for years.  It is the nature of the regime that has dispatched its proxies to  attack American servicemembers over 110 times since Joe Biden took  office. Let me say that again. Iran's proxies have attacked American  troops in positions in the Middle East over 110 times since Joe Biden  took office. What have Joe Biden and his gang of Obama acolytes done in  return? They fired a few missiles at empty proxy warehouses, merely  validating Iran's proxy strategy.   The ayatollahs are laughing at Joe Biden, just like they laughed at  Barack Obama.   Barack Obama is the last person who should pontificate on this issue.  The only thing we should hear from him is an admission that he was  wrong and an apology. Maybe he can include it in his upcoming fourth  memoir due out later this year.   My message to the former President is simple: Don't try to excuse  your own failures by blaming the rest of us. The people ``complicit''  in the attack on Israel are the terrorists who committed it, the  Iranian regime that funded it, and the Obama and Biden administrations  that appeased them. The responsibility for the events of October 7 rest  squarely on their shoulders and their shoulders alone.   I yield the floor.   