 Madam President, we heard a lot about Russia here. We  heard a lot about enabling and empowering Vladimir Putin, empowering  him financially.   I am here today to offer and support legislation that will defund  Vladimir Putin; that will take a billion dollars of U.S. money out of  his pocket. I am here today and rise in support of H.R. 1042. It  prohibits Russian uranium imports.   For years, Russia's state-owned nuclear monopoly has dumped  artificially cheap uranium into our American market. And as a result of  all of this, Russia and Putin have gained a commanding share of the  whole world's nuclear fuel supply chain.   Russia has driven America's nuclear fuel suppliers out of business-- completely out of business--and Russia has put Americans out of work.  That is what I am bringing here today because we are sending, roughly,  a billion dollars a year to Russia for uranium. We need to stop that.  We need to block it.   We are now at a point where the United States cannot even fuel our  own next generation of advanced nuclear reactors. If Congress doesn't  step in, these advanced reactors will have no other choice than to be  dependent on Russian uranium.   To make matters worse, we now know that Vladimir Putin is using  Russia's nuclear monopoly--to use that money to fund this brutal  invasion of Ukraine that we have just been discussing here on the  Senate floor. Russia's nuclear monopoly has also helped Putin evade  sanctions and provide equipment and materiels to Russia's military in  Ukraine.   None of this should surprise us. That is who Vladimir Putin is. He  has created--created--Russia's nuclear monopoly. We shouldn't be  shocked that he has turned it into his piggy bank and his toolkit for  his regime.   It is time the American people in this country stop funding Russia's  nuclear monopoly. We can do this, and we could do it right here today,  by ending Russian imports of uranium into the United States.   Ending Russian imports would provide certainty to America's nuclear  fuel suppliers--those suppliers that Russia cannot undermine again. We  cannot allow that to happen. It would also ensure that we are not  financing and continuing to finance Putin's war in Ukraine.   On Monday, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 1042 with  unanimous support. This bill would end imports of Russian uranium  within 90 days and, therefore, end this billion dollars a year of  American money going to fuel Russia's war machine.   H.R. 1042 is a companion to a bipartisan bill that I have introduced  along with my bipartisan cosponsor, Senator Manchin, as well as Senator  Risch--both of whom are on the floor right now.   The Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee unanimously passed  out our bill in May. It is a bill that we developed in collaboration  with America's nuclear industry and the Department of Energy and other  Agencies.    As I get ready to offer a unanimous consent request, I would yield to  Senator Risch for a brief statement.    Thank you, Senators.   Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 1042,  which was received from the House; further, that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    You do.   