 Mr. Chair, as the designee of Congresswoman Virginia  [[Page H1190]]  Foxx, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise to offer Dr. Foxx' amendment to prohibit censorship  while acting as an employee performing activities under taxpayer-funded  time. We want to prohibit censorship while you are acting as an agent  of the Federal Government using taxpayer dollars.   Public-sector unions already make liberal use of the so-called  official time policy--in my opinion, to the detriment of the American  people. That is not what this is about.   However, it is important to get a context here of how much time we  are talking about. Take the Department of the Treasury, which houses  the IRS. In fiscal year 2019--going back a few years--employees spent  nearly 350,000 hours receiving taxpayer funds while doing and  conducting union activities.   I know in our office, especially during the pandemic, we often had to  intervene with the IRS on behalf of our constituents who couldn't get  their refunds back and couldn't get answers. Yet, 350,000 hours were  used by these same people.   Mr. Chair, that is the equivalent of 40 years of time in 1 year  conducting union activities. Those are the 350,000 hours that the  employees at the IRS are not answering taxpayer inquiries.   Let's look at the Department of Veterans Affairs. VA employees spent  over 500,000 hours in 1 year wheeling and dealing for their own union  interests while our Nation's veterans stood in line. We have heard  about the waiting list and the backlog. I don't know, maybe we can do  something with that 500,000 hours, which is 57 years accumulated in 1  year.   We are not here to talk about these excesses. We are here to talk  about censorship being conducted while on official government time.  While I object to the entire practice, I hope even my colleagues who  support taxpayer-funded lobbying can agree that those employees should  be expressly prohibited from censoring the American people while on  official time. That is it.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, just to comment before I yield some time, if  the bill is redundant, if this isn't happening anyhow, then you  shouldn't be opposed because it will affect no one.   Regarding the 87,000 IRS agents, we are not talking about hiring  87,000 process workers to go through claims. We are talking about  87,000 agents to come to your home to investigate you. That is what we  oppose.   We want it to be done efficiently, and maybe if they weren't spending  so much time on themselves, they could spend time on the American  people.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer).    May I inquire of the time remaining, Mr. Chairman?    What is awesome, Mr. Chairman, is that finally we can  actually have amendments on the floor. We can have debate. Let's face  it, as my good friend, my colleague from New York says, he is  disappointed that his amendment or some amendment didn't make it  through. But for the entire time of Speaker Pelosi's last reign of  terror around here where we ran the place like an armed prison camp,  there were no amendments on the floor--not one.   The gentleman might not agree with the amendment, he might not agree  with the process, but at least the American people's voices are heard  because amendments are on the floor now, and we are debating them right  now.   This is a good amendment, it is required, and it should be required  because we can't have government officials censoring their citizens  while using taxpayer dollars to do it.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   