 Madam Speaker, for the past 2 years, every  State has become a border State, and each has felt the pressures of  illegal immigration. This past month, 10,000 migrants have illegally  entered our country per day.   A nation's borders mark the boundaries of its laws and sovereignty.  This violation of both our laws and our sovereignty must stop.   Representative Miller-Meeks and I brought forward H. Res. 461 because  it is necessary and urgent. Our resolution sends a clear and decisive  message that everyone in this Chamber and across the country must hear:  Congress will not tolerate officials at the State and local level using  taxpayer-funded schools and facilities to play cleanup for President  Biden and the Progressive left's broken border policies.   In my State of New York, our Governor offered up State-funded college  campuses to house illegal immigrants. In New York City, Mayor Adams  proposed repurposing public school gyms to house them.   During this last school year, 5,500 migrant students strained New  York City's public school resources. Time and time again, we are seeing  classrooms overflowing and understaffed and our school taxes ever  rising. This problem is not just in New York. It spans across each and  every community in our Union.   This resolution makes three distinct points. First, housing illegal  immigrants in our schools diverts critical resources away from  students.   Second, housing adult, unvetted, illegal immigrants in our public  schools poses a safety risk to our children.   Third, schools are not to be the sacrificial lamb for the failed  progressive policies of this administration.   Just last week, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  repeatedly justified the housing of illegal immigrants in public  schools, comparing it to the response to natural disasters like  hurricanes, earthquakes, and fires.     Just last week, my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle repeatedly justified the housing of illegal  immigrants in public schools, comparing it to the response to natural  disasters like hurricanes, earthquakes, and fires.   I couldn't agree more. The President's border policies are a  disaster, though man-made. I stand to put our children first. Vote to  support H. Res. 461.   