 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for  yielding. Madam Speaker, I especially thank the gentlewoman from  Missouri, Ann Wagner, for leading this effort for so many years.   I am so proud to rise in support of this bill that is about human  dignity; and, frankly, it is about common sense. The idea, Madam  Speaker, that if a baby is born alive outside the womb that that baby  in America could be killed and it be called abortion and not murder  defies logic. It defies humanity.   Over the years Kat Cammack has had a discharge petition to bring this  bill to the floor. So many others all across the country have asked  Congress to address this issue, and the first thing that people express  is shock.   They say: Wait a minute. If a baby is born outside the womb alive,  how could you then kill that baby and that be legal? How is that not  already murder?   I questioned how it wasn't myself, and yet in a number of States it  is legal, and it is happening today.   This is America. Madam Speaker, you see this in countries like China  and North Korea. There aren't many countries in the world that allow  this practice. The United States should not be one of those countries.   This is inhumane. This transcends the abortion debate. Before the  Dobbs decision, this bill still would have been constitutional to pass  because we are not talking about 20 weeks, we are talking about the  baby born alive outside the womb.   Yet, in America there are some States that allow that baby to be  killed and called abortion.   You can call it whatever you want, Madam Speaker. It should be  murder. It shouldn't be allowed, and this bill takes care of that.  Everybody should vote for this bill.   When you talk to people who identify as pro-choice, so many of them  are shocked that this is a legal process. Some, obviously, still want  it to continue, but we shouldn't. We should be better than that as a  country.   There is an amazing group called the Abortion Survivors Network. Ann  Wagner and I and so many of us have surely met with some of these  incredible people.   If you want to talk about a walking miracle, Madam Speaker, these are  people alive today in their twenties, thirties, and forties living  incredible lives who were the result of an abortion that wasn't  successful. They lived through it. Think of the special plan God has  for them that they survived an abortion, and they are alive today. They  are incredible people. Everybody in this country should reach out and  go meet them. It is a group, and you can look them up.  [[Page H184]]    Their stories are incredible.   Why should they be denied life?   We are a country of laws. We are a country of great rights. Of our  inalienable rights--life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness--the  first among those is life. Very few countries in the world allow this  to happen to someone if they are born alive.    So while they are shocked when people find out that it is legal, we  are the United States Congress, we can actually do something about it.   Thank God we have people who are willing to stand up for those  babies. I am not even talking about inside the womb. They are outside  the womb born alive. If someone takes their life after they are born  alive outside the womb, that should be murder.   We should be protecting those young babies. That is what this bill  does. It is a bill we should all be proud to support. It is a list that  the United States should want to take itself off of. We shouldn't want  to be associated with the very few countries that allow this barbaric  process to happen.   Let's pass this bill. Let's become an even more perfect Union.   