 Madam President, I come here to join my colleagues to  talk about the events of the past 10 or so days in Israel and the  horrible attacks.   I want to talk a little bit about two visits that I have made there  over the past year or so, the most recent one back in February. But I  want to start with holding our Members accountable here on Capitol  Hill.   This was posted on social media, and it reads like false statements  that we have seen from Hamas and other groups that want to foment hate  and death in the region. It reads like this: Israel just bombed the  Baptist Hospital building, killing 500 Palestinians--doctors, children,  patients--just like that.   That was within an hour or two of the bombing. Before we knew  anything, before any of us could have possibly had a secured briefing,  before we had gotten an assessment from the President of the United  States or any of our intelligence sources here, before we could go down  to the SCIF and actually understand the details, that statement was  made.   You would think that would come from a member of Hamas, but it came  from a Member of our Congress. If that Member of Congress wants to take  responsibility for the protest that we now see in Beirut--good on you,  in Jordan, in Amman, and in Egypt. This sort of leadership or failure  of leadership has no place on Capitol Hill.   Now I want to talk about why I think Hamas is evil and why Iran is a  part of this and why this is not surprising that the very details of  this attack took place.   Earlier this year, in February, I was in--well, let me back up. A  couple of years ago, I was in Israel, and we went down to the Gaza  Strip. We saw a tunnel head. We actually walked into a tunnel that was  discovered by the Israelis. We went to a Patriot battery or an armed  dome battery that every day is prepared to shoot down missiles because  that always happens. Before this attack, it happened almost on a daily  basis. I have literally been in Israel when I am having lunch, in  northern Israel--this was near the Golan Heights--and I am asking  somebody to pass a plate of food, and a bomb goes off. And the people  living in this kibbutz did not even miss a beat. Every day they have to  live with this stuff.   So now, down in Gaza, we see the tunnel system that is in Gaza. If  you go north to the Lebanese border, you will see an entire network of  tunnels that the Israelis identified just in time. It had been a  project, it was estimated to be, 10 years in the making, funded by  Iran. Hezbollah is in Lebanon. Hamas is down in the Gaza Strip. They  had developed these tunnel networks, and they were prepared to do the  same thing in northern Israel that we saw in southern Israel over the  past week and a half. They even want to design this to strike fear and  terror in the Israeli people. They want them to think--they want their  children to think that they are going to pop out of the ground and  kidnap them and kill their parents. This is a part of the terror that  they want the Israeli people to live with every single day.   The Iranians were absolutely responsible for funding Hamas to build  that tunnel network in northern Israel, and they do the same thing with  Hamas in southern Israel.   Ladies and gentlemen, first off, this has to end. Let us work with  facts. If Israel doesn't abide by the rules of war, then we should hold  them accountable. But what we are finding out now from additional  intelligence sources is that it does appear as though this was not an  Israeli strike; that it was probably a failed missile launch from  Hamas.   Well, let the facts lead where they may, but here is what I do know:  This congressional Member and others, before they can actually stand up  to the Palestinian people--who I believe the majority of whom are good  people who want to live free and live in democracy--they have to  recognize that Hamas is evil, every single one of them. From their  leadership down to their rank and files to the ones who flew the  ultralights in to the people who came out of the tunnels and murdered  over 1,200 people, they have to be held accountable. Their funder has  to be held accountable. Their strategists in Iran have to be held  accountable.   We in the United States have to stand by Israel and by freedom-loving  Palestinians and freedom-loving members of the Middle East, but we  cannot let this go. We cannot let this evil go unchecked.   We have to stand by Israel, and we have to make sure that we do  everything we can to educate the American people on the facts and  disabuse them of any notion that this congressional Member or anyone  else has any place in communicating that misinformation to the American  people and across the world. And the violence that can come from making  people believe that, they have to own.   