 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, seniors in America deserve to retire with dignity.  They have earned Social Security and Medicare benefits through a  lifetime of work. The seniors of today without pensions or generational  wealth depend upon their benefits. Yet, they are living in fear that  Republicans in this body will take away their healthcare and their  means to pay for housing or food.   The bills we are considering this week have nothing to do with  combating those fears. What they actually do is harm the health and  financial stability of Americans. They dirty our air, they worsen  student debt, and they increase the prison population.   My Republican colleagues cannot be serious. These priorities and bad  policies do nothing to meet the moment.   Madam Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to come to their  senses, and I urge them to stop playing games with our economy.  Instead, give the American people some certainty. Give our seniors some  certainty. Assure our seniors that you will not cut Social Security and  Medicare. It is one thing to say it on the news, and it is another  thing to do it in this Chamber.   Before Medicare, nearly half of older Americans had no health  insurance. Today, Medicare is often the only source of healthcare for  nearly all seniors. More than 66 million people rely on Social Security  to meet their basic needs in a country where most Americans, over 60  percent, can't afford an unexpected $400 bill tomorrow; that is  seniors, people with disabilities, children, and more than 8 million  veterans.    Republican proposals to sunset Social Security and Medicare would  cause panic and disruption for our seniors at a time when peace and  security are critical and well-deserved.   Let's spend our time this week finally considering Democrats'  legislation that guarantees seniors the retirement that they were  promised and that strengthens our healthcare. Our elders give us so  much: culture, wisdom, and tradition.   Madam Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues in this body to give  back to them and guarantee them what they have earned. Let's do even  more. Let's expand Medicare to cover dental, vision, and hearing  benefits.    Let's work together to get rid of surprise bills. Let's  end unaffordable prescription drug prices.   Madam Speaker, I urge Republicans in this Chamber to abandon the bad  bills that they are bringing to the floor and refocus on real solutions  that working families and our seniors deserve.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question.   