 Mr. President, every day, I hear from my constituents,  the people I represent in Texas--some of the 30 million people I have  the honor of representing--and they ask me why they aren't seeing more  solutions offered by the U.S. Congress to the problems that they  confront in their everyday lives.   Family budgets are being clobbered by inflation. People are spending  significantly more money just to get by on housing, groceries,  utilities, and other basic expenses. Inflation has remained at 5  percent or higher for each of the last 22 months. Of course, we have  seen it soar to the highest level in 40 years, but it consistently  outpaces wage growth, giving the average worker a pay cut, and folks-- too many of them--feel like they just can't catch a break.  [[Page S928]]    As if that weren't a big enough financial headache, some are now  questioning the stability of the U.S. banking system. In the last 2  weeks, two U.S. banks--big banks--have collapsed, and a group of major  banks has now launched a rescue mission to save another from meeting  the same fate. Texans are wondering: Are these isolated events or a  sign of worse things to come? The memories of the 2008 financial crisis  are fresh in many people's minds, and they are terrified that we will  soon find ourselves in familiar territory.   But families aren't just stressing about their finances; they are  also worried about their safety. The surge in violent crime that began  in 2020 hasn't let up. In many places, it is getting worse. Given the  wave of fentanyl overdoses, especially among teens, parents are  terrified that their child could become the next victim. They are  outraged that fentanyl and illegal drugs are flowing across the  southern border, and they want to know why more isn't being done to  stop it.   Of course, folks in Texas and across the country aren't just worried  about the illegal drugs that came across the border and took the lives  of 108,000 Americans last year. That is bad enough. They are also  worried about the flood of unchecked migration across the border. Over  the last couple of years, the Biden administration has broken nearly  every record in the books when it has come to border crossings. We have  seen a complete breakdown of law and order as thousands of migrants  cross the southern border each and every day. And, yes, my constituents  are baffled when they read news stories that say that some of the  migrants will have to wait 10 years before they can even begin  immigration court proceedings. With all of these problems, folks are  trying to understand, how did we get here, but, more importantly, they  want to know what are our leaders doing about it.    Across the country, each and every day our constituents are asking  for answers, and they want to see some action. Every day, I get phone  calls from folks back home or people who write to me about these  problems, whether it is inflation or crime or drugs or the border  crisis or one of many other topics.   They ask me: When will the U.S. Senate take action? Unfortunately, I  can't offer them much reassurance based upon the Democratic-led  Senate's track record so far this Congress.   No doubt about it, the majority gets to control the agenda here in  the Senate, whether it is at the committee level or here on the floor.  As a Member of the minority, there is not anything I can do under the  Senate rules to force the majority leader to take action on a  particular topic or to insist that a chairman of a committee that has  jurisdiction actually mark up legislation or hold hearings.   So, clearly, Democrats control the Senate. Their leadership continues  to put all of these important and pressing issues on the back burner.   Just look at what the Senate has done or, rather, look at what it has  not done since the beginning of this year. The Senate confirmed several  Federal judges and a handful of other nominees in the last 4 weeks. We  overturned a dangerous DC crime bill, which would have softened  penalties for criminals and endangered the lives of residents and  visitors to our Nation's Capital. We nullified a Department of Labor  rule that encouraged fiduciaries to support woke policies at the  expense of Americans' retirement accounts and pensions. That is the end  of the list.   Those are the only items the Democratic-controlled Senate has passed  in the last 4 weeks--nothing to address the border crisis, nothing to  combat inflation, nothing to stem violence, nothing to deal with the  drugs that are taking the lives of our sons and daughters all across  America.   The irony is, the two resolutions that did pass were Republican  priorities. These weren't even things that our Democratic colleagues  initiated. We were able, under the Senate rules, to force action,  fortunately, on those. But we have seen in one case that the President  has already vetoed one of those congressional review actions. Senator  Hagerty from Tennessee led the effort to overturn the dangerous DC  crime bill. Senator Braun from Indiana pushed to stop the  administration from gambling away Americans' retirement savings.   If you look at every vote the Senate has taken since the start of  this Congress, you won't find much more--lots of nominations, a  resolution designating January as National Trafficking and Modern  Slavery Prevention Month, which rightfully passed unanimously, but that  is about it. That is what the American people have gotten from this  Democratic majority in the Senate.   To be fair, it appears the Senate will soon vote on a bill to repeal  the authorization for use of military force in Iraq. We took that  procedural vote on this legislation last Thursday, which marked the  first time this Chamber voted to even consider a standard piece of  legislation this Congress--the first time. We voted on many nominations  and a few resolutions, but that was the first true piece of  legislation. It took 2\1/2\ months for our Democratic colleagues to put  a bill on the floor--2\1/2\ months.   At the start of the 116th Congress, Republicans held the majority in  the Senate. Members were sworn in on January 3, a Thursday. The  following Tuesday, the Senate voted on a bill related to U.S. policy in  the Middle East--sworn in on Thursday; Tuesday we were voting on  substantive legislation. That is what leadership looks like: Identify  your priorities; hold hearings; build consensus; put bills on the  floor; and let Members do what they came here to do, which is to  legislate, which is to address the priorities of the American people,  which are being ignored by this Democrat-led Senate.   When voters put your party in charge, you are expected to lead, but  that is not what we are seeing. As we witnessed over the past 2 years,  our friends across the aisle haven't used their majority to address the  problems facing American families. They have simply been missing in  action.   While inflation, crime, and the border crisis were raging, our  Democratic colleagues who controlled the Senate agenda, the House, and  the White House for the last 2 years had the power to pass just about  any bill they wanted to address these priorities of the American  people, but here is what the American people got instead: $2.6 trillion  in partisan spending bills, tax increases, handouts for labor unions,  subsidies for wealthy people to buy electric vehicles, and nothing to  address the concerns of working families.   Now that the Republicans hold the majority in the House, the era of  one-party rule has come to an end, which is, frankly, great news. This  new chapter of divided government requires Republicans and Democrats to  work together. Unfortunately, we can't make any progress in the Senate  or in the Congress unless the majority leader allows us to take up,  amend, and to vote on legislation--legislation that addresses the  priorities of our constituents, the people we represent.   I hope this sluggish pace, this snail's pace, will change. At some  point in the coming months, Congress will need to address the debt  ceiling. Given the current status of inflation and the instability of  the banking system, defaulting on our debts is the last thing we need  to do.   Given the current state of our fiscal house, it is also critical that  we pass regular appropriations bills on time and through regular order  in a transparent and open manner, unlike the bill the majority leader  put on the floor last December, an omnibus appropriations bill which  was the only way to fund the Federal Government because he would not  allow the Senate to do its work in a transparent and orderly sort of  way. So Members of the Senate had two choices: vote yes or vote no and  shut down the government.    We also need to pass an annual defense authorization bill--something  we have done for more than the last 60 years in each year--to make sure  that our military leaders have the certainty they need to address the  threats of today and prepare for the threats of tomorrow. I don't  recall a more dangerous time for our country and for the world than we  currently are living in; certainly, not in my time in the Senate,  probably not since World War II, where you have a major power--the  Russian Federation--invade a sovereign neighbor, as the Russians did in  Ukraine; you have North Korea shooting off long-range missiles with  nuclear weapons' capability; you have  [[Page S929]]  Iran seeking to build a bomb; and then you have China threatening to  invade a neighbor in Taiwan. So we need to pass that Defense  authorization bill.   The Federal Aviation Administration needs to be reauthorized by the  end of September; hopefully, addressing some of the near misses we have  seen in some of the air traffic recently. My friend Senator Cruz from  Texas is leading these efforts on our side of the aisle.   We also need to reauthorize the tools that we need--namely, section  702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act--to know what our  enemies are doing, to prepare for those, and to deploy countermeasures.   We need to take action to address the humanitarian and security  crisis at the southern border, to bring down drug prices for consumers,  and to unleash the power of American energy.   We have seen what happened when Europe was dependent almost entirely  on Russian oil and gas and then when Putin weaponized that dependency,  what that meant to the countries of Europe as they scrambled for  alternative sources of energy. The United States, as an energy  producer, is part of the answer to that energy security problem, but we  can't solve that problem, we can't continue to provide good, well- paying jobs for people who work in that industry, unless the government  is willing to get out of the way and take its boot off the neck of the  producers.   There is a lot of work that needs to be done, and I know the  Presiding Officer wants to be part of that solution. We need more  people in this Chamber, in this city, in this country who want to be  part of solving these problems, but we can't do it until the majority  leader who controls the Senate is willing to put bills on the floor  that actually address the priorities and concerns of the people we  represent. I hope he will give us that chance.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   