 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   This is America's subway. This is America's Metro. Millions of people  from throughout this country come here and enjoy Metro's convenience  while seeing the Federal Government, seeing their National Capital, and  visiting all of us. That is why this is important to Congress, because  it is America's subway. That is why, very frankly, Bill Lehman, many  years ago, referred to it as America's subway and why the Federal  Government would invest in its operations.   I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. Obviously, a lot of  people from my district ride Metro and come to work for the Federal  Government, and thousands of Federal employees rely on it to get to  their work serving the American people.   Metro is especially crucial now when many of the Federal workers are  returning to the office after the pandemic, which I heard in the Rules  Committee we want them to do. I agree with that. Indeed, in just the  last 2 months, Federal employee ridership has reached its highest point  since the pandemic began.   This is not just a local subway. This is the subway that all of our  constituents use when they come to our city, the city of our Nation.   We depend on Metro and Metro depends on us. That is why Congress  pledged to invest $150 million in Metro capital improvements through  the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and why over the years we have  invested in Metro's operations and well-being.   We need to honor that historic commitment. This amendment would break  that promise. This money is--I am sure one of my colleagues or maybe  all of my colleagues have told--matched many times over, as you would  expect, by the local governments, all the local governments, and  Washington D.C., as I am sure its Representative, who does such an  extraordinary job, Eleanor Holmes Norton, pointed out.   I understand the author of this amendment wants to cut spending in  many, many places. This is one that he has chosen, but I think it is a  bad choice. I think that every Republican and every Democrat who  invites his constituents or her constituents to come to Washington, who  invites their employees to be here on time and for many hours of the  day and night, to consider strongly opposing this amendment with an  overwhelming vote, a bipartisan vote, because Metro has been a  bipartisan effort.   I have worked on Metro since I came here with Frank Wolf. Frank Wolf  was a Republican from Virginia. We were essentially joined at the hip  in fighting for Metro, not as a Republican Metro or Democratic Metro,  but for the Nation's Metro.   Reject this amendment. Keep our word and our investment in the subway  that serves all of our citizens.   