 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R.  4365, which would provide $15 million in funding for a plant-based or  psychedelic clinical trial authorized in the House version of the  fiscal year 2024 NDAA.   Mr. Chairman, I can personally attest to the benefits in treating  post-traumatic stress, traumatic brain injury, and chronic traumatic  encephalopathy through the use of psychedelic substances. There is a  stigma that exists within this body that I believe stems from a lack of  education and experience around the clinical use of plant-based or  psychedelic medications.   I understand that when many of my colleagues hear the word  psychedelics they think of mushrooms and so on. This isn't what we are  talking about today. Unfortunately, the stigma has led to the slow or  no adoption of medical procedures that may have saved countless lives  of our servicemembers, veterans, and first responders.   Mr. Chairman, it is our duty to explore all options when the lives of  our Nation's most precious resources, our sons and daughters, mothers  and fathers, brothers and sisters are at stake.   Mr. Chair, I urge the adoption of my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman and I appreciate  that as a veteran.   I hold degrees in psychology and applied cognizant neuroscience. I  have spent the better part of a decade studying our servicemembers,  Active-Duty members, veterans, and first responders in the space of  cognitive disability and decline.   We lose 22-plus a day in the veterans' space. We lose members in the  active-service space as well, daily. I have traveled the country  studying the aggressive nature of treatments in spaces like our  cognitive decline, like selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and  other modalities.   The numbers that we are seeing are not decreasing, they are  increasing. As we transition out of these wars that we fought for so  many years, we have to do something more aggressive.   I say clinical studies and clinical trials inside the DOD because it  is applicable and it is appropriate. We have some of the most brilliant  researchers on the planet that can study this and move this effectively  so we can treat the men and women that serve our country.   These medications have short-term--no long-term residual side  effects--short-term, if anything. The effects are groundbreaking. We  are at a preface. I hate the fact that the word psychedelic scares  everybody. I hate that word myself. When I try to think of a creative  term to title this, it always cycles back to the word psychedelics, and  that is unfortunate, it is. We have to look past that.   I have never done a drug in my entire life. As a matter of fact, I  would tell no one to do this because the aggressiveness of it is so  life-changing, but it is effective. That is why I continue to push  forward, and I think it is time and its effectiveness needs to be  implemented now.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   