 Mr. Chair, I thank my good friend for  yielding.   Mr. Chair, the State-Foreign Operations bill under consideration  today continues and strengthens the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS  Relief, PEPFAR, for another year, fiscal year 2024, ensuring that  critically needed medicines, including antiretrovirals, or ARVs, and  other lifesaving interventions are available to those who need them in  Africa and elsewhere.   Mr. Chair, I especially thank Chairman Mario Diaz-Balart and the  Committee on Appropriations for insisting that the noble purpose of  PEPFAR is not compromised or undercut by integrating and merging other  agendas, including and especially the promotion of abortion by  massively funding pro-abortion foreign nongovernmental organizations  and instructing them to repeal pro-life laws.    To that end, the new State Department bill reinstates the protecting  life and global health assistance policy, also known as the Mexico City  policy.   Sadly, upon assuming office, President Biden repealed Ronald Reagan's  old Mexico City policy, which ensured that PEPFAR's over $6 billion a  year in taxpayer grant money wasn't subsidizing foreign NGOs that  perform or promote abortion. Biden's PEPFAR Core Program--and this  needs to be underscored because some people say they are not doing it-- says they promote protecting sexual reproductive health and rights,  including the ongoing rescission of the Mexico City policy.   The executive director of UNAIDS, a prime PEPFAR partner composed of  WHO, UNFPA, and other U.N. agencies, welcomed Biden's repeal of the  pro-life policy, saying that it showed his commitment to abortion  rights.   Mr. Chair, a June 6th letter signed by 131 African lawmakers and  religious leaders, including the speaker of the Parliament of Ghana,  implored Congress not to--I say again, not to--exploit PEPFAR to  promote abortion, stating: ``We want to express our concerns and  suspicions that this funding is supporting . . . abortion,'' which  ``violates our core beliefs concerning life, family, and religion.''   Most of the African countries are solidly pro-life, and they are  under siege by the NGOs that we are supporting. The Mexico City policy  helps to ensure that that doesn't happen.   They went on to say: ``We ask that PEPFAR remain true to its original  mission and respect our norms, traditions, and values. We ask that  those partner organizations with whom the U.S. Government partners to  implement PEPFAR programs . . . are cognizant and respectful of our  beliefs and not cross over into promoting divisive ideas and practices  that are not consistent with those of Africa.''   Last year, showing no doubt of the pro-abortion goals of this  administration, they announced a sweeping new radical policy known as  Reimagining PEPFAR's Strategic Decision. They said that it integrates  sexual reproductive health and rights. Of course, that means abortion  with HIV/AIDS work.  [[Page H4722]]    Mr. Chair, in a recent op-ed, former Speaker Newt Gingrich wrote:  ``It is incredibly disappointing, but not surprising, that the Biden  administration has hijacked one of President George W. Bush's greatest  accomplishments, the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, to  promote apportion on demand in the developing world.''   He continued: ``President Biden's insincere and demonstrably false  claim that PEPFAR isn't pushing abortion on demand in Africa and  elsewhere collapses under any serious scrutiny of its partners.''   They say they are not doing it. They are empowering the NGOs to do  it. Just like in this Chamber, the House and Senate, and all over this  country, we know it is the NGOs, Planned Parenthood and others, that  tee up and promote very aggressively for abortion right up until the  moment of birth.   Mr. Chair, I strongly supported PEPFAR when it was created in 2003,  and I was the sponsor of the reauthorization of PEPFAR in 2018.  Regrettably, it has been reimagined, hijacked by the Biden  administration to empower pro-abortion international NGOs, deviating  from its life-affirming work.   It is time we got back to the original noble idea, for which there is  a strong bipartisan, bicameral consensus. That noble goal is to prevent  this devastating disease, robustly treat and assist those who have been  affected, and ultimately end HIV/AIDS around the world, not supporting  abortion, the killing of unborn children by dismemberment, chemical  poisoning.   Do you know what the abortion pill does? It starves the baby to  death. That is its operation. They are trying to disseminate that all  over Africa.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this  amendment. I associate myself with the remarks of my distinguished  chairman.   I have been on the Helsinki Commission, serving on it since 1982. It  is a remarkable Commission. We get political prisoners out of prison.  We did it during Soviet times. I worked with Steny Hoyer, when he was  chair and I was ranking and also when I was chair and he was ranking  member.   It is truly a bipartisan Commission that promotes democracy, human  rights, and as my good friend mentioned a moment ago, we also combat  horrible things like human trafficking. I am the special rep for human  trafficking, and we are making a difference, so please vote ``no'' on  this amendment.   