 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the nomination of Julie Su  for U.S. Labor Secretary.   I have always been told that you can get some idea of a person's  future judgment and skill based on their past judgments and skill.   Ms. Su has a history that is very instructive. It was her tenure as  the secretary of the Labor and Workforce Development Agency of  California that put the Golden State on a fast track to bankruptcy and  economic collapse.   Because of Julie Su's leadership, hundreds of business headquarters  have fled the State. Between 2020 and 2022, over one-half million  Californians left the State for greener pastures.   Mr. Speaker, as a California executive, the primary responsibility in  representing your State should be growing it, not expelling your  citizens.    Ms. Su's reign has shown a failure in both judgment and skills. Under  her watch, over $31 billion of California COVID funds were delivered to  the bank accounts of fraudsters. At the same time, delays and red tape  plagued legitimate COVID relief claims for those who desperately needed  it.   Caving to the demands of union bosses, Ms. Su has been and will  continue to be totally tone-deaf to businessowners. She will never  understand Americans who build our Nation's tax base; who power our  middle class; who pay her salary; and who, through robust employment,  are the source for union dues. She literally turned her back on the  goose that laid the golden egg--California's risk-taking  businessowners.   At the behest of the union bosses, she instead launched an all-out  assault on independent contractors critical to the success of the gig  economy.   At every government post Ms. Su has been appointed to, she has  prioritized non-revenue producers: the union bosses and unelected  bureaucrats. Her priority has always been those who empty the  government coffers instead of the small business owners who, through  work, risk, expansion, and paying taxes, replenish them.   After forcing Californians who can afford to leave to move out, the  Democratic-controlled legislature then figured a way to tax departing  citizens several years after the taxpayer's departure. It is sad that  wisdom and creativity weren't used at the front end to keep them from  leaving the State.   Unsurprisingly, the Biden administration plans to continue its  disastrous antigrowth and antibusiness policies under the leadership of  Ms. Su.   American families and the workforce are hurting from 40-year record  inflation, supply chain disruptions, and high energy prices. Ms. Su is  not the right person to tackle America's pressing economic challenges.   Mr. Speaker, I call on the White House to withdraw Julie Su from the  confirmation process for Secretary of Labor and prioritize American  families, the workforce, and economic growth.   