 Mr. Speaker, my dad died 5 years ago. I think one of the  most precious moments I remember with him as a child is going with him  to vote back in the late 1960s, early 1970s, when the polling stations  had the  [[Page H726]]  boxes you would go in and the curtains would close and you would go in  and pull a lever.   My dad wanted to make sure that we all knew, me and my three  brothers, just how important voting was. It is not only our right; it  is our responsibility as U.S. citizens.   Today, I rise in support of the rule, House Resolution 24. Free,  fair, and trusted elections are the most sacred and the most essential  part of our democracy for a healthy republic.   Unfortunately, the D.C. Council has tried to undermine the voice of  American citizens who vote in D.C. by granting illegal aliens the right  to vote. This is wrong. We know it is wrong. It jeopardizes the  sanctity of our elections. Law-abiding U.S. citizens should not be  disenfranchised by noncitizens voting.   Preserving the integrity of our elections could not be more  important. We must trust the vote. We must protect the vote. We must  ensure the highest level of confidence for all Americans.   If the D.C. Council allows illegal voters to exercise the right to  vote, this would have massive affects across our Nation.   Where would it end?   Our Constitution has set forth the founding law which determines  voting rights, and it could not be more clear. The 26th Amendment of  the U.S. Constitution says: ``The right of citizens of the United  States, who are 18 years of age or older, to vote shall not be denied  or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of age.''   The Constitution is clear, Mr. Speaker. The right to vote is a  privilege reserved for U.S. citizens, not illegal aliens.   Let me continue to section 2: ``The Congress shall have power to  enforce this article by appropriate legislation.'' That is what we are  here today to do, with appropriate legislation, this resolution.   The right to vote is one of the most sacred rights we have. It is a  bedrock of our society. It is a fundamental part of what we are as a  Nation. We cannot throw this right away to the D.C. Council. We will  not let it happen.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this resolution and join my  colleagues to take a stand to protect the integrity of our elections,  the right of every U.S. citizen, including my late father.   