 Mr. President, I am honored to be here today to speak  in tribute to the late Lowell Weicker, a U.S. Senator from Connecticut  and Governor from my State--a giant in Connecticut politics but on the  national scene as well. He, sadly, passed away.   I will be introducing a resolution, with my colleague Senator Murphy,  honoring him for his service to our country, and I hope that it will be  enacted overwhelmingly--in fact, unanimously--by the Senate shortly.   The most common thing said about Lowell Weicker after his passing was  that he was larger than life. Certainly, he was a big man in stature.  He was tall, strong, forceful, and remarkable in his physical presence.  He was larger than life in his fearless and relentless championing of  what he believed was right and in serving people. He might have been a  big man physically, but he cared about everyone. No matter how small  they might be in power or wealth, everyone deserved a champion, in  Lowell Weicker's view.   He had a long history of service to this country. He began in the  U.S. Army in 1953, and he served through 1955, reaching the rank of  first lieutenant. He went on to serve in the town of Greenwich, where I  live, as the first selectman and then represented Connecticut as a  Member of the House of Representatives and then for three terms as a  U.S. Senator.   He is probably best known here for standing up to the President of  his own party, Richard Nixon. During Watergate, he had the political  courage and fortitude to say no to corruption and to persevere against  attacks within his own party as he insisted, as a matter of conscience  and conviction, that a President who violated the law should be held  accountable. He was the first Republican Senator to call for the  resignation of Richard Nixon as President. It was an act of political  bravery and, more importantly, a dedication to public service and the  rule of law. It was a message to the American people that nobody is  above the law and that nobody can defy the Constitution of this great  country, not even the President.   Although we talk a lot about it now, in his day, for him to take that  position and call for the resignation of a President of his own party  was also an act of potential political destruction. It was very much  against his self-interest, but he stood strong, he persevered, and  history has vindicated him. Beyond vindication, it has honored him for  that courage.   He was also a champion of many other causes and people. Throughout  his tenure, he was a strong advocate for the Americans with  Disabilities Act, which prohibits discrimination based on disabilities  in everyday activities. One example is his standing for new laws that  protected people. He was a champion of public health, of preventing  cuts in funding for the National Institutes of Health, of supporting  scientific medical research efforts, of securing funding for AIDS and  HIV treatment.   After he left the Senate under circumstances that might have  discouraged a lot of people from remaining in public service, he came  back--and it was one of his finest hours--as Governor of the State of  Connecticut.   I was sworn in as attorney general of our State on the same day that  he became Governor, and we served together for 4 years. We had what  could be called a close working relationship, not always totally  amicable or not always in agreement, but I knew about Lowell Weicker  that what he told me was what he believed. I returned that approach,  and he respected me for it even when we disagreed. He understood that  the attorney general of the State, at  [[Page S3514]]  least in Connecticut, was not the Governor's lawyer; he was the  people's lawyer. He is elected separately, and he has to do what he  thinks is right.   For me, it was always the ultimate tribute to his belief in the rule  of law that he respected the attorney general of Connecticut for  whatever legal opinion I would give, whatever litigation I would bring,  or whatever positions I would take based on the law. And he was, again,  a champion of social services to the people who needed them, of  education, of the kind of fairness in our criminal justice system that  distinguishes us in our respect for legal rights.   He is probably best known for securing passage of a State income tax.  It was incredibly unpopular. Everybody in our State who was around at  the time will remember well how he refused to go around the back way to  exit the capitol, even though there was an angry crowd, even though  they were going to deluge him with invectives and worse. But he was  going out to face that crowd, to confront them, to speak with them, to  listen to them.   He was responsible for enabling the State of Connecticut to retain  those essential services that people needed because he cared, and he  listened.   He also signed a ban on assault weapons, the first time in  Connecticut's history. We now have had one since then. I defended it in  court when it was challenged on constitutional grounds. I tried the  case in a Litchfield County courthouse, a 10-day trial with evidence. I  tried it myself because I thought it was so important. We won, and then  I argued it when the outcome was appealed. And we won again in the  State supreme court. Nobody was happier in the State of Connecticut  with that result when our ban on assault weapons was upheld in the  1990s.   He was a model of courage for me, a role model in standing up,  speaking out for conviction and conscience, even when others disagreed,  especially when others disagreed.   He did immense good for Connecticut. He left a legacy that is lasting  and large that will inspire people for decades and generations to come.   I extend my deepest condolences to his wife Claudia, all of his  children--a number of them good friends of mine--and to his  grandchildren and great-grandchildren.   I hope my colleagues will join me unanimously in honoring Lowell  Weicker, U.S. Senator, Governor of our State.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   