 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise to offer my amendment No. 45 to  H.R. 4394, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies  Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2024.  [[Page H5133]]    My amendment No. 45 prevents the Army Corps of Engineers from closing  campgrounds around Lake Lanier. My amendment will ensure that these  campgrounds are open for my constituents and for people all over the  country to enjoy the outdoors of Georgia's Sixth District.   Lake Lanier is the most visited lake of the 464 federally operated  lakes in the United States, with well over 10 million visitors from all  over the country annually. The Army Corps of Engineers runs the lake  and the campgrounds and parks surrounding it.   Over the past summer, the Corps suggested they close some of the  campgrounds around the lake citing the lack of appropriations and need  for maintenance. Congress provided $8.31 billion in annual  appropriations for 2023, which was 26 percent above the fiscal year  2023 Presidential budget request. Frankly, the Corps seems to have not  properly budgeted.   This is Big Government at its finest, wasteful, always asking for  more, and never trying to save or be more efficient. The Army Corps  must do better by focusing on the needs of the community where it  operates. The more control locally, the better.   The families of Georgia's Sixth, as well as all those who seek to  visit Lake Lanier, should not have to bear the consequences of  mismanagement of funds. These campgrounds must remain open.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I am glad it is agreed that this is a  problem nationwide. I am focused on my district, however. I think I am  the representation for my district.   I think, in fiscal year 2023, the operations and management budget  for the Army Corps was 11 percent more than the previous year, at $5.08  billion instead of $4.57 billion, which makes our case that there is no  reason to use these funds to close the most popular destination for  people from all over to come to our lake in our district.   Therefore, Madam Chair, I now, more than ever, think it is important  to protect our outdoors. Keep the campgrounds around Lake Lanier open  and accessible to the public.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   