 Mr. President, earlier this week, the Secretary of the  Department of Homeland Security testified before the Senate Judiciary  Committee.   Under Secretary Mayorkas's leadership over these last 2 years, we  have seen more than 4.8 million migrants encountered at the southern  border. We have seen deadly drugs pouring into our country, killing  more than 108,000 Americans in a single year. There is no question but  that the transnational criminal organizations, known as the cartels,  are fueling the chaos and the destruction.   When Attorney General Merrick Garland testified before the Judiciary  Committee just a few weeks earlier, I brought up the role that the  cartels were playing in this ongoing crisis. I asked the Attorney  General if he was familiar with the business model of the cartels:  Flood the border with migrants, overwhelm law enforcement, and then  allow the movement of the illegal drugs across the border and into the  interior of the United States.   Attorney General Garland said, yes, he was aware--not only that, he  highlighted actions that he had taken at the Department of Justice to  crack down on these operations.   Earlier this week, when I posed the same question to Secretary  Mayorkas--I asked if he was familiar with this tried-and-true strategy  of the cartels, and he was clueless. He said: I am not aware of any  such strategy.   I don't know how that could possibly be true. This is a well-known  tactic that has been used throughout Secretary Mayorkas's tenure. One  of the most notable examples was in 2021 when the small town of Del  Rio, TX, all of a sudden was flooded with 15,000 migrants from Haiti.  Thirty-five thousand people live in that small town, and they were  overwhelmed by the huge volume of people from--I know it is hard to  imagine but from Haiti.   To state the obvious, the Del Rio Border Patrol Sector doesn't have  the capacity to process or care for that many individuals at one time.  In an attempt to help, the administration moved agents from other  checkpoints to the sector where the surge was happening. But, after  all, that is exactly what the cartels had hoped for. As there was a  surge of agents to Del Rio, that left other portions of the border  unprotected.   Administration officials later told congressional staff that this  massive surge of migrants was a coordinated effort by the cartels. They  directed Haitian migrants to a single location so that other areas  would be left uncovered and clear a path for their illicit trade.   Officials from the Biden administration admitted that this surge was  coordinated by the cartels, but yet the Secretary of Homeland Security  is unaware? How could that possibly be? Secretary Mayorkas is either  trying to deceive the Senate or he is completely unaware of the reality  on the ground. I think both of those are fireable offenses. Either you  are lying or you are completely oblivious to the threat to public  safety posed by the current crisis, which is singularly of the making  of the Biden administration and their unwillingness to use the tools  they have, the laws that are already on the books, in order to deal  with this crisis, this humanitarian crisis and this public health  crisis.   Every day, the United States is getting played, and criminal  organizations whose illegal businesses are making them a lot of money  are getting richer. These groups are what I like to call commodity- agnostic because they deal in any product or service that makes them  money. They really don't care. They certainly don't care about the  migrants, who are frequently abused and many of whom unfortunately are  left to die on that long and dangerous journey from their home.   We are well aware of their drug trafficking operations, which bring  all sorts of illegal drugs into the United States. Over the years, law  enforcement has interdicted everything from marijuana to  methamphetamine to cocaine and heroin, but recently, we have seen an  alarming rise in fentanyl.   When I was in Mexico City just a couple of weeks ago visiting with  the Drug Enforcement Administration, they said fentanyl is made from  chemicals that are imported from China to Mexico, where the cartels  simply mix them up and then put them through an industrial-size pill  press and make them look like regular prescription drugs, although  these are laced with  [[Page S1076]]  fentanyl--a deadly drug in very, very small amounts.   We know a lot of communities throughout Texas and throughout the  country have experienced waves of deaths caused by unintentional  fentanyl poisoning. In other words, the person taking the pill--usually  a teenager--thinks they are taking something innocuous that won't kill  them certainly. They may think they are taking anything from a  painkiller or other sorts of prescription drugs, and then they  unknowingly ingest a lethal dose of fentanyl. Of course, the cartels  continue to get rich, and the destruction caused by these overdoses and  drug abuse continues.   We know that these cartels, again, are commodity-agnostic. They don't  just traffic in drugs; they also prey on vulnerable people who want to  come to the United States. They spin a web of lies and false promises  to convince migrants to make the journey to our border under their  care, but, like all the other things the cartel deals in, it comes at a  price.   There are a lot of factors that determine how much it costs somebody  to make their way to our front doorstep on our southern border.  Typically, it is thousands of dollars a head, but really it just  depends on where you are coming from.   Recently, in Yuma, AZ, a sleepy agricultural community, the Border  Patrol Chief welcomed a bipartisan delegation of Senators there and  said: We have encountered people who speak 200 languages from 176  countries in this sleepy little ag community.   Senator Mark Kelly from Arizona said: Well, in all likelihood, people  are flying into Mexicali--which is a city in northern Mexico--and then  simply calling an Uber and making their way to the border and then  claiming asylum, only to be released by the Biden administration into  the interior of the country.   Those are the lucky ones. Those who turn themselves over to the  coyotes, the human smugglers, frequently end up dead. We all remember  last June when a tractor trailer rig smuggled migrants in San Antonio.  It was found abandoned in sweltering conditions. Fifty-three people  died, trapped in the back of that truck.   Those who survive often arrive malnourished or abused. Many women and  men are injured or otherwise abused. Many women and girls are raped  along the way. Some arrive pregnant.   As we know, the customers of these criminal organizations aren't  limited to Mexican or Central American citizens; these are  international criminal networks. Consistent with what the Yuma Border  Patrol Chief told us, last year, Customs and Border Protection  encountered migrants from 174 countries. People from every corner of  the globe are traveling to Mexico and crossing the U.S. southern  border, all in the tender care of these transnational criminal  organizations.    Of course, given the nature of this business, it is tough to estimate  just how much the cartels are making from their human smuggling  operations, but last year, Homeland Security investigations estimated  that the cartels were making roughly $13 billion a year just from  migrant smuggling alone.   There is no question that their success is built on a breakdown of  enforcement by the Biden administration. If our border was truly  secure, if people knew they would not be able to just enter our country  willy-nilly but had to follow legal pathways, the cartels wouldn't be  able to flood the zone with migrants to clear the way for their  smuggling operations.   Unfortunately, instead of making the cartels' jobs harder, the Biden  administration's policy of open borders just keeps making it easier.  Rather than secure the border and enforce our laws, the Biden  administration continues to send a message loud and clear that our  border is open for anyone to come across.   For more than 2 years, the administration has refused to enforce the  law, ensuring that the cartels' illicit gateways remain wide open. They  have released hundreds of thousands of migrants into the United States,  some of whom will wait as long as 10 years before they can even begin  the immigration court process--talk about a major pull factor. If  someone is on the fence about making the dangerous journey to the  United States but sees that virtually anybody who shows up is able to  stay in the United States for a decade at least even before facing an  immigration judge, their decision to come is far easier.   As though the cartels don't have enough business already, they are  about to be given the gift of a lifetime when title 42 ends in 6 weeks  on May 11. Title 42, of course, is a public health law which has given  the Border Patrol one tool to deter and to return migrants out of the  country. It has given the Department of Homeland Security the ability  to quickly expel migrants and prevent our border facilities and local  communities from becoming even more overwhelmed than they already are.  But once it disappears in May, the floodgates will be wide open.   Law enforcement and border communities have been bracing for the  migration surge that is sure to come once title 42 goes away. They are  worried that they don't have the people, the facilities, or the  resources to manage this flood of humanity, and the administration has  done zero to inspire confidence.   Just last week, Secretary Mayorkas visited El Paso, which has been at  the epicenter of this crisis since late last year. The streets and the  shelters have been filled with vulnerable migrants with nowhere else to  go, and its leaders are very anxious about what will happen on May 11.   During his visit, Secretary Mayorkas met with Border Patrol agents  and Customs and Border Protection Office of Field Operations officers  to thank them for their hard work. These men and women have been on the  frontlines of this crisis for more than 2 years, and they deserve our  unending gratitude for the sacrifices they made. But they deserve more  than our thanks; they deserve our help so that they can do the law  enforcement and do the job they have pledged to do. But we have  designed the system to fail because we have made it impossible for them  to do their job the way they are trained to do.   While Secretary Mayorkas couldn't be bothered to meet with other  stakeholders in El Paso, he might have actually learned something. When  I visited the city in January with a bipartisan group, we took the time  to meet with law enforcement, local elected officials, business owners,  nongovernmental organizations, and many others. They told us about the  strain this crisis has placed on the entire community, and they shared  their fears about what might happen once title 42 is lifted if there is  no alternative plan put in place.   Unfortunately, during his most recent trip, Secretary Mayorkas didn't  take the time to hear from a full range of stakeholders who were on the  frontlines. He didn't sit down with those elected officials to discuss  the caravans of migrants that are forming just across the border in  Juarez, across from El Paso. He didn't offer advice about how the  communities should prepare for what happens when title 42 is eliminated  or what the Federal Government was prepared to do to help.   So, once again, our border communities in Texas are doing the  backbreaking work of managing this crisis with little or no support  from the Biden administration. With the end of title 42 in sight, the  administration needs to prepare for what is to come, and they need to  help get ready to deter this huge flood of humanity. They simply can't  ignore the problem and hope it goes away. That hasn't worked for the  last 2 years, and it certainly won't work now.   March is quickly coming to a close, and the challenges are only going  to grow from there, as the spring months are typically some of the  busiest for migration. That is because mild temperatures make the  journey a little less dangerous and folks want to come to the United  States, many to work during the summertime.   Our border communities are bracing for this perfect storm of policies  and circumstances that will hurt everybody except the cartels. Their  drug trafficking and human smuggling operations have never been more  profitable, and they are gearing up for an even bigger windfall thanks  to the Biden administration and the end of title 42.   These criminal organizations will continue to extort and profit off  the backs of vulnerable migrants. They will coordinate migration surges  to distract and overwhelm law enforcement,  [[Page S1077]]  and they will smuggle fentanyl and other dangerous drugs into every  corner of this country. And they will get richer while migrants and  communities throughout America suffer.   The administration has 6 weeks to come up with a plan. They know the  clock is ticking, and they had better get to work. And, even more  significantly, they ought to work with us on a bipartisan basis to come  up with a solution.   Senator Sinema from Arizona and I; Henry Cuellar, a Democrat from  Laredo; and Tony Gonzales, a Republican from the largest border  district in the country--the four of us--introduced a bill called the  Bipartisan Border Solutions Act. We did that almost 2 years ago. Yet  our Democratic colleagues, even though they have had the majority for 2  years preceding this last election, did nothing to have hearings on  that proposed legislation or to offer a markup or a vote on the bill.  And, certainly, we were happy, if somebody had a better idea, for them  to come forward. But all we heard were crickets.   Well, the clock is ticking, and we know what is going to happen in  May unless something changes, and I hope it will.   I yield the floor.   