 Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, the Senator from Louisiana is a friend and  someone who is, as he said, angry about these issues. That passion is  real. His anger, his frustration, his determination is something that I  share. In fact, I think this is one of the issues that, if you polled  100 Senators, you would see 100 Senators who sincerely and urgently  believe we need to do something with this crisis that the Senator from  Louisiana has so patently and clearly and candidly put forward. The  fentanyl crisis is killing Americans at outrageous rates. Doing nothing  or continuing to do the same thing is absolutely unacceptable.   So my colleague, his passion--Louisianians should know that this is  one of the best fighters when it comes to protecting people in his  State, and his passion for protection affects people all over this  country.   But this is the challenge I have. We have now seen generations of the  so-called War on Drugs, and the solutions that we seem to come up with  are about more and more and more incarceration, longer and longer and  longer sentences. And if that would solve the problem, count me in for  continuing to go down that pathway.   We now incarcerate more people than any country on the planet Earth.  One out of every three incarcerated women on the planet Earth is here  in America. One out of every four incarcerated people in the world is  here in America. But has that stopped the crisis of drugs in our  communities, kids dying of fentanyl, of opioids? No. There is no  correlation. Not one study--nothing--shows that higher and higher  rates, higher and higher sentencing relate in any way to safer  communities, and I have looked for that data.   The Department of Justice itself--the folks who are prosecuting  people for drugs--their own report from the National Institute of  Justice says more severe punishments do not chasten individuals  convicted of these crimes. It has no correlation at all.   And yet, as my colleagues pointed out, every 7 seconds someone is  dying. And so the question is this: What will make the difference?   My colleague, if you follow the evidence that you so passionately  talked about on this day--National Fentanyl Awareness Day--the things  that we know are actually driving down the deaths are treating this  issue like a national health crisis.   Yes, we need law enforcement. Yes, we need to stop this fentanyl  coming into our country. Yes, the law enforcement needs all the tools.  I support them. I will fight for them. I will continue to invest in  them.   But what is lacking to save lives is the kind of healthcare access  that we need. Drug treatment, awareness, public health interventions-- we know those work, but yet we don't have the resources in communities  to do them.   I bring your attention to some of the facts. The National Institutes  of Health reports that 85 percent of our prison population right now-- think about that. The overwhelming majority of our prison population  right now has an active substance use disorder of people incarcerated  involving drug use. That is who we are incarcerating in America right  now, folks coming in and out, getting further and further engaged in  that dark world of drug abuse and drug sales; but we are not solving  the problem.   Let me bring attention to the fact that, when it comes to sentencing,  my colleague was talking about the mandatory minimums. But do you know  what? If you get caught with possession--I know this--you get tagged  with possession with intent to distribute. God, if you are in a school  zone, you get tagged with something else.   We have prosecutors now that could stack up 20, 30, 40, 50 years,  even more so. I don't know if folks know this, but on your first  offense, possession with intent to distribute has a 5-year mandatory  minimum, but you could be given up to 40 years. In the second offense  in the United States of America, you could get a life sentence. The  mandatory minimum is 10 years to life.   Is that stopping the crisis in our country? Do we need to bring in  the death penalty? Is that going to stop what is happening in every 7  seconds?   Thirty years I have lived in Newark--25 years to be exact--and God, I  have watched the drug war and what it has done: more mandatory  minimums, more incarceration, and lives that continue to be destroyed  by the horrors of drugs. I beg this body to look at the evidence of  what actually saves lives.   Did you know that the No. 1 reason why people don't call for help  when someone is having a drug overdose is because they are afraid of  the consequences when they engage with the police? People are dying  right now because people are afraid of the police because we are  treating this like just a  [[Page S1560]]  law enforcement problem and not a public health problem.   I will join with any colleague on either side of the aisle to stop  the scourge of fentanyl taking too many of our children, but, God,  follow the evidence, and let's work together on what we see is actually  lowering causes, lowering the rates of death.   So, yes, I object with a heart that is hurting with the same anger  that my colleague has shown.   I will work with him. We have worked together before. Let's do  something that is a comprehensive approach, that follows the data, that  follows the report, that follows the National Institutes of Health and  the DOJ's best recommendations.   I will join with him, and we will bring to the floor a comprehensive  bill that does affect the fentanyl coming into our country,  overwhelmingly being brought by Americans; that does affect law  enforcement's capabilities and powers to detect those substances, as I  found out on the border; that does impact the addicts that he so  passionately and compassionately cares about. Let's do a comprehensive  bill, not something that the data does not support will actually stop  children from dying like they have died in the many seconds that I have  talked.    I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to speak for 11 minutes, followed by Senator Grassley for 10  minutes, and Senator Menendez for 5 minutes prior to the scheduled  vote.    Mr. President, I rise to speak about another public  health crisis. I feel a little bit like I am in this horrific version  of Ground Hog Day because I have come to the floor of the Senate to  speak about this crisis time and time again.   This is a public health crisis that is happening only in America, a  public health crisis that is impacting every community in this country,  whether it is a rural town called Uvalde, a movie theater in Aurora, a  school in Nashville--the uniquely American crisis of gun violence.   If you love this country, I will tell you, if America hasn't broken  your heart, you don't love her enough. This is heart wrenching--a  specifically, uniquely American epidemic.   And so I stand here on the Senate floor heartbroken, like so many  Americans, and share the sense of obligation that we speak as a nation  after a mass shooting, that we don't treat this like business as usual.   Decades ago, in this body, if eight people were shot and killed--I  think we should share a sense of outrage with our heartbreak that in  the face of almost daily reportings of gun violence victims, many of  them innocent children, we have failed to respond to this crisis.   Instead, we choose the pathway of inaction or choosing a pathway  where the action is in no way proportionate to the crisis. We have  allowed carnage in our country to persist, and we have chosen to value  the power of wealth and special interests to overcome the majority will  of a nation.   It seems so common now to turn on the TV and see, yet again,  Americans being slaughtered in our Nation. This past Saturday, that  place was a shopping mall. It was in the suburbs of Dallas. It was in  the suburbs of Dallas, where a shooter opened fire on shoppers with an  AR-15-style rifle. We are still learning more about this event, but the  early reports indicate that at least eight lives have been lost and  numerous others wounded. Lives shattered, crippled by weapons that  belong in a war zone, firing with bullets that rip through bodies with  gruesome reality; victims from their sixties to a child--to a child-- that is 5 years old.    Only in America. Only in America.   Only in this country is something like this routine. Eight people  killed, and we continue with a growing savage normalcy that just  accepts this carnage. Eight more souls--eight more.   Every time one of these shootings happens, we go through the same  motions, almost beginning to seem like autopilot. I see the same  tweets. I see the same moans. I see similar statements. And then we  seem to get to a point where it leaves the headlines, just to be  replaced by another slaughter, by another shooting, by another mass  murder, by another child dying, by another kid without his parents. We  seem to have resigned ourselves to this cycle of carnage, and the  responses are ``thoughts and prayers.''   As the death toll climbs, thoughts and prayers. As more people die,  thoughts and prayers. As more people are put into the ground, thoughts  and prayers. As more families and communities and places of worship and  places of commerce are forever remembered as the place where family  members, friends, and loved ones died. Only in America. Only in  America. Only in America.   Yesterday, May 8, was the 128th day of the year. In those 128 days,  there have been 201--201 mass shootings. In those 128 days, more than  14,000 Americans have been killed by gun violence. In 128 days, there  have been 12,000 Americans who have been injured, many of them  crippled, many of them with forever scars on their bodies and trauma to  their souls.   This staggering toll includes people who weren't shot in mass  shootings. We just had a 14-year-old girl shot because she was playing  hide-and-seek--shot in the back of the head because she went on someone  else's property.   What about the young Black boy who was in the wrong place at the  wrong time, mistakenly ringing the wrong doorbell, only to be shot and  traumatized for the rest of his life.   What about the toddler, a toddler shot in the head after a gun fell  off a shelf.   As of 2018, we have seen an explosion of gun purchases in the United  States. We now have 390 million guns in circulation, which means there  are more guns in this Nation right now than there are people.   In my lifetime alone, just a short 50-plus years of my life, more  Americans have been killed by gun violence in the United States than  all of our wars, from the Revolutionary War to the World Wars, to the  Vietnam war, to the Korean war, to the War on Terror. Than all of our  wars combined, we have had more people in our country killed by gun  violence in the last 50 years. And every single day that this body does  nothing, another 120 people die. Only in America. Only in America.   We have gun death rates that are 8 times higher than our northern  neighbor Canada; 22 times higher than the  [[Page S1561]]  European Union; 23 times higher than Australia. Only in America. Only  in America.   Fifty-eight percent of us now--more than half of Americans now--more  than half of American adults have someone they care for who has  experienced gun violence.   This creeping reality is eating into everyone in America. It is now  the leading cause of premature death in the United States and the  leading cause of death for our children. The No. 1 killer of American  children is gun violence. Only in America. Only in America is the No. 1  cause of death for children gun violence. Nearly 19 percent of  childhood deaths in 2021 were caused by firearms. Only in America. In  no other comparable country are firearms even in the top four causes of  mortality with our children.   Our kids are being forced to do active shooter drills more so now  than fire drills, being forced to hold hands, to be taught to escape,  to be taught to hide, to be implicitly told by adults that we can't  protect you from the No. 1 cause of death.   What is this doing to our society? More than the deaths even is the  trauma that is creeping like a cancer into all parts of our society.  What is it doing to our collective hearts?   What is it doing to our one Nation under God that this cancer of  trauma is entering neighborhoods and communities and towns and cities?  What does it mean?   Well, research on trauma shows that the level of collective trauma  constitutes a cataclysmic event that affects not just victims of  violence but the society as a whole. It is a cancer. It undermines our  fundamental sense of security.   If you look at other countries that have suffered these same  tragedies that decided to act, that their collective response was to do  something--Canada took steps to ban military-style assault weapons. New  Zealand placed restrictions on AR-15s and other semiautomatic weapons.  In Australia, they implemented a gun buyback program and other actions.  In country after country that took action, they affirmed their  collective agency to protect their nations. They responded to tragedy  with action, to trauma with healing. And yet, only in America, while  other nations make progress, we choose to normalize trauma.   People make comments like more guns, more guns will make us safer.   People make comments like, oh, well, it is mental health issues, when  other nations have mental health crises.   Some argue--    I ask unanimous consent for 3 more minutes.    We cannot profess to be a nation of freedom if we cannot  free our society from fear, if we can't free our society from violence.  We cannot profess to live up to our values if the very Nation founded  for--one of the reasons being common defense, but we can't defend our  children.   Last week, I introduced with Senator Warren the Firearms Safety Act,  which would implement Federal safety regulations for firearms because  right now guns--the most lethal of all consumer products--are the only  products that aren't even subject to consumer safety regulations.   Look, I want to end with the truth. A police officer who arrived at  the shooting in Allentown recounted discovering a young boy beneath his  mother's lifeless body who died protecting this child. He shared with  anguish the haunting encounter of finding a young girl also crouched in  a prayer-like position. As he searched for signs of life, he turned her  head to the side only to find the horror of her face missing. In her  final moments on Earth, the position of that girl was in prayer--was to  pray. And we in this country--only in America--our response is only  thoughts and prayers?    We need to be the prayer answerers. We need to be the ones who  respond when people call out for help.   How will we respond to this national nightmare?   What will we do to this uniquely American problem?   Will we show American might? Will we show American strength? Will we  show American healing? Will we show American community? Will we show  American love for our children or will we repeat this national  nightmare over and over again?   When the shots ring out, people run, people hide, people pray. It is  time that we in America answer those prayers with action.   