 Madam Speaker, it is about time. It is good to see a  bill actually shed some light on a disease process if we want to expose  something, if we want to bring the truth. This should have been done a  long time ago.   When we first started seeing this disease in the emergency  department, I was there on the front lines seeing people with fevers  for no reason, testing negative for flu, testing negative for strep,  pneumonia, and urinary tract infections. We couldn't figure out why  they were sick. We were sending them home, not really understanding  what was wrong with them.   Then we had a hard time trying to figure out how to treat them. We  went through a novel disease process, just like they did back in 1918  when we had the original flu pandemic where 26 million people died in  about a year.   It should never come to a point where we become politically  motivated. More to the point of why we have become so critical of  people who should be trusted is when they have bias built into their  argument to begin with, and that is what we are here to expose.   When we have transparency, when we have declassified information so  we can actually make a good judgment based on public opinion when it is  exposed to the truth, I think it will expose that people were  politically motivated; that they are embarrassed by their choices, and  that they made choices to politicize this, rather than get to the  bottom of this.   We cannot stop a disease by misunderstanding where it came from. We  cannot have an honest discussion and heal our Nation until we have  accountability.   I think where the mistrust comes from is the fact that it was  politicized to begin with. So I think it is fair criticism when you  have emails that expose the fact that they were trying to spin it a  certain way, rather than having an honest, scientific discussion. That  is fair criticism, and people should be held accountable if we are  going to get to the bottom of this.   As an ER doctor who served during the entire pandemic, since before I  even knew what it was, watching people die in front of me, learning  lessons--and those are honest lessons, where doctors made decisions and  in good faith made mistakes, but it was in good faith--and we want to  expose people who made decisions out of bad faith.   