 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, I  thank her for taking this Special Order, and I thank her for the  extraordinary work she has put in over the years.   Madam Speaker, President Zelenskyy, a brave leader of a determined  people who are defending their democracy and international law, warned  us today that the resources we sent his people in their fight for  freedom have run out. Two legislative days remain to deliver urgent aid  to Ukraine and to Israel. If we leave town on Thursday, then we will  have to wait 1 month until we get another opportunity. Our allies  cannot afford the wait. Neither can we.   Our failure sends a dangerous message to the world about our  commitment to freedom, democracy, and international law. Each week we  see: reluctance over resolve. Each day: doubt over determination. Each  hour: division over decisiveness. Each minute: contention over  conviction.   Our allies watch in dismay and our adversaries watch in delight as  the beacon of democracy that is America dims in the face of the  gathering storm. Instead, we must ensure that freedom's holy light  continues to burn bright. Winston Churchill understood that, Volodymyr  Zelenskyy understands that, and most Members understand that.   There is also an overwhelming consensus to support Israel in its  imperative mission to defeat Hamas and ensure the devastating attacks  on October 7 never occur again. If we do not pay the price of freedom  with money and material now, then we may well pay for it with American  blood and lives later. We ought to be thankful that we have that  choice. Our allies do not.   Madam Speaker, I just read a story about a Ukrainian de-miner who  lost his leg while clearing Russian mines on September 22. He is now  out doing the same thing on his prosthetic leg. He risked life and  limb, and he volunteered to do so again. The sacrifice this Congress  must make pales in comparison.   Madam Speaker, I think of the mother in western Ukraine I just read  about who lost two sons. The burden we must bear does not compare to  theirs.   A significant majority of this House remains, as has been said by  Republicans and Democrats, united in our determination to see Ukraine  prevail. We came here not as Democrats or as Republicans, but as people  who recognize this threat for what it is, an existential one.   We are the majority in this House. Until the Speaker gives us a clean  vote, however, we cannot act on this consensus.   Madam Speaker, the Speaker introduced a bill in the 115th Congress  that said one subject per bill. The Speaker must follow that premise  that he asked us to support.   I urge the Speaker not to allow an important but unrelated goal to  prevent us from doing what is necessary to achieve a victory for our  own national security and the security of the free world.   Politics should stop at the water's edge because this sort of  partisanship emboldens the enemies of freedom to set their sights on  our own shores. Rather than sending the despots and dictators of the  world a signal of retreat, let's send them a clear and unambiguous  message that we will not shrink from this challenge. Our inaction is  not worthy of the land of the free and the home of the brave. America  is better than that.   