 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I will be brief. My amendment does one  simple thing, it actually restores the funding for the Foreign  Agriculture Service to fiscal year 2019 levels.   In short, Mr. Chairman, our government spends a lot of money, and we  are not even sure if it is effective. One of the things that is  critical to get our overall fiscal house in order is to start looking  at line items in the Federal budget pre-COVID.   We have plussed up a lot of these agencies and a lot of these  departments, and the COVID pandemic was used as a reason to do so.   My amendment is simple. The COVID pandemic is over and it is now time  to start focusing on getting our fiscal house in order while still  being focused on the programs that are important to the agriculture  community and other communities. My amendment does that.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, let's be very clear. What we are talking  about is moving the requested number for this appropriation down $23.4  million.   In 2019, we spent $213,000,890 on the Foreign Agriculture Service.  All we are saying is move it back to that line. The Federal Government  will still be able to accomplish its mission, but we don't have the  additional resources. We have to be prudent with the people's money so  we can actually cut that back to 2019 levels and still accomplish the  mission.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Harris).    Mr. Chairman, I did not hear an argument as to why $250  million needs to be spent for the Foreign Agriculture Service. What I  heard, Mr. Chairman, was talk about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act which, by  the way, has yielded more tax revenue to the Federal Government than at  any other time in American history.   The minority party refuses to acknowledge the fact that actual tax  policy changes in a positive way which reduces rates on producers in  our country actually yields more tax revenue to the Federal Government.  They refuse to acknowledge that to this day.   If you are going to ask for a recipe for fiscal sanity in this  Nation, it is to actually lower marginal tax rates over a consistent  period of time--consistent, controlled spending restraint at the  Federal level over a period of time. Those two things will actually  lead us to spending less in this government and provide more prosperity  to all of the people that we serve, regardless of where they fall on  the economic ladder.   Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. This is  what we should be doing. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment in short does something very  simple. It actually reduces the funding requirement for the Commodity  Futures Trading Commission back to FY 2018 levels.   In short, Mr. Chairman, the job of the CFTC has been operating for a  very long time. The additional $96 million in money, it is not clear  why they need that to be able to regulate the Commodity Futures Trading  platform.   Nothing miraculously has changed in commodity trading from 2018 to  2024, so in my view, Mr. Chairman, we need to restore those levels back  to the FY18 levels in part because the CFTC will still be able to  accomplish their mission, number one.   Number two, we are running a $2 trillion deficit this fiscal year. We  have to actually begin to pull some of these agencies back two levels  so the American taxpayer can actually begin to afford, and not the  wishful thinking of Federal agencies.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, a couple of things. Number one, the  regulatory mission and the enforcement mission for the CFTC has not  been encumbered in any way over the last several years, so cutting  their spending back at a time when the American taxpayer does not have  more money, first, to give to the Federal Government and its leviathan  of overspending but, number two, borrowing more money from its future  is just not the prudent measure to do. That is one and two.   Number three, Congress has not outlined any regulatory framework  around the digital assets framework. It does not exist because Congress  has not spoken about digital assets. For the CFTC to take  appropriations to regulate a space it has no legal authority to  regulate, in my view, is outside the purview of the CFTC.   There might be a time in the future where Congress would regulate  legislative responsibilities around the digital assets marketplace, but  that has not occurred at this time.   Number four, I would agree with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the  CFTC, with respect to all the other regulators, is one of the most  cost-effective.   Obviously, I believe the SEC is bloated and, frankly, out of control  in a myriad of areas, but that does not mean that we just turn a blind  eye to the budgets of every aspect of the Federal Government. We have  to bring some semblance of fiscal sanity to this government and  starting even with the good ``cops on the beat'' is a responsible thing  to do.   The CFTC can still accomplish its mission if their budget is  restrained to a degree. There has not been any really significant  issues in the derivative markets since, frankly, 2008, where the CFTC  has not been able to accomplish its mission. This lower funding level  will allow them to do the same.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   