 Mr. Chair, pursuant to House Resolution 597,  I offer amendments en bloc.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in support of the bipartisan en bloc. This en bloc contains 17  amendments offered by my colleagues on both sides of the aisle.   The en bloc includes amendments that look to increase access to  airspace for its users. It reinforces staffing levels and availability  of advanced technology for air traffic controllers and further enhances  runway safety at airports, along with a whole lot of other things that  are in the en bloc.   Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their work on these amendments.  I am proud to support this en bloc and encourage all Members to support  it.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Indiana (Mr. Yakym).    Mr. Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman  from New Jersey (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Chair, before I close, I will take a  moment to thank Ranking Member Larsen. He has been a great partner to  work with in this process. I also thank the Aviation Subcommittee  Chairman Garret  [[Page H3868]]  Graves and Ranking Member   Steve Cohen for their hard work on this,  too.   The FAA's reauthorization expires at the end of September, and this  is truly a bipartisan product. This en bloc reflects that. The  underlying bill is supported by over a thousand stakeholders, including  national organizations, companies, pilot groups, airlines, airports,  individual leaders in the aviation community, and so many more.   Mr. Chair, I appreciate the work that has gone into this product, and  once again, I thank the staff on both sides of the aisle.   This bill is vital to America's airport infrastructure, to our  economy, and to the future of American leadership in aviation.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the en bloc amendment and  the bill on final passage a little bit later this morning.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to amendment  No. 76 that is offered by Mr. Perry. This amendment proposes to strike  two provisions in the bill that seek to make fairer the process of  reserving aircraft registration numbers, also known as N-Numbers.   The bill also prevents individuals from profiting from the sale or  transfer of an N-Number that is otherwise sold, as was pointed out, by  the FAA for $10.   What do I mean by that? There are people out there who scoop up N- Numbers from the FAA for $10 using automated software. What that does  is if you are making a transfer and buy a different airplane, and you  want to keep the same N-Number, you will be blocked in many cases  because of the automated software. They hold hostage that particular N- Number and offer it for sale for thousands or tens of thousands of  dollars in some cases, depending on what the N-Number is.   As was pointed out, we are interrupting freedom of enterprise.  Pirating is also an enterprise. We make it illegal. Why do we make it  illegal? Because it should be illegal.   If you use the logic of this amendment, why are we interfering? Why  would the government interfere if somebody is just trying to have  freedom of enterprise when it comes to pirating or anything else, for  that matter, that is illegal? It is just individuals trying to make a  living.   The logic is flawed, and we need to keep this provision in the bill.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of  H.R. 3935, to include corrections in spelling, punctuation, section  numbering and cross-referencing, and the insertion of appropriate  headings.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. on Monday  next.   