 Madam President, before she leaves the floor, let me say  to my seatmate on the Senate Finance Committee how much I appreciate  her passion and leadership on this critical issue.   I note that the Presiding Officer is also one of the outspoken  members on the committee on this issue.   This has been a terrific debate coming from our side, and I thank my  colleague for her comments.   It has been a year since the atrocious decision of Dobbs v. Jackson  Women's Health Organization. I remember reading the leaked decision in  the press early last May and realizing with dread that the Court was  going to strike down Roe v. Wade. My first reaction was that the Court  has set in motion a catastrophe for the health, safety, and privacy of  American women. To the horror of the 36 million women living in States  that have already banned abortion or are likely to ban access to  abortion, unfortunately, my prediction was right.   The Supreme Court's decision in Dobbs tossed out half a century of  legal precedent, curtailed the fundamental rights of women, and  jeopardized the health and safety of millions across the country. The  Court defied the American people, who are living with the grim reality  that some of the Nation's most powerful people are eager to violate  their privacy and their basic right to make their own decisions with  respect to healthcare.   So the last year has been a nightmare for millions of women in  America. It has been especially felt by those living in the more than  20 States that have passed laws banning or severely restricting access  to abortion.   The personal stories that you hear if you spend time listening are  gut-wrenching. Women in Texas who desperately wanted to be parents and  suffered pregnancy complications nearly died trying to access  lifesaving care. Yet they were told they weren't sick enough to get it.  Far-right politicians  [[Page S2165]]  are suing healthcare providers for providing care to a 10-year-old who  had been raped--raped--and was pregnant. The cruelty apparently is the  point.   I am proud to be from Oregon, where abortion remains legal. We have  some of the most pro-choice laws in the country for those seeking  reproductive health care. That is because, in Oregon, we understand  that people can make the best decisions for themselves and their  families. But even in Oregon, you can't take freedom for granted.  Extreme Republicans won't stop until they pass a national ban on  abortion, and they are trying.   A national 6-week ban was introduced in Congress right after the  Dobbs decision came out. Anti-abortion advocates sought out a lone  judge in Amarillo, TX, to ban mifepristone, which is widely and safely  used in medication abortions nationwide. The FDA approved the safe and  effective medication for dispensation more than 20 years ago. I  organized the first congressional hearings about this drug as a Member  of the other body in 1990. This effort was never based on some extreme  or some political agenda; it was based on one proposition--that science  ought to be making the judgments and not politics.    I came to the Senate floor in February and called on the  administration to do everything it could to keep the lifesaving  medication on the market. Thankfully the far-right extremists haven't  won yet, but, as a number of my colleagues have said today correctly,  we are not home-free as that case moves through the courts.   Contrary to what Justice Kavanaugh told us in concurrence of Dobbs,  anti-abortion zealots are not leaving these matters up to the States.  Several States are trying to restrict freedom of movement,  criminalizing women who travel to other States for an abortion or even  the person who gives them a ride. Think about that. You can't sugarcoat  that. They are talking about enacting laws that reach beyond State  borders, and that hearkens back to some very dark days in our history.   This has always been about control, and one speaker after another on  our side has said that through the course of the day. This is about  politicians inserting themselves in exam rooms and in the private  decisions about whether and when to start a family.   I care about this issue for several reasons. Right at the heart of my  concern is Americans' right to privacy. That right to privacy is what  makes America, America.   As women grapple with the strictest State laws that threaten their  health and take away their privacy, they also face a crisis of digital  privacy and what we have come to call uterus surveillance. Governments  are weaponizing the most personal and private data about women's bodies  and healthcare and using it against them. I and a number of colleagues  on our side have been sounding this alarm for years that location data  leached from phone apps is ripe for abuse. States where extremists have  restricted or banned abortion--that goes straight to a five-alarm  crisis.   We also know that shady data brokers have tracked women to and from  Planned Parenthood centers. They have and will sell this information to  anybody with a credit card. And in States where abortion is illegal,  anything women say or read online can be used against them. Researching  birth control online, updating a period tracking app, even just  carrying a phone into the doctor's office--you name it--it is potential  evidence for the prosecution. The possibilities are endless and  frightening.   As to our laws governing women's sensitive private health data, as we  think about what is ahead, we have to recognize that those laws have  been outdated and weak for decades. I commend the administration for  drawing attention to this issue and being interested in shoring up  loopholes in our laws.   More has to be done. We have seen over this past year that Republican  State attorneys general and Governors are ready and willing to discard  women's privacy in their quest to prohibit access to reproductive  health care.   This has been a horrific year, but as my colleagues have said on the  floor this afternoon, we are going to be resolute. All the bills that  the group led by Senator Murray, my colleague, the President of the  Senate--they are common sense. They are common sense, the package that  my colleagues have offered today for unanimous consent. They go a long  way toward protecting women and healthcare providers.   I just want my constituents to know and I want my colleagues here in  the Senate to know I am on the program. I don't think this is the time  when we can even take for granted any of these concerns--not a one. The  whole question of access to healthcare, the right to privacy, making  sure that States' rights really mean States' rights and not tracking  people down across the country--these are all priorities that my  colleagues have laid out very, very well.   As long as I have the honor to represent Oregon in the U.S. Senate, I  am going to be working with all of them.   The fact is, as we close--and it seems like we are getting ready to  wrap up--I think it is clear that the American people are on the side  of my colleagues over here who have spoken today.   I yield the floor.   