 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  Veteran Entrepreneurship Training Act of 2023, legislation I was proud  to introduce with my colleagues, Chair Roger Williams of Texas; Morgan  McGarvey of Kentucky; and Jake Ellzey, also from Texas.   This bipartisan bill codifies the existing Boots to Business Program  at the Small Business Administration, which provides business training  programs for veterans and their families. Innovation and  entrepreneurship are critical to a healthy, growing economy.   Today, the United States is enjoying a renaissance in entrepreneurial  activity. Entrepreneurs not only start new businesses, they bring new  ideas and new inventions to life. They create new industries and  disrupt existing ones. The companies they build not only create new  jobs, but are pillars in our local communities.   A recent Forbes article noted that 16 percent of the U.S. workforce  are engaged in entrepreneurial pursuits, up almost 30 percent since the  start of the pandemic, and 40 percent of those are women.   Furthermore, our Nation's economy relies on small business and  entrepreneurship. U.S. small businesses generate approximately 44  percent of our total economic activity each year; they employ almost  half of all working Americans and produce almost two-thirds of new  jobs.   So who are these people fueling our economic vitality? A broad review  of the business literature describing the traits of successful  entrepreneurs show some common themes. These include: creativity and  desire to innovate; the ability to collaborate and build strong teams;  a willingness to take measured risks; decisiveness; versatility;  adaptability; persistence; resilience; and grit.    This list also fairly describes the men and women who serve our  Nation in the Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force, and Space Force. Success  in our military requires the very same traits that are considered key  success factors in business.   Our military is made up of the best and the brightest our country has  to offer. They reflect who we are as a Nation and encompass the full  diversity of our people. Their success in their service depends on the  same types of leadership talent that will make them capable business  leaders in the future. They quickly solve problems, they innovate, and  they take uncertain situations and find ways to get things done.   What the Boots to Business Program does so well is help translate the  lessons and skills cultivated during military service into the skills  necessary for success in civilian life.   Since 2013, the Boots to Business Program has elevated the potential  of our Nation's veterans by offering free, multiweek, in-depth courses  to over 150,000 existing servicemembers and their spouses. The Boots to  Business curriculum covers the fundamentals of starting a business,  teaching participants such important skills as market research,  organizational design, and financial management.   Our bill, the Veteran Entrepreneurship Training Act of 2023, will  formally codify the Boots to Business Program into law, ensuring  existing and future servicemembers can reliably take advantage of this  valuable opportunity for years to come.   This bill will fuel small-business-driven growth well into the future  by creating a pipeline of skilled and hardworking entrepreneurs. It  means we can continue to give back to the men and women who selflessly  risked their lives in our service while also investing in our economic  future by building a driven and skilled entrepreneur force from our  Nation's most ambitious and achieving leaders.   I am pleased and grateful for the strong bipartisan support this bill  has received in committee. I once again thank Chair Williams and  Ranking Member Velazquez for helping to bring this bill forward, and I  thank the Speaker for bringing this important legislation to the House  floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support the Veteran  Entrepreneurship Training Act of 2023.   