 I appreciate my colleague from Kansas making a forceful  case for why this package is necessary.   We have been told by the President, we have been told by our Israeli  allies, and we have been told by a number of national security experts  that Israel is in a fight for its life. It is in a fight for its life  against not just an enemy in Israel but an enemy--radical Islamist  terrorism--that very often has and is planning as we speak to come to  our shores and to attack us.   This is a commonsense package. As the Senator from Kansas mentioned,  it gives the President the exact amount of money that he asked for to  support our Israeli allies. What is different about our bill--what is  different about the House's bill that had already passed from what the  President requested is twofold.   First of all, this is ready to go. It is ready to go today. If we  pass this package today, aid would flow to our Israeli allies  immediately. That is reason No. 1 to support it.   The other difference from the President's $106 billion behemoth of a  supplemental is that this is about a single problem, because we should  be debating single problems in this country. The world is complicated,  of course. The world has intertwined complexities. But we should have  enough respect for the American people to debate these issues  distinctly because they raise separate questions.   Many of my colleagues may forget that a matter of weeks ago--a matter  of months ago, there were people in this Chamber, there were people in  the United States of America demanding that the State of Israel give  money and weapons to the Ukrainians--money and weapons that the  Israelis are now using this very moment to defend themselves.   The idea that these policies are not intentioned with one another,  the idea that what happens in Russia and Ukraine is separate from what  happens in Israel is not just obvious, it is common sense, and it has  been borne out by the reality of the last couple of weeks.    My colleagues would like to collapse these packages. Too many of my  colleagues would like to collapse these packages because they would  like to use Israel as a political fig leaf for the President's Ukraine  policy. But the President's Ukraine policy, just like the Israeli  policy, should be debated. We should talk about it. We should discuss  it. We should separate the cost and benefits and analyze them as  distinct policies because that is what the American people deserve of  their legislature.   There are many questions we could ask about the Ukraine policy, many  issues that have gone completely unanswered.   No. 1: What is our end goal in Ukraine?   You hear commonly that the goal is to throw the Russians out of every  inch of Ukrainian territory. Yet, when you talk to the President's own  administration in private, they admit that is a strategic  impossibility. Let me repeat that. No rational human being in the  President's administration believes that it is possible to throw the  Russians out of every inch of Ukrainian territory.   So why is that the public justification offered by many advocates of  indefinite, unlimited Ukrainian aid? Because this debate is  fundamentally dishonest. We are not telling the American people the  truth because we know that if we did tell them the truth, they would  not support an indefinite flow of money to Ukraine.   What are we doing, ladies and gentlemen? How long is this supposed to  go on? How much money are we expected to spend? What is the strategic  objective? What are we trying to do? Are we monitoring the fact that we  have spent nearly $200 billion, if the supplemental passes--$200  billion to one of the most corrupt countries in the world? Do we have  proper assurances that all that money is being spent on the things we  tell ourselves it is being spent on? The answer, of course, is no  because we have not had a real debate in this Chamber. The American  people, I think, should be ashamed of us for that fact.   Let me offer just one final observation here. You have heard in this  Chamber--you heard even today--that the Ukraine policy was born of a  spirit of bipartisan agreement; that we had this moment where Democrats  and Republicans recognized that it was very, very important to help the  Ukrainians push back against the Russian attack. Of course, we support  and praise our Ukrainian friends. They have done a lot more than many  people gave them credit for.   But let's also be honest that for 30 years, Washington, DC, has run  on bipartisan foreign policy wisdom, and it has run this country to the  ground with $1.7 trillion deficits; war after war after war that has  killed thousands of Americans, millions of other people, and has not  led to the strategic strength of this country.   It was great bipartisan agreement after September 11 that threw  Saddam out of Iraq. Of course, a lot of people celebrated it until  right now we realize that Iraq is a client state of Iran. We empowered  one of the worst regimes in the world with our bipartisan wisdom.   Maybe what we should have is some bipartisan wisdom that the foreign  policy consensus of this country for the last three decades has been a  disaster. It has been a disaster for this country. It has been a  disaster for our dead marines, Army soldiers, Navy sailors, and Air  Force airmen. It has been a disaster for this country's finances, and  it has been a disaster for the entire world.   Let's have a real debate. We haven't had one in 30 years.   Mr. President, I yield to my distinguished colleague from Florida.   