 Mr. President, this week, at long last, the Senate will  vote on the National Defense Authorization Act conference report.   Each year, the Defense Authorization Act is how we demonstrate our  support for the men and women in uniform--how they are paid, how they  are equipped, how they are trained--and how our alliances are  strengthened.   Given the incredible number of threats that exist in today's world,  preserving our military readiness has never been more important. There  is a war in the Middle East, a war in Europe, and growing tensions in  the Indo-Pacific. I was reading this morning there are more wars and  conflicts today than there have been literally at almost any time in  history. We live in a dangerous world, and maintaining our paramount  strength and the deterrence that flows from that is absolutely  imperative.   That is why the Defense Authorization Act is so important. Each year,  it allows us to take stock of the evolving threat landscape and to take  corrective actions. This year's Defense bill prioritizes long-term  strategic competition with China. It will help replenish our defense  stockpiles from the weapons that we have been supplying Ukraine so that  they can defend themselves against unjustified Russian aggression, and  it will help us maintain our own state of readiness and the deterrent  effect that goes along with it. This bill will also support  modernization efforts across the board, from the nuclear triad to next- generation weapons.   This year's NDAA also authorizes military construction projects  across the country, including $230 million for military construction  projects in Texas alone. That includes $48 million for a cyber  operations center and $20 million for a child development center at  Joint Base San Antonio. It is really important to understand that in an  All-Volunteer military, it is important not only to view this as  service by just the member who wears the uniform but also the entire  family. So trying to make sure that we take care of things like a child  development center at Joint Base San Antonio ensures our ability to  continue to recruit and retain highly qualified individuals to serve in  our All-Volunteer military.   This bill also has $20 million for barracks improvements and nearly  $6 million for tactical equipment maintenance facilities at Fort  Cavazos. It has $74 million for a new rail yard spur at Fort Bliss.  This is so, should troops need to be deployed from Fort Bliss, they can  almost immediately be loaded onto a rail and then sent to the port at  Beaumont and other ports for disembarkation.   And this is just scratching the surface. So, simply put, the NDAA  will support our troops, strengthen our military readiness, and  implement a raft of reforms to strengthen our national security.   Included in this bill is the Intelligence Authorization Act, which  includes the Sensible Classification Act that I introduced with Senator  Warner earlier this year. It had become apparent to me that our  classification system had been overused, and too many people were able  to classify documents and keep them out of public view without any real  rhyme or reason.   This is particularly important given the nature of our Republic where  the public has a right to know what their government is doing. Now,  certainly--and this bill does protect sensitive classified information  when it is important to our national security, but it is important to  make sure that that classification process extends no further than is  absolutely necessary and  [[Page S5890]]  that once the risk of public disclosure lapses, that that information  be subject to declassification, which is what the Sensible  Classification Act does.   The classification of sensitive information gives us an invaluable  edge when it comes to planning and preparing for threats all around the  world, but there is a very thin line between strategic classification  and excessive secrecy. Of course, political accountability is a  critical part of self-government, and given the all-too-human, natural  incentive to trumpet successes and hide mistakes, excessive secrecy  undermines that accountability, which is essential to our system of  government. If too much information is withheld from the public, it can  sow distrust.   Without transparency, there can be no accountability, and without  accountability, there is no confidence that the government is acting in  the best interest of the American people. It is obvious that there is a  need to recalibrate the balance between the public's right to know and  the need to protect and defend our Nation, and that is what this  important provision of the National Defense Authorization Act does. It  will increase accountability and oversight of the classification system  by requiring training to promote sensible classification and efficient  declassification. Declassification, as I indicated, after the need for  secrecy goes away, will allow information to become public so we can  learn from our history, and we can learn our history as well.    This bill requires Federal Agencies to justify security clearances.  Too many people have security clearances, which actually contribute to  the overclassification of information. We need to limit security  clearances and access to classified information to those who truly need  it in order to keep our Nation safe. This legislation will help protect  the integrity of America's classification system and help provide some  additional trust in the government, I hope, and I am glad it will soon  be heading to the President's desk for his signature.   There is another important provision in the National Defense  Authorization Act that is very important as well, and that is an  extension of section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act,  which is set to expire at the end of this year unless it is extended.  But we all know this law is not without some controversy.   Still, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act and section 702, in  particular, is one of the most important and consequential laws that  most Americans have never even heard of. This authority is the key to  detecting and disrupting threats to our safety and our security. For  example, information acquired through section 702 has helped identify  threats to our own troops and thwart planned terrorist attacks both  here at home and abroad.   It has enabled the U.S. Government to stop components for weapons of  mass destruction from reaching our foreign adversaries. It has helped  us disrupt our adversaries' efforts to recruit spies on American soil  or send their operatives to the United States once recruited overseas.   It has also helped us understand and combat fentanyl trafficking, a  drug which took 71,000 American lives last year alone.   It has helped us identify foreign ransomware attacks on U.S. critical  infrastructure and uncover war crimes and gruesome atrocities in places  like Ukraine.   For virtually every national security threat America faces, section  702 is an essential asset. There is a reason why it is known as the  crown jewel of America's intelligence-gathering capabilities. But as I  said a moment ago, despite the importance of this law, this authority  is not without some controversy, and unfortunately we have been unable  to resolve all of that controversy into an agreed statute with  appropriate reforms. So this temporary extension is important to give  us the time and the space to be able to do that.   In recent years, we have learned of some abuses of our intelligence  authorities. But I want to be clear: The targeting of Americans is  expressly prohibited in section 702. In fact, you can't target foreign  adversaries on American soil--only overseas. This is very limited in  its application. This authority allows the intelligence community and  the Department of Justice to obtain intelligence on foreigners located  outside the United States. It cannot be used to target U.S. citizens,  whether on American soil or elsewhere.   Now, where this issue gets thorny is because of the so-called  incidental collection of the identity of Americans. So when a foreign  national communicates with somebody in the United States--obviously, a  U.S. person, defined as a legal permanent resident or a U.S. citizen-- there will be incidental collection of that communication between the  foreigner and the American.   As an example, let's say the intelligence community is using 702 to  monitor the communications of a Hamas terrorist in Gaza who is believed  to pose a danger to our national security. He is not on American soil,  and he is not an American citizen, but he is using U.S.-based  communication networks.   One of the people that Hamas terrorists in our hypothetical is  communicating with is an American on U.S. soil, and through a series of  text messages, the intelligence community is able to discern that the  two are planning an attack on civilians in New York City.   This is a fairly typical sort of collection using this important  authority, and you can understand why it is important to be able to  retain that ability to discern these sorts of attacks and this sort of  planning by our adversaries against us.   So in this case, even though the American is not the target of the  collection, the conversation would be visible because the person he is  communicating with is a foreign target. But the intelligence community  has a whole set of protocols and procedures to protect American  citizens and U.S. persons even in this sort of incidental collection.  There is a series of minimization procedures intended to limit the  distribution of this information to make sure that it is not subject to  abuse.   So let's say that the FBI wants to get some more information about  that U.S. citizen on American soil. They then have to go to the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Court and demonstrate probable cause that  that American citizen or U.S. person is a threat to U.S. public safety.  And they have to get a warrant involving that U.S. citizen--U.S.  person.   So in this hypothetical terror plot, we are looking at a clear and  imminent threat to people on American soil, and clearly that is  something that the FBI would want to take a closer look at.   Congress has designed this authority to provide intelligence  professionals with timely and actionable intelligence in a way that  protects the privacy and the rights of American citizens, but  unfortunately we know that occasionally we will find abuse of those  authorities. For example, in 2020 and early 2021, it was revealed that  hundreds of thousands of improper searches had been made using the 702  database.   Now, I, like most other people I know, were outraged by these abuses,  and the American people should be outraged when these authorities, as  important as they are, are used improperly. This represents a violation  of trust by some of our Nation's most powerful law enforcement  Agencies.   Given these abuses, some of our colleagues have suggested that we  simply allow this authority to lapse, but the truth is, we can't cut  off our nose to spite our face. Instead of nixing it, we need to fix  it, and that is what we need the time to do that this temporary  extension will provide.   Losing section 702 authority would make the American people  vulnerable to a range of threats. Instead of tossing this authority  aside, we simply need to reform it. I say ``simply''--we need to reform  it.   Last week, FBI Director Christopher Wray testified before the Senate  Judiciary Committee and talked about the abuses of 702 authority. He  described these failures appropriately as ``unacceptable'' and spoke  about the raft of reforms he has implemented to address the problem.   The FBI has improved its systems, enhanced training, added oversight  and approval requirements, and adopted new accountability measures. It  has also launched a new Office of Internal Auditing that is focused  specifically on FISA compliance. The data show that these reforms are  actually working.  [[Page S5891]]  The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court found that agents complied  with FISA requirements 98 percent of the time. And the number of  searches of the 702 database fell by 95 percent from 2021 to 2022.  Obviously, this is not 100 percent. It is not perfection. But these are  commendable signs of progress.   (Ms. BUTLER assumed the Chair.)   Given the understandable concern here in Congress with reforming the  way section 702 operates, primarily as it applies to American citizens,  the NDAA gives us more time to get it right--something we have not had  to this point. Once it is signed into law, Congress will have until  April 19 to advance a longer term 702 reauthorization.   In both the House and the Senate, Members are diligently working to  reauthorize this authority in a way that protects the foundation of  this intelligence-gathering tool while strengthening privacy  protections for the American people.   As always, we have to ensure these enhanced protections don't create  new problems. We don't want to create inadvertently loopholes that  could be exploited by our adversaries or hamper law enforcement's  ability to hold criminals accountable.   I hope we can build on the progress that has been made by codifying  the FBI's changes and taking additional measures to protect the privacy  of the American people.   The information and dot-connecting that is made possible through 702  is absolutely essential. It allows us to stay a step ahead of our  adversaries and mitigate threats to the United States and the American  people. It is an invaluable and irreplaceable component of our national  security, and we need to be thoughtful and deliberate about the steps  we take to preserve it and, more importantly, to reform it.   I yield the floor.   