 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, since the President of the United States,  President Biden, took office, America's southern border has faced  unprecedented challenges. Unfortunately, none of these struggles seems  to have captured President Biden's attention--not the 5.4 million  border crossings or the more than 1.5 million ``got-aways''; not the  1.6 million pounds of illicit drugs that were seized by Border Patrol,  the 108,000 Americans who died last year from drug overdoses; not the  tractor/trailers filled with the bodies of dead migrants or city  sidewalks lined with people who have nowhere to go; not even the fact  that the cartels are making a fortune off the backs of vulnerable  migrants and fueling America's drug crisis.   The American people have been stunned by the scope and the scale of  President Biden's border crisis--and I call it that because it is a  result of his policies. But it has been going on for 2\1/2\ years now,  and the Biden administration doesn't seem to care. The administration  has tried to deflect, distract, even deceive the American people into  thinking things are just not that bad or maybe they could be worse. But  the spin doctors can only accomplish so much. We have continued to  learn about the many ways the Biden administration has fumbled its  mission at the southern border. And the consequences have been  absolutely devastating.   Reporting from the New York Times earlier this year looked at what  has happened to unaccompanied migrant children once they arrive into  the United States. Since President Biden took office, 300,000-- 300,000--unaccompanied children have arrived at the border. To be  clear, these children did not cross the border with their parents, but  they did get some help--mainly the coyotes or the human smugglers who,  for a fee, will smuggle people into the United States. But these  children, as we might expect, are particularly vulnerable as they make  this dangerous journey north in the custody of these criminal  organizations.   The sad reality is that many come to the United States in the care of  these criminals, and parents who paid smugglers thousands of dollars to  bring their children into the United States are taking an incredible  risk with their children. We know this journey is not safe, and it is  not easy. Many children are subjected to violence, exploitation, even  sexual abuse at the hands of these criminal smugglers. Many, as you  might expect, arrive in the United States traumatized and in poor  physical health.   Now, you would think that once these children have made this  dangerous journey across the southern border and they are taken from  the custody of the cartels to that of the U.S. Government, that they  would be safe. Unfortunately, we know that is not the case.   Of the more than 300,000 migrant children who arrived in the United  States on President Biden's watch, roughly 85,000 could not be  accounted for 30 days after they were placed with a sponsor.   Just to be clear, the process is, the Border Patrol receives these  unaccompanied children and has a responsibility to turn them over to  Health and Human Services and the Office of Refugee Relocation, or ORR,  who then proceeds to identify a sponsor in the United States where this  child may be sent to await an asylum hearing that will likely never  occur. But the problem is not just that this asylum hearing will not  likely ever be held, it is that these children may never be heard from  again as far as the Federal Government is concerned.  [[Page S2335]]    So the practice is, 30 days after the children are placed with  sponsors, the Federal Agency in charge is supposed to make a call, a  wellness call, to see how the child is doing. But as this chart  indicates, one out of three--in one out of three of these cases, there  is no answer. Nobody responds.   And that is the last contact or attempted contact the Biden  administration would have with these children or their sponsors,  because beyond that, they would say: Our job is done. It is up to the  child protective services agencies in the various States to take care  of these children. But we know they are already overwhelmed with foster  children and others just coming from the United States, much less  adding another 300,000 to that list.   So, of the 300,000 migrant children placed by this administration,  there are 85,000 cases where the child and the sponsor have never been  heard from again.   We don't know where these children are. The Biden administration  doesn't know where they are. We don't know whether they are being fed.  We don't know whether they are going to school. We don't know whether  they are being recruited into gangs. We don't know whether they are  being abused or neglected or sexually exploited, and the Biden  administration is fine with that because they don't care. I know that  may sound harsh, but the fact is, if they did care, they could fix it,  but they refuse to do so. The Biden administration has no idea what has  happened to these migrant children. It has effectively abandoned them.   Well, the obvious question is, How did this happen? Aren't there  policies in place that are designed to prevent this from happening? In  short, the answer is yes, there are, but nearly all of those guidelines  are set by the Agencies involved, not by Congress.   The Biden administration has full discretion to change its policies  regarding the placement of migrant children. They don't need to wait on  Congress to tell them; they can do it themselves. They have the ability  to determine who can actually sponsor these children and the sort of  vetting or background checks that would be necessary for the sponsors  to pass. They have the ability to set guidelines for followup calls and  wellness visits and other services that would ensure that these  children are not being exploited and that they are not being neglected.  The Biden administration has the complete authority to remove children  from the custody of a sponsor if the sponsor refuses to cooperate or  presents any sort of risk to the child.   In other words, the Biden administration made 85,000 phone calls to  sponsors with children they had placed with those sponsors. There was  no answer, and the sponsors cut off contact with the Agency. The Biden  administration could go and take those children away from the sponsors  because they have violated their agreements to cooperate with the U.S.  Government. Well, they haven't done that.   The short answer is, the Biden administration could do as much or as  little as it wants to protect these vulnerable children. Clearly it has  made the decision to do as little as possible to protect them.   Unsurprisingly, the administration's negligence has led to the  widespread mistreatment of migrant children. The New York Times has  documented story after story of young people who are working in  dangerous jobs in violation of State child labor laws--of children  working in meat processing plants, on construction sites, in factories,  and doing other dangerous jobs that are meant for adults, not children.  These children obviously aren't going to school. They are not  furthering their education. They are being forced into labor in  violation of State child labor laws. The New York Times has documented  it.   We also know from the New York Times' investigative stories that the  Health and Human Services Department--the Agency responsible for this  program--has received warning after warning that these children are at  risk. These warnings have come through government staffers, outside  contractors, and the Department's own hotline. Not only were  whistleblowers ignored, but many were silenced. They were pushed out of  their jobs. Some were retaliated against for trying to protect these  vulnerable migrant children.   Yes, once again, the Biden administration was well aware of this.  Health and Human Services Secretary Xavier Becerra knew about credible  reports about trafficking and abuse, but he continued to push for the  speedy placement of migrants with sponsors with little regard for the  dangers that created.   In other words, when the Biden administration had a public relations  problem--when we saw the crush of humanity at the border--their first  reaction was, let's move these migrants out of the border region as  fast as we can, and our public relations problem will go away.   So rather than making sure these children were protected, they  actually relaxed the vetting requirement for the sponsors. They haven't  even gone so far as to require background checks, criminal background  checks or otherwise, of other people living in the same households as  these children. They may have checked the sponsor himself or herself,  but if a house is full of other people, they need to check everybody in  the household to make sure they are not registered sex offenders or  that they don't have backgrounds of abusing or neglecting children or  otherwise. To solve the administration's public relations problem, they  just decided to move these kids through the system as fast as possible  and then wash their hands.   Then-Labor Secretary Marty Walsh was well aware of this situation.  Last year, the Department's investigators identified major instances of  child labor violations that took place in auto part factories and  meatpacking plants, and all of this information was made available to  the White House.   Until recently, Susan Rice served as the Director of the White  House's Domestic Policy Council. Her job required her to oversee  virtually every aspect of domestic policy matters, including the  placement of migrant children. Both Health and Human Services and the  Labor Department shared concerns about labor trafficking and child  labor violations, but those reports were either ignored by the White  House or were intentionally swept under the rug.   The Biden administration knew that countless numbers of migrant  children were in danger, but it did absolutely nothing. The  administration didn't just turn a blind eye; it intentionally tried to  cover up the widespread exploitation of migrant children. It is a  coverup.   In the wake of these damning reports, I wrote a letter to Chairman  Durbin of the Senate Judiciary Committee that was cosigned by every  Republican member of that committee, and we asked for a hearing on this  matter. We urged him to invite Biden administration leaders who failed  to act on these warnings to testify in person in front of the  committee, under oath. That included Secretary Becerra, former Labor  Secretary Walsh, and former White House adviser Susan Rice.   The chairman scheduled a hearing last month, but none--none--of these  officials bothered to show up, further indicating that they simply  don't care. In fact, this so-called oversight hearing did not include a  single Biden administration witness. How do you hold people accountable  for their negligence or their intentional acts that harm innocent,  vulnerable children if they can't be held accountable to show up for a  hearing and testify, if they are proud of what they did, to the  committee and the American people about what they did to protect these  vulnerable children? But they didn't bother to show up, indicating once  again that they simply don't care.   Now, after we pointed out to the chairman that the Biden  administration's witnesses were no-shows, he promised to hold a  followup hearing to make sure the Biden administration's witnesses  appeared. I intend to hold him to that promise, and I look forward to  the opportunity. I actually said: ``Thank you very much for doing  that.'' He didn't have to do that, but I think Chairman Durbin  understands that this is the right thing to do. So I appreciate his  willingness to hold a followup hearing with the Biden administration's  witnesses, and I look forward to the opportunity to ask those officials  who are charged with the care and custody of these vulnerable children  why they have shirked their responsibilities.  [[Page S2336]]    Now, the Biden administration may be fine with abandoning migrant  children in order to avoid a bad news cycle, but I am not, and I think  all fairminded Members of the Senate and the Congress are not.   I really question whether people are aware of what the situation is,  which is why I am here on the floor of the Senate today to talk about  it. I hope that once they become aware, they will become like me-- concerned that something has to change, that people need to be held  accountable, and that these children need to be protected.   If you were an American citizen and you treated an American citizen  child like the Biden administration has treated these migrant children  from other countries, you would be charged and convicted of the  reckless endangerment of a child or of human trafficking. In other  words, you would go to jail or prison if you treated an American  citizen child this way. So how is it the Biden administration gets off  with treating these migrant children with any less dignity and safety?   Well, in light of all of this reporting in the New York Times and  elsewhere, we need answers, we need accountability, and we need policy  changes to ensure that these practices come to an end. The Biden  administration owes the American people answers, not just Members of  Congress and not just members of the Senate Judiciary Committee. They  need to tell us what is being done to keep track of these children. How  are they ensuring their welfare? What is going to change to ensure that  these migrant children are not victims of inhumane labor practices or  worse?   Given everything that has happened over the last 2\1/2\ years, I have  no confidence in Secretary Becerra, Secretary Mayorkas, or President  Biden, because they know about the problem. They were warned about the  problem, but they didn't do anything about it, which tells me they just  don't care.   President Biden lives in a very nice government-provided house--the  White House. He is not personally affected by this unprecedented level  of human migration and the baffling pace of drug trafficking. He is not  personally affected by the fact that 108,000 Americans died last year  after consuming drugs that came across our southwestern border, and he  is certainly not personally affected by the mistreatment of these  migrant children, but it is his job. It is his responsibility. It is  our responsibility to make sure this comes to an end because this is  simply unacceptable.   Children endure abuse and exploitation on their journeys to the  United States. The current system is not compassionate, but they sure  shouldn't be met here on American soil with more of the same. We need  to prioritize the safety of these children as they await their  immigration court hearings. President Biden and his administration must  change and take responsibility for this gross exploitation of these  vulnerable children, and they need to take immediate action to end it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   