 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk that has been  approved by the Rules Committee.    Mr. Chair, this amendment prohibits the unelected and  unaccountable Delaware River Basin Commission, the Susquehanna River  Basin Commission, and the Interstate Commission on the Potomac River  from improving hydraulic fracturing regulations more stringent, more  stringent than those passed by the duly-elected State representatives  and Senate in which the regulation is to be implemented or enforced.   According to the Energy Information Administration, last year,  residential natural gas prices were the highest on record. That is  awesome. I am sure consumers love that.   The best way to combat these record-high prices is with more  competition; simply, more supply and demand. It is to produce more  natural gas in America in places like my home State of Pennsylvania,  the second-largest natural gas producer in the Nation.   Unfortunately, again, unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats at the  Delaware River Basin Commission have instituted a hydraulic fracturing  ban for a portion of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, stripping away  property rights and mineral rights from Pennsylvanians in contravention  of the will of their very own legislature.   The result is a prohibition on the development of critical shale  plays in eastern Pennsylvania that can bring desperately needed natural  gas to market and the unconstitutional taking of mineral rights of all  Pennsylvanians.   Using this playbook, radical environmentalists and unelected  bureaucrats will next prevent hydraulic fracturing in the Susquehanna  River Basin and the Potomac River Basin, as well.   The threat of this expansion undermines investor confidence and  exploration and development projects throughout the Commonwealth and  further restricts domestic natural gas production.   To be clear, this amendment simply clarifies that these three  commissions cannot impose restrictions more stringent than those passed  by the State in which the regulation is being implemented or enforced.   It makes no changes to the ability of States to regulate hydraulic  fracturing as they see fit, as their legislatures see fit, as their  citizens see fit. This means  [[Page H1593]]  it would have zero impact on existing fracturing bans in the State of  New York.   Instead, this amendment simply makes clear that Pennsylvanians can  use their property and mineral rights as they see fit, subject to the  Pennsylvania laws passed by their elected representatives, the way it  is supposed to be done.   Enough is enough already. It is time to stop this underhanded attack  on property rights, representative government, and State sovereignty  and restore American energy security.   Opposition to this amendment is support for a hydraulic fracturing  ban and for higher natural gas prices for your constituents and your  citizens.   I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and rein in these  unelected bureaucrats waging war on Americans in their very homes and  support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. Armstrong).    Mr. Chairman, if you don't want to vote for this, I get  it. You can tell your constituents at home that you stand for people  that are unelected. Most folks at home have never even heard of the  Delaware River Basin Commission. They don't even know about interstate  compacts.   Here is what they know: They want to live their lives, and they want  to vote for elected officials to make decisions that are important to  them. If it is so dangerous, how come it is banned here but not there?  In the rest of Pennsylvania, we do it.   Mr. Chairman, this is just taking the people's rights away, their  voices away from their elected officials, and it is literally the  definition of tyranny.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote for my amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk that has  been approved by the Rules Committee.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment repeals section 115 of the  Clean Air Act. This vital amendment protects the autonomy of the States  over their own energy sectors by ensuring that unelected, unaccountable  EPA bureaucrats cannot seize control over these vital industries under  the guise of emissions reductions.   The Constitution clearly reserves this power to the States, and it is  long overdue that we bring Federal policies back in line with the very  Constitution that we swore an oath to.   Section 115 gives EPA the authority to impose emission reductions on  the States if the administrator finds, based on the word of some  international organization--just based on their good word--that  American air pollution endangers the public health and welfare of  another country. Imagine if we could do that to China? The  administrator determines that that country will lower their emissions a  commensurate amount.   Put a different way, section 115 allows the EPA to rely on the  credibility of the same international elites who misled us about COVID  to force our  [[Page H1594]]  constituents to change every aspect of their lives because some  European nation thought it would be great to do the same thing. Now, we  would have to do the same thing.   This is no longer a hypothetical.   Since President Biden reentered the Paris climate agreement, it can  be argued that these conditions have been met and EPA can immediately  impose devastating requirements as it was argued when the Obama  administration first entered the agreement. Subjecting such an  important sector of our economy to the whims of foreign bureaucrats is  downright reckless and hands U.S. sovereignty over to a foreign  ideologue--not even foreign governments, just foreign bureaucrats.   Removing the broadly written language in section 115 is the only way  to prevent the delegation of nearly unlimited power over State energy  sectors to the EPA bureaucrats and removes the ability of international  organizations to meddle in our energy sector.   It is vital that we prevent this Federal power grab before it imposes  devastating economic consequences by empowering the States to meet the  needs and interests of their own citizens.   Language to prevent the use of section 115 of the Clean Air Act has  passed the House three times under Republican majorities: Twice in the  115th Congress and once in the 114th.   To those who view this amendment as premature because the  administration has not yet acted under section 115, the impact was  never questioned in the past. How many times do we have to wake up and  say, well, I didn't think they would do it? I didn't think they would  actually defund the police. I didn't think they would have the IRS show  up at the guy's house when he was testifying in Congress.   Heaven forbid, I didn't believe they would actually try and ban my  gas stove. I thought they were just kidding around. They didn't really  mean it. They do mean it.   We know the administration is going to do so because the radical  environmental groups that control their agenda have come out and said  it.   Here are a couple examples. The League of Conservation Voters:  ``While there has been limited use of section 115, numerous scholars  have advocated for its use as a pathway to reduce greenhouse gas  emissions, particularly since the Paris Agreement.''   How about Foreign Policy for America: This amendment would undermine  EPA's authority for ``its potential future applications to greenhouse  gases.'' Yeah, we want to undermine their authority and make the  authority of the States preeminent. The authority of citizens should be  preeminent.   Preemptively removing this authority from the administration before  they can act is vital to U.S. sovereignty and our economic well-being.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support for this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. Armstrong), since I know he wants to  speak favorably about me.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   