 Mr. Speaker, let me just ask you this: Are we  capitalist, or are we socialist?  [[Page H637]]    I am glad to join my colleagues in denouncing socialism in all forms.  Socialism is the greatest threat to our economy and freedom and must be  defeated.   Worldwide, socialism has led to the death of more than 100 million  people, has forced thousands to flee in exile, and has turned  prosperous nations into impoverished and hopeless nations.   Socialism is not winning in America and has no place in our country.  We are a nation of opportunity and incentive and because of those  principles, we are a nation of hope where everyone can benefit.   What sets America apart from the rest of the world is the drive to  reach our fullest potential coupled with a free market economy. It is  what makes us the greatest economic engine in the world.   The opposite of socialism is capitalism, and I am proud to call  myself a capitalist. Capitalism is about taking responsibility for what  you create and making it even greater. It is about going from nothing  to going to something. It is about taking risks and getting rewards,  not government handouts or freebies.   Capitalism has been the greatest force in the history of our world  for lifting people out of poverty, and we must instill this value that  we have in future generations.   As a small business owner for 52 years, I represent Main Street  America. Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, the implications of what  socialism would mean for our businesses are alarming and scary. Main  Street was built by men and women who wanted to swing for the fences  because, at the end of the day, there is a desire to dream bigger, to  dream bolder, to turn dreams into a vision, and visions into reality.   America must always lead the fight against socialism and communism.  We must always defend the principles of the American Dream and ensure  our future generations have the same opportunities to build something  for themselves.   We must never forget the tragedies socialism has caused for countries  around the world.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues--everybody--to support this  resolution denouncing the horrors of socialism and opposing the  implementation of socialist policies in the United States.   Bottom line: socialism bad, capitalism good.   In God We Trust.   