 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in full support of my  amendment to H.R. 4664.   Congress alone has the ability to authorize new programs.  Unfortunately, this past year we saw the SBA get around this basic fact  and effectively made a pilot program permanent through the rulemaking  process. This is unacceptable, and this amendment makes it clear that  the agency must respect the rule of law and not skirt congressional  authority.   This amendment would prevent the SBA from creating any new lending  programs. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the SBA took an outsized role  in the economy. Unfortunately, the after-action reports show the SBA's  track record was awful, horrible. SBA's inspector general estimates  that between $200 billion and $600 billion of American taxpayer dollars  from pandemic lending was lost to fraud.   Think about how large that number is. The entire FSGG bill we are  debating today has a top line appropriation number of $25 billion. This  agency alone had almost 10 times this amount of fraud flow through the  agency.   Where did it go? Well, we know it went to people who phonied up their  Social Security numbers. We know it went to people who said they were  somebody when they weren't. We also know it went to foreign nationals.   Now, in the private sector, where I come from, something with such a  poor track record would be shut down, not given additional  responsibilities. This amendment would stop any additional attempts for  the SBA to simply decide they can take on more lending activities.   In the Committee on Small Business we have worked to hold the SBA  accountable for its shortcomings and to increase transparency. With  many rule changes imposed by the SBA just this year, my amendment is a  commonsense approach that continues to build on the committee's mission  to restore and preserve the integrity of the agency.   Mr. Chair, the SBA should focus on their core mission, which is  helping entrepreneurs, Main Street America, capitalism, and what this  economy is all about. Let's get them back on that mission to where we  can get our economy going and small business can rely on what the SBA  says and does. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have a hard time relating this  bill to Ukraine and Putin, which we just heard. Risk reward is a great  thing. Taking a risk and getting a reward is what made America great.  We find ourselves trying to fight for that all the time.   The SBA is needed for Main Street America. It is needed for small  business, but it needs to be fluid. It needs to be capitalized  properly. The SBA has misplaced $200 billion, as the auditor has said.  We need to find that. The SBA doesn't need to be getting bigger right  now. It actually needs to be getting smaller. Let's get this $200  billion and put it back in the economy so Main Street America can take  advantage of it. That is why this bill is important.   In closing, Mr. Chair, I think this bill is important. I think it is  going to actually help the SBA. It needs to be passed. The SBA is a  great agency when it is cooking on all cylinders, but it is not doing  that right now. Let's get them back in line. Let's get them to a size  that they can compete with and help Main Street America and get our  economy going again.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   