 Madam Speaker, I rise today to discuss H.R. 26, the  Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act that passed out of the  House last week unanimously on one side but divided on the other,  except for one vote from a colleague from Texas.   I understand that the Nation is divided on the topic of abortion, but  that is not what this bill is. This bill is to protect a living soul  that survived a traumatic event.   This is one that I have been losing sleep over, and I wanted to add  my perspective from someone who fought in two wars. What I don't  understand is why we are divided because when I was overseas and my  teammates and I, my brothers and sisters in arms, were actively  engaging the Taliban, al-Qaida, ISIS, and at any moment, whether it was  an ambush or an IED, if a hostile act was being presented to us and  that individual relinquished their weapons, decreased their aggressive  posture, we were to do the exact same.   If that terrorist, if that individual, was injured or shot, we were  to render medical aid. We were to act humanely even after they just  tried to kill us. If necessary, we would life-flight them to the same  hospital that an American soldier would go to, period.   That rule of law was passed out of this body unanimously. Every  Member in this House demanded that American soldiers treat every human  humanely, period.   That rule protects individuals that, because of the color of your  skin, they would crucify, torture, and kill you; that because of your  religious practices, if it was not in accordance with theirs, they  would lock you in a cage and throw you in a lake. If they did not agree  with who you were, what you were, and how you were, they would  mercilessly hunt you down and execute you.   What I don't understand is how this body could unanimously pass a law  that would protect somebody who absolutely despises our way of life,  but we cannot come together to protect an innocent child that survived  an abortion. I don't understand that.   I know that everyone in here is a mother, a father, a grandparent, an  aunt, or an uncle, and at any moment walking down the street, if there  was a child in duress, you would kill yourself to get to them and save  them, but because this child survived abortion, you are going to turn  your back and vote not to give them medical care.   If this ever presents itself back to this body, I humbly take a knee  and ask that you change your vote and vote ``yes'' to protect these  children.   