 Mr. President, what if it was your family in these body  bags? What if your wife, your daughter, or your mom were raped,  tortured, and killed? What if videos of your baby or your grandchild  being massacred were posted all over social media? What if a month had  passed and there has been no meaningful action from your ally, the most  powerful nation in the world?   I stand here today to right this wrong. Today, we will show the world  that, once again, America will be there to do justice, to stand up for  humanity, and ensure Hamas does not become more powerful.   As I stand in this Chamber, we have the opportunity to send a real  message to Iran and its terrorist proxies that we will stop their  hatred and evil from spreading.   This morning, I rise in support of the bipartisan, House-passed,  standalone legislation to provide aid to the people of Israel, our  strongest ally in the Middle East, during their ongoing war with Hamas.  It is hard to believe that today marks a month--a month--since the  October 7 savage attacks by the Hamas army of terror on the people of  Israel.   Hamas unleashed an attack that was worse than animals, killing  thousands of Israelis and 36 American citizens. And, right now, there  are as many as 240 people taken hostage by these savages that only know  one language: death and destruction.   Right now, there are families of hostages here at the U.S. Capitol  begging for their loved ones to be no longer tortured, for their loved  ones to reach safety from the grips of this evil army of terror.   Time is of the essence. And it is imperative that the Senate not  delay delivering this crucial aid to Israel another day. A timely  military aid package with a unified voice from Congress showing support  for Israel will not only add to Israel's stability, it will slow down  and hopefully stop the evil plots of Hamas, Iran, and its proxies.    Our bill provides military assistance and resources to Israel at the  exact spending levels the Biden administration has requested. And I  want to emphasize: These are the exact spending levels President Biden  put forth that he agrees Israel needs in this time of war.   You can imagine my surprise--and the surprise of many--to hear that  our Commander in Chief, admitting to a significant security crisis in  the Middle East, has threatened to veto this aid package.   Now, think about this. Our President is threatening to veto the aid  he requested from Congress. With this veto, he would snatch defeat from  the jaws of victory. And why? ``Why?'' many, many people are asking.  Just because it isn't being leveraged for a $105 billion boondoggle  package with another blank check to another unending war in Ukraine.   Today, we plan on calling the President's bluff and delivering this  critical standalone measure in a bipartisan victory for the White  House. We must fast-track this much needed assistance to one of our  staunchest allies: the people of Israel.   If this military aid and our strong message of support is not  delivered soon, Israel will find itself fighting a war on three fronts.  We know that Iran has those capabilities; that through their proxy  forces, they have the ability to send long-range missiles to Israel  from Lebanon and Yemen.   Helping our ally who is fighting a war from all angles against Hamas  shouldn't require a prolonged battle here in Congress. This is a no- brainer and should have been done yesterday--or the week before.   The support for this package to Israel is bipartisan and bicameral.  Again, our legislation honors the spending levels outlined by the Biden  administration for Israel and keeps aid to Israel separate from the  other conflicts.   What I want to make perfectly clear to every American is that our  standalone package is an opportunity to secure a huge, bipartisan win  for all of humankind and get aid to Israel quickly. The legislation we  brought to the floor today ensures that funding for Israel is not  coupled with a billion dollars of additional moneys in aid to Ukraine,  Taiwan, or for a mass amnesty program at the border.   By passing this standalone spending bill today, the Senate will  expedite the arrival of the assistance to Israel after the House and  our newly elected Speaker,   Mike Johnson, passed with bipartisan  support.   Now, many of us have concerns about the Ukraine conflict. But until  the White House answers the 12 questions posed by the House, including  the need for an inspector general and a clear-cut peace strategy, many  of us will continue to block sending billions more in dollars to what  looks like a stalemate that has already, tragically, cost over 200,000  lives.   Here in the home front, what is even more disheartening for the  American people is this White House embrace of open-border policies  that has allowed almost 10 million--that is right, we are approaching  10 million illegal crossings of our border, making every State a border  State and every American less safe.   And it is a poke in the eye to every Member of Congress who has been  to  [[Page S5376]]  the border and advocated for border security. This President sends us a  $105 billion bill, gaslighting the American people with a small  fraction of this money going to Israel, and funds to make our border  even more porous--more open--with an asylum-assist program on steroids.   This is a slap in the face and disrespectful for the families who  have lost a loved one to the fentanyl crisis, for the communities who  are overwhelmed by our open borders, and for every American who feels  less and less safe in their own homes every day. This package the White  House has given us is the only unserious package in town, jammed with  very serious topics, and each of these issues should be debated fully,  completely, and individually.   But today, on this Senate floor, we have the opportunity to make a  difference for the people of Israel and all mankind. The legislation we  brought to the floor would provide $14 billion to Israel, including  $3.5 billion for foreign military financing and $200 million in  diplomatic funding to help protect the U.S. Embassy and personnel.   This bill would provide funding for the Iron Dome and Iron Beam  defense systems. It will allow the United States to stockpile more  weapons in Israel and provide more funding to protect U.S. Embassies.   Importantly, this bill strips all aid to Gaza, which we know is  frequently commandeered by Hamas.   All this will make Israel safer and help stop this war. And, yes,  Israel has the right to defend itself and to defend its people.   Our legislation is a real opportunity to find common ground and unite  here to help our allies. It passed with 226 bipartisan votes in the  House. Let's stop playing politics and pass this stand-alone bill for  Israel right now. The House moved quickly to deliver this legislation  to us here in the Senate. We should do the same and get it to the  President's desk today.   Today, I am pleased to be joined by one of my colleagues from the  great State of Ohio, Senator Vance, in leading this effort in the  Senate and pushing for its passage today so we don't delay this  critical funding for our greatest ally in the Middle East, Israel, and  stop the spread of terror.   I yield to the gentleman from Ohio.    As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 6126,  which was received from the House. I further ask that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, this has certainly been one of the most  substantive debates we have had up here--very meaningful and very  important to myself--because it exposes what our priorities are as  Senators to everybody across the Nation.   Today, I heard lots of arguments on why we should combine funding.  People essentially want to leverage support for Israel for their own  priorities. Again, there were lots of arguments on why we should  combine the funding, but I didn't hear one meaningful argument that  describes why we should not fund Israel singularly. Why shouldn't we  just do it by itself? There is near unanimous agreement up here. This  is a great opportunity to say, indeed, this is the time to support  Israel. No one is abandoning Ukraine today. We are not abandoning  Taiwan today.   But it is interesting to me that no one talked about the concern of  the corruption in Ukraine, talked about their federal government  nationalizing communications companies, the fact that Poland and  Hungary and other countries are leaving them and saying that they don't  support the war anymore.   No one is talking about peace. No one is talking about the 200,000  people who have already died in Ukraine. Are those bodies--are those  people not important as well? Why isn't America leading a peace  agreement?   Time is of the essence. Time is of the essence. But, as we can tell  today, we can debate each and every one of these topics until the Sun  sets here, until the Sun rises in Israel, but there is not unanimous-- not near unanimous support for Ukraine without some certain questions  being answered. Lots of questions need to be answered. Is there a plan?   Look at the schedules this week. Why are we talking about some type  of supplemental bill on the floor? Why don't we have it on the floor  yet? If we were serious up here, if my leaders across the aisle and at  the White House were serious, they would have had something on the  floor last week. This is the administration that takes a week to decide  to send an aircraft carrier when our allies are in need. The schedule  this week is embarrassing, what we are spending time on up here.   I want to go back to priorities. I think so often all these causes  are important, and we all agree that we need to address each and every  one of them, but if I listen to my friends across the aisle, they would  describe Ukraine as the priority.   I don't think anyone back home can really take the President's  supplemental bill as serious when he actually makes the border more  open. Ten million people have crossed the border illegally under his  watch, and what he throws into this supplemental package is actually  going to increase the number of people crossing the border illegally.  The priority should be to fix a broken immigration system and to secure  the border; that at the end of the day, there are less people crossing  the border illegally, not more; that we need a policy that turns off  this magnet of asking people to come here.   At the end of the day, what it looks like to me is my friends across  the aisle want to take this opportunity of support for Israel and  leverage it to pass their votes for their own agenda--an agenda of an  open border, endless funding for an endless war in Ukraine.   Every day I wake up, I pray that I would do justice, that I would  love mercy, and I would like to think that would be true of every  Member of the Senate.   The argument today is not about the IRS. It is not about what is  happening in the House. It is about what we are saying. It is about  what we are doing and our willingness to stand up and fight in this  case for the people of Israel. But this is a battle that goes way  beyond just a battle between the people of Israel and the Hamas army of  terror; this is a battle for the future of humankind.   We have encountered 179 known terrorists on the watch list, 60,000  aliens of interest have crossed our border, and the numbers go on. Just  this week, they caught a terrorist who was released at the border,  caught in New York as well.   This is about doing what is fair, what is right, and what is just. We  may disagree on Ukraine. We may disagree on what we should do in  Taiwan. We definitely disagree on what we should do at the border. And  I will admit to you, I could be wrong on Ukraine. It will take history  50 or 100 or 200 years to find out who was right or wrong on Ukraine.  But I am telling you this. You can take this to the bank: I am right on  securing the border, and I am right on supporting Israel.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   