 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to announce that radical  criminal justice legislation passed by the Washington, D.C. Council  appears to be headed for defeat, thanks to widespread rejection by  House Republicans.   The legislation in question, known as the revised Criminal Code Act  of 2022, eliminates mandatory minimum sentences for a long list of  crimes, while also reducing maximum sentences for things like first- degree burglary, armed burglary, and first-degree sexual assault.   This law being advanced by the far left, D.C. local politicians  handcuffs the courts and empowers convicted criminals to get back out  on the streets in record time.   Not only is this legislation misguided, but it comes at the height of  a crime wave currently ravaging Capitol Hill.   Over the last year, our Nation's Capital has seen a 76 percent  increase in carjackings, a 17 percent increase in homicides and a 117  percent uptick in sexual assaults.   To fight this scourge, we need to be taking a harder line on  criminals, not coddling them like this justice reform package would do.   When the RCCA came before the House of Representatives for  congressional review, House Republicans stood united in our opposition  to this proposal. I am glad 31 of our Democratic colleagues did the  right thing for the people of Washington, D.C., and crossed the aisle  to stand with the Republican Conference in opposing the bill.   Now it appears a bipartisan group from the Senate will be joining  myself and our House colleagues to defeat the RCCA, with President  Biden also poised to lend his support.   Safeguarding our streets should never be a partisan issue, and common  sense must always remain at the forefront of legislators' minds. I am  glad such common sense seems to be winning the day in this case.   During my career as an NYPD detective, I served alongside law  enforcement professionals of differing political persuasions,  religions, and cultural backgrounds. Let me remind everyone that when  people call 911, we never ask what political party they are from. What  united us as cops was our commitment to serving the people and  protecting the public from criminals.   Now, as a Member of Congress, I will continue that service by  combating far-left attacks on our criminal justice system and  forcefully reject radical legislation much like the RCCA and the  criminal justice reform put in place by Democrats in my home State of  New York.   I will always advocate for safe streets and prosperous communities.  That is my pledge to you, and that is our House Republican commitment  to America.   