 Madam President, I would like to talk about fentanyl. It is  cheap, it is highly addictive, and it is deadly. It is responsible for  more overdose deaths in America than any other drug. Last year alone,  110,000 Americans died from fentanyl poisoning in America.   I recently joined a U.S. delegation to Mexico focused on stopping  illicit drug trafficking, curbing illegal immigration at the U.S.- Mexico border, and addressing China's role in providing precursor  chemicals for fentanyl production and laundering money for the cartels.   I can say that the drug crisis spilling into our country is apparent  to anyone willing to travel to the border and witness it for  themselves. It is becoming more and more apparent every day. In fact,  it is becoming more apparent even within Mexico.   During my recent visit with President Lopez Obrador in Mexico, I  heard him talk about the fact that, although in many instances, with  many other drugs, drug production in Mexico has often been sending  drugs just to the United States, at least far more than it has to  Mexico, but with fentanyl, we are seeing something different. We are  seeing that fentanyl is now spilling into the Mexican market, and many  Mexican citizens are starting to die from fentanyl poisoning.   So he, too, is concerned about it and is looking for ways he can make  sure that China keeps closer track of the precursor chemicals and that  the Government of Mexico is notified when those shipments of large- scale containers of these precursor chemicals arrive in Mexico,  presumably for the production of fentanyl inside of Mexico.   Yet, notwithstanding all these developments and 110,000 Americans  dying in the last year alone from fentanyl, the Biden administration  has utterly failed to stop this massive influx of fentanyl flowing  across our southern border. In fact, fentanyl is one of the only  commodities to see a price decrease since Biden took office. We have  seen rampant inflation everywhere else but not with fentanyl. So  despite this historic inflation that we have been experiencing ever  since January 21, 2021, street prices for this deadly drug have fallen,  indicating supply is meeting demand without significant impediment,  [[Page S1232]]  bringing down the price. For example, in Arizona, users were paying $20  per pill in early 2021, but by early 2022, the price had plummeted to  $5. In Ohio, the cost of fentanyl went from $75,000 per kilogram in  2017 to $50,000 in 2019 and then to $36,000 in 2021.   This is the last of the places where we want to see the opposite of  inflation. We wish that our consumer products at grocery stores and  everywhere else were going down, not the price of illegal, deadly  fentanyl.   To put these numbers in perspective, we have been talking about the  price per kilo--$75,000 per kilo a few years ago; and then 50,000 in  2019; and then 36,000 in 2021. To put it in perspective, each of those  kilos--just 1 kilo of fentanyl contains half a million lethal doses.  That is to say, 1 kilogram could wipe out the entire city of Atlanta,  GA; and 1 kilo could essentially wipe out the entire population of the  State of Wyoming. And 2 kilos could kill the entire State of Delaware.   The DEA recently announced the seizure of more than 50 million  fentanyl-laced pills and more than 10,000 pounds of fentanyl powder,  just in 2022 alone. These seizures--that no doubt just represent a  fraction of all fentanyl that made its way into the United States  without detection and seizure--represented a staggering 379 million  lethal doses, far more than enough to kill every man, every woman, and  every child in the United States.   Fentanyl is a killer. It is more powerful than morphine and has a  potency that is measured in micrograms. Even a tiny amount can be  lethal. Just 2 milligrams can kill an adult. That is why, when you  measure this out, 2 milligrams--or 2,000 micrograms--going into a  kilogram is going to get you to half a million lethal doses in 1 kilo.   It is just unconscionable for this administration to turn a blind eye  to the problem of fentanyl trafficking across the border. In the face  of such a lethal threat, we need to have bold and decisive action, not  empty rhetoric, because the drug cartels really don't care about party  politics. They only care about making money. And that money is coming  from the pockets of our fellow Americans suffering from addiction.   This isn't just a problem for border States like Texas and Arizona.  It is a threat to every community in America. It is sold on street  corners in small towns and in big cities. It is killing our friends,  our neighbors, and our loved ones.   We must secure our borders to disrupt the drug cartels. We cannot  tacitly allow fentanyl and other deadly drugs to continue flowing into  our communities and destroying the lives of our everyday citizens.   Now, yes, it is true, they are working to seize the stuff; and our  law enforcement agents have seized a lot of it. But with millions of  people crossing into our border--our southern border--over the last  slightly more than 2 years--millions of people pouring in--it is making  it worse, especially when you consider those same people are being  trafficked into the United States, earning billions of dollars--the  extortionate rates that they charge--to smuggle human traffic into the  United States. It would be folly to assume, as the Secretary of  Homeland Security recently suggested at a hearing before the Senate  Judiciary Committee, that that doesn't play a very significant role in  fentanyl making its way into the United States. He insisted that nearly  all of the fentanyl comes in by way of vehicles--trucks and passenger  vehicles--at points of entry. I don't know how he can possibly know  that. In fact, it is impossible he could know that, because when you  have 5 million people coming into the United States illegally through  our southern border in slightly more than 2 years, it would be folly to  assume that those people being trafficked by the drug traffickers  wouldn't also be used to carry fentanyl.   In short, every pill of fentanyl is a potential killer. Every  shipment of fentanyl is a ticking time bomb, if not a weapon of mass  destruction. And every life lost to fentanyl is a tragedy.   We owe it to ourselves, our families, and our communities to tackle  this problem and to do everything in our power to stamp out the scourge  of this drug in American communities.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed  [[Page S1240]]  to the consideration of S. Res. 164, which is at the desk; further,  that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that  the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table  with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, for half a century, the Heritage Foundation  has worked to build a United States where freedom, opportunity,  prosperity, and civil society flourish. Their unwavering commitment to  our Nation's core principles has been a guiding light for generations,  and we owe them our deepest gratitude.   In 1972, the Heritage Foundation was conceived by Dr. Edwin J.  Feulner and Paul Weyrich to deliver timely and persuasive research to  Congress with facts, with data, and sound arguments on behalf of  principles that promote freedom, opportunity, and prosperity for all  Americans.   On February 16, 1973, the Heritage Foundation opened its doors for  the first time and quickly grew to become one of the most influential  and most broadly supported think tanks in the United States.   Over the past 50 years, the Heritage Foundation has played a critical  role in many great legislative successes of our great country. They  published the ``Mandate for Leadership'' in 1981, which served as a  ``policy bible'' for President Ronald Reagan in his administration.   In 1982, the Heritage Foundation published the first comprehensive  study outlining a missile defense system to defend the United States  from nuclear missile attacks. Six months later, President Reagan made  his historic speech calling for a strategic defense initiative to  protect the United States.   Research by the Heritage Foundation formed the basis for welfare  reform in the 1990s, resulting in more than 5 million people in the  United States leaving welfare, finding work, and, ultimately, reducing  African-American child poverty to historic lows.   The Heritage Foundation understands that the people of the United  States are best served by a government that understands, honors, and  respects self-governance. They have been a voice of reason and an  advocate for our shared American values, reminding us of the power of  individual liberty and the importance of limited government. Their  dedication to promoting a society based on these ideals has helped  shape the course of our Nation, and we are all better off for it.   As we look back on the past 50 years, we should remember the  incredible impact of the Heritage Foundation on our Nation. Their  legacy is one of service, and we are grateful for their unfailing  commitment to our country.   I urge my colleagues to support my resolution recognizing the  important contributions at the Heritage Foundation to American life  over the past 50 years and acknowledging their central role in shaping  our Nation's policies and values.   As we move forward, the challenges facing our country continue to  grow. We need the Heritage Foundation now more than ever. Their  expertise, research, and dedication to our shared values are crucial.  They will continue to be a force for good in the years to come, and I  am proud to stand with them to support a better, brighter, and more  prosperous future for all Americans.    Mr. President, moments ago, when I asked to pass this  resolution honoring the Heritage Foundation by unanimous consent,  moments before I made that motion, I was informed of this policy, a  policy that I have never seen. After more than 12 years in the Senate,  I haven't seen this policy.   It is a policy within the Judiciary Committee--not a rule but a  policy--but a policy that is seldom employed. I have never seen it  invoked. There are a couple of requirements in it. One is that a  commemorative resolution, in order to be approved for clearance for  passage by unanimous consent on the floor with the approval of the  committee, would need to be bipartisan.   I want to be clear that while this was not bipartisan, I invited  Democrats to join in this. I genuinely think they should be willing to  join it in the same sense that I would be willing to join them in  something honoring Brookings or some other think tank. This group has  done good work, and there is nothing in the resolution that commits  them to substantively embracing every policy recommendation in the  Heritage Foundation's past.   So that one should be easily satisfiable. I hope to get to that point  at some point. It is unfortunate that we can't get this passed today,  but I would love to be able to do that.   The other one is that no measure may commemorate any entity that is  political. Heritage Foundation is a 501(c)(3), and it is a charitable  nonprofit entity. It is not political, and it also can't commemorate a  living person. This is there to commemorate an institution, a  foundation--not an individual.   So even though I wasn't aware of this policy until today, I think  there is no strong reason why this should stop us from doing this. In  any event, I hope we can get this passed, if not today, then on some  other day soon.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   