 Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose this misguided  resolution, which will tie the hands of investors from doing their jobs  and will hurt the retirement savings of millions of hardworking  Americans.   The evidence is clear. Companies that adopt thoughtful policies to  manage their environmental, social, and governance risks outperform  those that don't. I will say that again. Companies that have thoughtful  policies to manage their environmental, social, and governance risks  outperform those that don't.   Don't believe me? Ask the shareholders of BP, whose stock fell more  than 50 percent after the Gulf oilspill, wiping out billions of dollars  of shareholder value; or Volkswagen, whose stock fell 45 percent after  they were caught cheating on emissions tests.   How about Norfolk Southern? They are in the news lately. Their stock  is tanking because of their inattention to managing the safety of their  operations.   The fact is that environmental, social, and governance issues are  financially material to company performance. Any investor who knows  what they are doing would be foolish to ignore those factors.   I know this because, as State treasurer and as an investor in the  private sector, I have spent the last 10 years studying corporate  performance. ESG issues matter.   Even if you don't agree with me, even if you think that environmental  and social issues are not material to performance, you ought to at  least believe  [[Page H936]]  that, in a free market, investors should have the power to make their  own decisions and to choose which factors they think are material or  not.   Let them use their professional judgment. Don't try to police what  investors are thinking when they are making decisions.   Why is it that the Republican majority, which claims to be the party  of limited government and free markets, is abandoning its free-market  principles and trying to dictate to investors what they have to think?  It makes no sense.   If anyone was wondering what this is about, it is not about free  markets. It is not, certainly, about protecting workers' retirement  security.    I will just say again, let's be honest about what this  debate is really about. It is not about protecting worker retirement  savings. If we were serious about that, we would be saying that ESG is  material and should be considered.   It is not about free-market principles.   Could it be that it has to do with the oil and gas industry pouring  tens of millions of dollars into campaign accounts on the Republican  side? Could that be what is driving this?   Well, I think we see now where the priorities of our colleagues on  the Republican side lie--not with workers, not with free-market  principles, but with doing the bidding of the oil and gas industry.   