 Madam President, the United States and China should  talk. The United States wants to, but the leadership of the Chinese  Communist Party--the CCP--does not. And, frankly, the leadership of the  CCP is acting like a sullen teenager. You can only be young once, but  you can always be immature.   Talking does not show weakness. It shows strength. It shows  confidence. America is confident. In refusing to talk, the Chinese  Communist Party and its insecurities are loud.   Now, the United States, as you know from recent media reports, has  tried to talk to China, and we have had some success. Recently, not  that long ago, our National Security Advisor and our Commerce Secretary  met with their Chinese counterparts. I understand they had good  discussions.   I had hoped that that might be a start, but I was wrong. The CCP  proved me wrong. For instance, our Defense Secretary, the weekend  before last, I believe, was at the annual Singapore Security  Conference. Our Defense Secretary asked to meet with Chinese defense  officials, a fairly routine request.   The defense officials from China snubbed it.   Further, on May 26--you may have read about this in the media--a  Chinese fighter jet flew within 400 yards of a U.S. reconnaissance  plane flying above the South China Sea in international waters--in  international waters. The U.S. plane had to fly threw the Chinese  fighter jet's wake, which is very dangerous. It was an unmistakable  attempt by the Chinese Communist Party to intimidate.   Further still, just this past weekend, a Chinese naval ship came  within 150 yards of a U.S. missile destroyer, yet another intentional  and dangerous act. The U.S. ship was in the Taiwan Strait along with a  Canadian warship. Both the U.S. ship and the Canadian ship had every  right to be there. This was another unmistakable attempt by China to  intimidate.   Additionally, hardly a day goes by that the CCP doesn't release a  statement denigrating the American people and accusing the United  States of wanting to suppress and even destroy China.   Let me be clear. The United States of America does not want to  suppress China. The United States of America does not want to destroy  China. All we want is for China to become and to act like a responsible  member of a stable world order that follows international rules and  norms. And that is all the world wants too.   All we want and all the world wants is for China to stop its  aggression. All we want and all the world wants is for China to stop  manipulating its currency.   All we want and all the world wants is for China to leave Taiwan  alone. All we want and all the world wants is for China to end its  attempt to militarize the South China Sea and the East China Sea, which  are international waters.   All we want and all the world wants is for China to stop poisoning  our children with fentanyl. Stop it.   All we want and all the world wants is for China to end its ``debt  trap'' diplomacy through its Belt and Road Initiative and other loan  schemes.   All we want and all the world wants is for China to cease using its  economic power to bully other sovereign countries--like Australia, like  Lithuania--when those countries offer an opinion the Communist Party of  China doesn't like.   All we want and all the world wants is for China to tell us the  truth--the truth--about how the COVID virus started, or at least work  with us and other countries so we can find out.   I could, of course, continue this list, but I won't.   So let me repeat. The United States and China should talk. The  advantages are and ought to be obvious.   Why should we talk? To avoid military conflict. It is a pretty good  start. To avoid miscalculation. The more silence there is between us,  the more Beijing underestimates American strength.   Why should we talk? To limit the risk of accidental confrontation, to  pursue bilateral detente, because our economies are interwoven, because  our economies are stronger together if everyone plays by the rules.   Why should we talk? To seek peace in Ukraine; to develop a mutual  plan for how we should respond to advancements in technology, like  artificial intelligence, like quantum computing; to talk about space;  to discuss fair trade policies for products that don't have national  security implications.   Why should we talk? To prepare for the next pandemic--it is just a  thought--to develop cheaper and cleaner energy, to avoid nuclear war,  to avoid destroying the human race.   Look, if China doesn't want to talk, that would be a shame. But it is  hard to fix somebody who doesn't want to be fixed. It would also be  China's loss. It would be China's loss not to talk.   For years, China has tried to portray itself to the world as mighty,  as successful, as peace-loving. And I hope someday China is all of  those things.   China, for years, has tried to portray itself to the world as a  gentle giant. For a while, it worked. It worked until it didn't. The  world now sees a different China. The world now sees a China that  mismanaged COVID, that is on the wrong side of the Ukraine war, that is  destroying Hong Kong, that has militarized the South and East China  Seas.   The world now sees a China that punishes its own people--the Uighurs  and the good people of Tibet--that denies even the most basic civil  rights to its Han Chinese majority, including the right to self- determine, including the right even to access an uncensored internet.   The world sees a China that tries to bully other sovereign countries.   The world now sees a China whose population is shrinking, whose  people are aging without a safety net for its elderly, whose young,  college-educated children can't find a job, whose housing market is in  turmoil.   The world now sees a China whose debt is unmanageable, whose  technology sector has been purposely, intentionally stunted by its own  political leadership.   The world now sees a China whose capital markets are flailing, whose  [[Page S1995]]  state-owned entities are models of inefficiency and corruption, and  whose economy is slowing.   I know that is a cold dish of truth, but that is what the world sees.  If China cares about the world and if the people of China care about  how the world sees China--and both do--China will reengage with the  world, including the United States of America, not shrink from it.   So I end, Madam President, as I began. The United States and China  need to talk. The United States and China need to talk, not just for  the United States but also for China and for the world. And, frankly,  China has the most to gain, given the deterioration of its reputation.   But it is entirely up to China. America, we have done our part, and  the United States will continue to do its part. We want to talk. We are  confident, but, lately, China's insecurities are loud.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following members of my staff be granted floor privileges until June 8,  2023: Ms. Maddy Dibble, Mr. Jack Lieux, and Mr. Chris Le, who are with  me here today.   