 Mr. Chair, let's face it, most people in the United States  don't know someone who is transgender, and that can lead to fear of the  unknown.   Some less-scrupulous politicians feed that fear and are willing to  bully people, even kids, to lift themselves. They will tell you all  sorts of distortions to manipulate you if it benefits them.   They argue that there is a national problem if trans girls  participate in school sports. That is a lie. They don't care if it  hurts kids--trans kids in this case--who already face huge rates of  bullying just for being different. They just want to play with their  friends and learn the value sports offer, but these politicians don't  care. All they care about is building their political brand and lifting  their fundraising.   How do I know they really don't care about girls and women in sports?  Does anything in this bill address the severe inequities between men's  and women's sports?   Not one word. In fact, most women's sporting groups oppose the bill.   It is not about keeping kids safe. If it was, it would be about  keeping guns out of school.   Crickets on that.   Fortunately, not all Republicans agree.   The Republican Governor of Utah vetoed similar legislation  highlighting the daily challenges trans kids already go through from  bullying to suicide.   He shared how many trans kids play school sports in his State: Four  trans youth, only one a girl. There is your raging national problem.   What is the Republican's response to this nonexistent issue?   Hurt kids for being kids by banning them from playing in school  sports and even be as extreme as saying all female athletes, as young  as in their pre-teen years, can be subject to personal bodily  inspection by adults to prove that they are a girl.   Look, I know not everyone may understand this or may not know someone  who is transgender, but just because you don't understand something  isn't a good enough reason to outright ban kids from school sports.   We may not be able to stop unscrupulous politicians overnight, but we  can stop bad legislation from hurting good kids.   