 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would prohibit funds for the  Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties at the Department of  Homeland Security.   Under Joe Biden, the Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties at  the Department of Homeland Security, also known as CRCL, has become a  corrupt, woke, and anti-ICE component of DHS.   The CRCL is responsible for advancing equity at the DHS. As part of  this principle, DHS created its first-ever equity task force in 2021.  One of the task force's so-called accomplishments was reversing the  public charge. I call it public disaster.   President Donald J. Trump rightfully defined ``public charge'' as an  immigrant who receives one or more designated public benefits for more  than 12 months within a 36-month period. He rightfully included food  stamps, housing vouchers, and Medicaid as benefits that would  disqualify an immigrant from receiving a green card.   Trump's rule protected the American taxpayer and put Americans first.  Joe Biden and his woke CRCL continue to put Americans last.   Under Joe Biden, through the CRCL, his administration has made it  easier for illegal aliens to receive Federal benefits at the expense of  hard-earned tax dollars.   The CRCL said President Trump's rule ``had a chilling effect on  immigrants of color and individuals with disabilities with respect to  their willingness to seek any form of assistance from the Federal  Government.'' This decision, folks, had nothing to do with skin color  or disabilities.   It is clear that DHS's Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties is  catering to these immigrants in an attempt to get their votes. To me,  it is criminal.   Perhaps even more troubling, bureaucrats at the CRCL have deep ties  to the abolish ICE movement, which seeks to stop deportation of illegal  aliens. In fact, CRCL chief Shoba Wadhia has led the charge with pro- open border and anti-enforcement activities for years. She even  advocated to take away funds from ICE and CBP.   Prior to joining CRCL, she also suggested that even the most violent  illegal alien felons should not be deported. Let me say that again. The  chief of CRCL at DHS doesn't believe that violent illegal aliens,  felons, should be deported. Tell me how that makes sense.   Let me be clear. Someone who immigrates illegally is an illegal  alien. Ms. Wadhia advocates against using the term ``illegal  immigrant'' and suggests using the term ``noncitizens'' or ``migrants''  instead.   Ms. Wadhia has no business leading this office.   Other CRCL policy advisers have also directly supported the abolish  ICE movement or worked with other organizations that have. These people  are not concerned with defending our homeland.   I remind my colleagues on the left that DHS has a vital mission to  ensure a safe, secure, and prosperous homeland. It is abundantly clear  that the DHS Office of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties is doing the  exact opposite. We must defund this woke, corrupt, anti-ICE office  within the DHS.   Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk as the designee  of Mr. Norman.    Mr. Chair, my amendment reduces the salary of Jonathan  Davidson, the chief of staff of the Department of Homeland Security, to  $1.   His salary last year was $158,500. With his new role, it will be at  least $180,000. $180,000 for this guy, and he does nothing.   In a short stint in his role, he has completely failed in upholding  his mission, a complete dereliction of duty under his leadership at DHS  with the invasion that is currently happening at our southern border.   Just in his first month on the job, there were over 232,000  enforcement encounters at the southwest border. This is a 36.5 percent  increase in traffic.   Mr. Chair, 101,000 single individuals, with the majority of these  persons being military-age males, were encountered at our border just  in the month of August. This isn't effective leadership, and we need to  hold DHS officials accountable. This guy needs to be unemployed.   We have written DHS 15 times this Congress to conduct oversight over  the board. Again, we request documents and information to understand  the Biden administration's plans, if any. We never get anything.   My point is this: This guy's salary needs to be reduced to $1 because  that is all he is worth.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   