 Madam Speaker, the previous speaker just  said that no Republican Member wants a shutdown. I have the quotes  right here, which I will submit for the Record when I am done.   One House Republican said: ``. . . let's shut it down.''   Another Republican colleague said: ``We should not fear a government  shutdown . . . Most of the American people won't even miss it. . . .''   The leader of the Republican Party, the former President, said:  ``Unless you get everything, shut it down.''   Make no mistake about it, we are here because certain Members on the  other side of the aisle want a shutdown. They even said they want a  shutdown.   Why should we be surprised about that?   Ever since I was in high school 30 years ago, we have had five  government shutdowns; all five took place under House Republican  leadership. When Democrats were in charge of the House, zero government  shutdowns during that same time period.   Now, in terms of the one Republican Member who said that the American  people won't miss it if there is a government shutdown, actually here  is what would happen.   More than 7 million Americans would lose access to their benefits:  women, infants, and children; 2\1/2\ million Active-Duty and Reserve  personnel serving in our Nation's Armed Forces would go without the pay  they deserve; 2.3 million Federal workers could be furloughed or forced  to work without pay; millions of Americans who are going to our  airports and going through TSA lines suddenly finding themselves with  unending delay--by the way, 1.6 million Americans who fly through our  airports every single day will be impacted; 660,000 college students  who rely on Federal work study.   I was one of those students at one point who relied on that program,  so make no mistake about it, there are real consequences to shutdowns.    My colleague from Massachusetts cited the data before. It cost us $11  billion the last shutdown. This one would do the same.    Madam Speaker, a wise coach once said: You  are your record.   Well, let's look at the record. Over the last 30 years, five  government shutdowns, all five took place under House  [[Page H4491]]  Republican leadership. When Democrats were in charge of the House,  those 30 years, zero government shutdowns. Heck, some on the other side  like shutdowns so much, the last one was under a Republican House, a  Republican Senate, and a Republican President.   Now, some on the other side have said publicly that there would be  essentially no consequences to a government shutdown. One Member even  said people won't even miss it.   Here is what happened during the last Republican shutdown: $11  billion lost to this economy, billions of taxpayer money wasted,  140,000 fewer jobs as a result of that shutdown.   You look at those that took place even before 2018, and you see  similar results. This is all, by the way, from the nonpartisan  Congressional Budget Office. There are real costs to a government  shutdown.   Here we are just 4 days, 4 hours, and some minutes away from the  shutdown. It pains me to say this, but we see the Senate doing its job.  They actually just voted on a bipartisan basis, by a 4-1 margin, to  make sure we don't have a government shutdown.   What is the leadership doing here in the House? Debating bills that,  frankly, will have no impact whatsoever on whether or not we shut down  at midnight Saturday.   Let's stand up to this extreme MAGA shutdown. Let's say ``no'' to the  shutdown. Let's pass the bipartisan continuing resolution tonight and  make sure we don't disrupt the lives of the American people.   