 Mr. President, I rise out of great concern for our  military, for its readiness in a time of great peril but also out of  concern for the men and women who are being held up and whose careers  and prospects and families and plans are being interrupted by virtue of  the decision by, in this case, two people--one is Secretary Austin and  the other is Senator Tuberville--to take intractable positions.   And it is simply a, in my opinion, an abuse of the powers we have as  Senators to say if there is something we vehemently disagree with, that  we are going to use that power to hold up the promotion of over 350 men  and women in our military.   We each have things we might disagree with, with the military, and  some would come with deep personal convictions about their morality.  But if each Senator felt empowered to hold up all promotions in our  military unless we got our way on one of those issues, why, our  military would grind to a halt.    This power is extraordinary that we are given as individual Senators,  but it is incumbent upon us to use it in a reasonable way and not to  abuse it in such a way that we end up putting in harm's way the  capabilities of our military and the well-being of our men and women in  uniform.   Senator Tuberville correctly pointed out--I believe he is absolutely  right--that what Secretary Austin did was in contravention of the Hyde  amendment, against the law. We have a process for pursuing things that  are done by an administration that are against the law. It is the court  process. I am happy to join with an amicus brief or even file a legal  action to reverse the Pentagon's policy. That is the process we should  follow in a circumstance like this, not one that is being exacted upon  350 men and women whom we need to have in service and whose lives are  being so badly disrupted.   I would also offer this: Senator Tuberville, if the Department of  Defense, Secretary Austin were to say: OK. We will no longer pay for  the travel of these individuals and their dependents but instead allow  a private charity to do so, would that be acceptable to you and allow  this to go away?   I am looking for--yes. So for instance, if Secretary Austin agrees,  all right, we will eliminate this policy, but we will allow a private  charity to provide for the travel for someone who wants to receive an  abortion in a State where that procedure is legal, would that satisfy  you and allow this impasse to be resolved?    Would that be an acceptable alternative?    Yes. Well, I have ways of doing that, which is I will  pick up the phone and have that conversation. But we have to make sure  that we do not continue to hold up 350-plus people from being able to  get promoted. That is essential to our military.   