 Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1615,  the Gas Stove Protection and Freedom Act. This bipartisan legislation  is pragmatic policymaking, one that safeguards the availability, use,  and affordability of gas stoves.   By placing restrictions on the actions of the Consumer Product Safety  Commission, an important Federal regulatory agency, this act will help  preserve access to traditional gas stoves for all Americans.   Why is this important? Because the government should not be in the  habit of restricting consumer choice or access to appliances that are  integral to our everyday lives.    My colleagues on the other side of the aisle will stand here and say  till they are blue in the face that they don't want to ban gas stoves  and that it is ridiculous that anyone would dare claim that it is  happening. The fact is, they are already doing it.   In New York State, most new construction starting in 2026 will ban  gas stoves. That was put in the State budget just 2 months ago.  According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, nearly 62  percent of households in New York State have a natural gas cooking  appliance. A potential efficiency standard can be financially  detrimental to millions of New Yorkers.   If you look at the sign, it is talking about 23 hours more that  Americans will have to use per year boiling water under this potential  regulation. Guess what? Seventy percent of electricity is generated by  natural gas. You will be using more natural gas, not less. Over the  past two decades, natural gas has reduced carbon emissions 60 percent  more than renewables.   In California, they tried the same thing and had it summarily thrown  out of court due to the absolute absurdity of this effort.   We can and should build a diverse energy grid. We agree with that. It  has got to be based on science and facts, not pie-in-the-sky ideas. We  simply cannot outright ban sources of energy and appliances that  millions of Americans rely on.   In short, the Gas Stove Protection and Freedom Act is prudent  legislation, one that values consumer choice and maintains the  availability of essential household appliances.   Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting this  significant and sensible bipartisan effort.   