 Madam President, the Senate is now debating an $886  billion Defense authorization bill, and unless there are major changes  to that bill, I intend to vote against it. Let me take a few minutes to  explain why.   I think everybody in our country knows that we face enormous crises.   As a result of climate change, our planet is experiencing  unprecedented and rising temperatures. Along with the rest of the  world, we need to make major investments to transform our energy system  away from fossil fuels and into energy efficiency and sustainable  energy. If we do not do that--not only America but China and countries  all over the world--the planet we are leaving our kids and future  generations will become increasingly unhealthy and precarious. In fact,  there are some who wonder whether the planet will continue to exist in  years to come unless we move aggressively on this existential threat.   But it is not only climate change. Our healthcare system is broken,  and it is dysfunctional--not a secret. Most Americans know that. While  the insurance companies and the drug companies make hundreds of  billions of dollars in profits, 85 million Americans are uninsured or  underinsured. Unbelievably, our life expectancy, which is already lower  than most major countries, is declining. Today, we have a massive  shortage of doctors, nurses, mental health practitioners, and  dentists--something that the committee I chair, the HELP Committee, is  trying to address. But it is a reality today that our healthcare system  is broken and dysfunctional.   Our educational system is teetering.   While we have one of the highest rates of childhood poverty of almost  any major country, millions of parents in Vermont, Nevada, and all over  this country are unable to find affordable and quality childcare. It is  a major, major crisis which is only going to become worse as a result  of the cliff that the childcare folks are going to be experiencing in a  few months.   But it is not just childcare. When we talk about education, we should  appreciate that the number of our young people who graduate from  college today is falling further and further behind other countries. In  other words, we need to have the best educated country on Earth in  order to compete internationally. Yet other countries are seeing a  greater percentage of their young people graduating college. One of the  reasons is the high cost of college. Many young people do not want to  go $50,000 or $100,000 in debt to get a college or graduate school  degree. Today, we have 45 million Americans who are struggling under  the weight of student debt--something that President Biden, I, and  others have been trying to deal with.   But it is not only climate. It is not only healthcare. It is not only  education. Today, all over this country, we are seeing a massive crisis  in terms of low-income and affordable housing. While gentrification is  causing rents to soar in many parts of our country, some 600,000  Americans are homeless. A few blocks away from right here in the  Nation's Capital, there are people sleeping out in the streets. And we  have some 18 million people who are spending more than half of their  limited incomes on housing.   So that is what the country faces. We have a planetary crisis in  terms of climate change. Our healthcare system is broken and  dysfunctional. Our educational system is teetering. Our housing stock  is totally inadequate. These are just some of the crises facing our  country.   What is very clear, I think, to the American people and many people  here in the Senate and those in the House is that we are not addressing  those crises. We don't have any pretense--we are not addressing those  crises. When is the last time the Presiding Officer has heard a serious  debate here about how we address climate change, how we build up  affordable housing, how we reform the healthcare system? It is not  taking place. We are not addressing this. So that is one political  reality that exists here in the Nation's Capital.   But there is another reality, and that is the reality of the Pentagon  and military spending, and that is a whole other story. Every year,  with seemingly little regard for the strategic picture facing our  country, this body, the House and the Senate, votes to increase the  military budget. It just happens. We don't worry about people sleeping  on the street. We don't worry about people who don't have any  healthcare. We don't worry about people who can't afford prescription  drugs. Every year, the military budget--hey, more money.   The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are over. Tens of thousands of  American troops have returned home. Yet the Pentagon's budget continues  to go up. Every year, despite sometimes very contentious  partisan fights on all manner of things--you name it, big fights going  on--Congress somehow comes together very quietly, with little debate,  to vote for the one thing they agree on, and that is more and more  money for the Pentagon.    Right now, despite all of the enormous needs facing working families  in this country, over half of the Federal discretionary budget goes to  the military. Got it? Over half of the Federal discretionary budget  goes to the military.   I support a strong military. People don't have to convince me why we  need a strong military. But I will oppose this legislation, this  Defense authorization bill, for four major reasons.   First, more military spending right now is unnecessary. The United  States remains the world's dominant military power and is in no danger  of losing that position. Alone, we account for roughly 40 percent of  global military spending. This comes despite the end of the war in  Afghanistan and despite the fact that the United States now spends more  on the military than the next 10 countries combined, most of which are  our allies. We spend more than the next 10 countries combined, most of  which are our allies. Last year, we spent more than 3 times what China  is spending on the military, and more than 10 times what Russia spent.   While this year's National Defense Authorization Act would merely  match the Pentagon's recordbreaking request, in most recent years,  Congress has seen fit to give the Department of Defense more money than  it even asks for. Imagine that. The 85 million people who are  uninsured--we don't help them. People can't afford the high cost of  prescription drugs--hardly doing anything on that. People sleeping out  on the streets--can't do that. Kids can't afford to go to college-- can't do that. But we have, year after year, given the Pentagon more  money than they have even requested, requiring them to submit ``wish  lists'' of items to Congress; in other words, tell us what more you  need.   The Pentagon is routinely given so much taxpayer money that it  literally doesn't know what to do with all the money Congress has  thrown at them. According to the Government Accountability Office, the  GAO, over an 11-year  [[Page S3578]]  period, the Pentagon returned an astonishing $128 billion in excess  funds to the Treasury. In other words, we gave them so much money that  they couldn't even spend it, and they had to return some of it.   So that is reason No. 1 why I oppose this legislation.   No. 2, the Pentagon cannot keep track of the dollars it already has,  leading to massive waste, fraud, and abuse in the sprawling military- industrial complex. The Pentagon accounts for about two-thirds of all  Federal contracting activity, obligating more money every year than all  civilian Federal Agencies combined. Yet the Department of Defense  remains the only major Federal Agency that cannot pass an independent  audit more than 30 years after Congress required them to do so.   So we are throwing hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars into  the Pentagon. Thirty years ago, Congress said: We want an audit; we  want to know what is going on--a reasonable request. It has only been  30 years, and we still have not gotten an independent audit.   Last year, the Department of Defense was unable to account for over  half of its assets, which are in excess of $3 trillion, or roughly 78  percent of what the entire Federal Government owns. The Government  Accountability Office, the GAO, reports that the Department of Defense  still cannot accurately track its finances or capture and post  transactions to the current accounts.   Each year, auditors find billions of dollars in the Pentagon's  proverbial couch cushions--just money lying around, you know, that pops  up here and there. In fiscal 2022, Navy auditors found $4.4 billion in  untracked inventory--couldn't find it, but there was $4.4 billion-- while Air Force auditors identified $5.2 billion worth of variances in  its general ledger.   These problems are why Senator Grassley and I have again introduced  our Audit the Pentagon Act, with a number of cosponsors, which would  force the Pentagon to get serious about their shortcomings by reducing  by 1 percent the budget of any DOD component that cannot pass an audit.  I don't think that is an unreasonable request.   A meaningful effort to address this waste should be undertaken before  Congress throws more money at the Pentagon. Yet this absolutely  necessary oversight is again missing from this bill. So it doesn't  matter. Next year, we will learn that tens and tens of billions of  dollars can't be accounted for. So what is the problem?   In June, the GAO found that in the preceding year, 1 single year,  DOD's largest acquisition programs had seen cost estimates rise by $37  billion. It goes on and on and on. They come up with an estimate for a  weapons system, and then they say: Oh, sorry, it turns out it is going  to cost a lot more than we told you. This comes after decades in which  we spent more than $2 trillion on ill-considered wars, in my view, in  Iraq and Afghanistan.   Somehow, despite this incredible record of waste and fraud, the  military-industrial complex escapes meaningful scrutiny.   The third point I want to make in opposition is that much of this  additional military spending will go to line the pockets of hugely  profitable defense contractors. It is corporate welfare by a different  name. Almost half of the Pentagon budget goes to private contractors,  some of whom are exploiting their monopoly positions and the trust  granted them by the United States to line their pockets. Repeated  investigations by the DOD inspector general, the GAO, and CBS News have  uncovered numerous instances of contractors massively overcharging the  Department of Defense, helping boost these companies' profit margins to  nearly 40 percent and sometimes as high as over 4,000 percent, while  costing U.S. taxpayers hundreds and hundreds of millions of  dollars. TransDigm, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, and Raytheon are among the  offenders, dramatically overcharging taxpayers, while reaping enormous  profits, seeing their stock prices soar, and handing out massive  executive compensation packages.    Just one example, Lockheed Martin received $46 billion in  unclassified Federal contracts last year, returned $11 billion to  shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks, and paid its CEO $25  million. These companies are fully reliant on the U.S. taxpayer, yet  their CEOs make over 100 times more than the Secretary of Defense and  500 percent more than the average newly enlisted servicemember.   TransDigm, the company behind the over 4,000-percent markup on spare  parts, touted $3.1 billion in profits on $5.4 billion of net sales,  almost boasting to investors about just how fully it was fleecing the  taxpayers.   Indeed, over the past two decades, major defense contractors have  paid billions of dollars in fines or related settlements for fraud or  misconduct. Almost every major defense contractor has had to pay fines  for fraud or misconduct. Just the other day--people may have seen it in  the papers--the consulting firm of Booz Allen Hamilton was fined $377  million for overcharging the Defense Department. Yet these contracts  never dry up.   That is why I introduced an amendment to this year's NDAA to require  the Secretary of Defense to produce an updated report on defense  contractor fraud. That amendment was not included in what we will be  voting on.   Here is maybe the major point that I want to make: If the pandemic,  the COVID pandemic, has taught us anything--and let us not forget for  one minute that that pandemic cost us over 1 million lives--it is that  national security relies on much more than just a strong military.   It is funny, as chairman of the HELP Committee, a couple of months  ago, we had those people who are responsible for protecting this  country against future pandemics before us. And the question that  everybody asked them, Democrat and Republican, is: Hey, are we prepared  for the next pandemic that is likely to come? Without exception, the  leaders of the government Agencies whose job is to protect us for the  next pandemic said: No, we are not prepared.   By the way, there are some right now who want to take money away from  the Centers for Disease Control in this particular bill.   The point is that when you lose over 1 million people to a pandemic  and when the scientists tell us there is a good chance that another one  may come, that is a national security issue.   True security--if we are really looking at what true security is  about--it means everything that we can do to improve the lives of  ordinary Americans.   True security is that we address the crisis of a declining life  expectancy. The gap between the lifespan of the wealthy and the working  class is over 10 years. If you are working class in this country, you  are going to die 10 years shorter than the wealthy. Is that not an  issue of national security? Do we not want to make sure that all of our  people, whether they are rich or poor or middle class, have the right  to live full and productive and healthy lives? I think so. That is  called national security.   National security has to do with the issue of education for our kids.  How are we secure if our young people, from childcare to graduate  school, are not getting the quality of education?   There are millions of children who today, in America, as we speak,  are food insecure. There are days that go by when they are hungry. How  do we talk about national security and not talk about the crisis of  childhood hunger, not to mention childhood poverty in general?   How do we talk about national security when people are sleeping out  on the street?   How do we, in any sense of the word, talk about national security  without understanding the weather in Texas, in the southwest, is now  hitting recordbreaking levels? People are dying from the heat. Oceans  are getting hotter. We are looking at drought. We are looking at  extreme weather disturbances. My own State, just several weeks ago,  experienced the worst natural disaster, torrential rainfalls that we  haven't seen since 1927. That is national security. Whether people get  forced out of their homes because of flooding, die from heat stroke-- that is called national security.   This body--the Senate--could decide to have one or two fewer  ballistic missile submarines, saving almost $15 billion over the next  decade. And we could put that money--and it would go a long way--toward  housing the homeless or feeding the 5 million children in this  [[Page S3579]]  country who are food insecure. Instead, day after day, here in  Washington, many of my colleagues tell the American people that we just  don't have the money. We can't do what every other major country on  Earth does--guarantee healthcare to all people; we can't provide  affordable housing; we can't provide affordable childcare; we can't  provide nutrition to kids in America who are hungry. We just can't  afford to do any of those things. But come to the military budget and  all the lobbyists around here from the defense contractors, my God, we  can't stop throwing money at them.   So what I would say is that the time is long overdue for our country  to get our national priorities right, and one small step forward would  be to say no to this very bloated and wasteful military budget and  start reordering our priorities so that we pay attention to the needs  of the middle class and working class and low-income people rather than  just defense contractors.   With that, I yield the floor.   