 Mr. Chair, I would like to start off by applauding my  colleagues for including language in H.R. 1 that reaffirms our Nation's  commitment to protecting freshwater resources, especially the Great  Lakes.   This bill upholds our commitment to protecting our natural resources  in Michigan and upholding the ban on oil and gas development in our  Great Lakes. We are blessed with rich waterways and have an obligation  to protect them.   We talk a lot about becoming energy independent, but what does this  mean for our country and the American people?   It starts with access to essential resources without relying on the  goodwill of foreign nations, especially our adversaries.   Mining is essential to our energy strategy and manufacturing  independence. Without independent, secure, and safe minerals, there is  no manufacturing independence. Worse, there is no national security.   I put forward the national strategy to reshore mineral supply chains  amendment because I believe it is one of those commonsense issues that  both sides can agree on.   Democrats have advocated for an electric future. That hinges on  sustainably sourced mining.   Republicans have made it clear that establishing energy and  manufacturing independence to grow our economy and lower prices is a  top priority.   I have actually found a bipartisan partner in the White House. Last  week, I asked Secretary Blinken whether he would be open to  participating with me on legislation to create a 21st century national  strategy to strengthen the American industrial base to reshore our  critical minerals and end slavery in our supply chains.   His answer? We welcome working with you on that.   This amendment is a practical step toward that goal.   To the Chinese Communist Party, my amendment signals that America is  done being taken advantage of. To the rest of the world, it shows that  America stands strong and strategically. To hardworking Americans, it  means lower costs and more money in their pockets.   I represent the number one manufacturing district in the country, but  our Great Lakes are table stakes for anyone who seeks to represent  them. We must have balance in how we approach this, and I believe H.R.  1 strikes that balance.   America has leaned on the 10th Congressional District in a world war  and a global pandemic, and we expect to be called upon again. We will  stand ready to help, but we must be prepared. That starts with a  national strategy to reshore mineral supply chains. It is critically  important.   