 Mr. President, boys and men should not be allowed to  participate in girls' and women's sports. This used to be common sense,  but today, apparently, it is controversial.   When I was back home in Nebraska for the August recess, two events  highlighted this. The first was Volleyball Day.   Volleyball Day in Nebraska saw four of our women's volleyball teams  showcase their talent. Over 92,000 fans crammed into Lincoln's Memorial  Stadium to watch the event. It was a  [[Page S4220]]  world-record event, the most attendees for a women's sports event in  history, and it was a great day for title IX to demonstrate how much  success that has had over the last 50 years. In fact, Omaha World- Herald columnist Tom Shatel wrote, ``Volleyball Day in Nebraska may be  the biggest Title IX statement of all time.'' Certainly, it  demonstrated the progress we have seen, creating equal opportunity for  our daughters, granddaughters, and sisters. And it is not just about  athletics; it is about scholarships, about educational opportunities  and, of course, those career opportunities as well.   But sadly, today, title IX is under attack from bad policies that are  undermining what has been so successful for half a century.   That brings me to my second event. I, along with 1,100 other  Nebraskans, had the honor to listen to Riley Gaines. Riley was a  women's swimmer for the University of Kentucky, and she described her  experience competing against Lia Thomas.   Lia Thomas was William Thomas, a man who competed against other men  for 3 years of his college career, and at that time, he was mediocre at  best. He came in ranked 462nd in the Nation. But after a year of  testosterone suppression therapy, under NCAA rules, Thomas was allowed  to compete against women, and he went from being ranked 462nd  nationally to being top-ranked. Riley described how unfair this  experience was.   We also heard from Dr. Greg Brown. He is a physiologist and professor  at the University of Nebraska at Kearney. He described the differences  between men and women. It is crazy that we need to have somebody talk  about the differences between men and women. He described that men  produce 10 to 20 times more testosterone than women on average and that  this testosterone suppression therapy that I mentioned--well, it  reduces it, but according to NCAA rules and IOC rules, you only have to  get below the ``normal'' range, and that level is still 5 to 10 times  more testosterone than what women produce.   Here is the kicker: There is no research--none whatsoever--that shows  that by reducing testosterone, you eliminate the male sex-based  athletic advantages. None. It is bogus. It is arbitrary. That is part  of the unfairness.   When we support policies that undermine title IX, we are potentially  robbing women of the opportunity to be able to have those sports  careers and to have the opportunity to get those scholarships.   As school starts back up again, let's celebrate the differences  between boys and girls, between men and women. Let's not support  policies that are driving them off the court or the playing field or  out of the pool.   I am a proud cosponsor of the Protection of Women and Girls in Sports  Act. It would require title IX to be interpreted based upon your  biological sex. This will preserve title IX and those opportunities for  young women all across this country. Let's make sure bad policy is not  undermining title IX.   I urge all my Senate colleagues to support this commonsense act. It  is pro-science, it is pro-women, and it is pro-common sense. We need to  push back against these bad policies that are undermining the important  title IX work over the last 50 years. That way, we can ensure that our  daughters, granddaughters, and sisters have that equal opportunity that  they have had over all these years.   I yield the floor.   