 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the FAA is responsible for administrating  and certifying pilots in the United States. The certification of these  pilots takes place in the form of written tests administered at a test  center, but also in the form of practical tests that are usually  administered in an aircraft or in a simulator.   These practical tests are conducted by either FAA examiners or, more  usually, designated pilot examiners. This is a system that has worked  well for decades, but a recent problem has arisen where pilots who are  applying for certification, who need practical tests are encountering  large and unacceptable delays in the scheduling of those tests.   In fact, some of the pilots that I have spoken to in the preparation  of this amendment had to wait over 12 months for the scheduling of a  practical test. I think we can all agree that that is unacceptable.   It is not fair to the airmen, it is not fair to the FAA, it is not  fair to the pilot community, and it is detrimental to the advancement  of the aviation industry.   This amendment is a very simple fix to that problem: It would direct  the FAA to implement an accountability program to ensure that no  applicant has to wait more than 2 weeks for the administration of a  practical test.   I think this is a commonsense solution. It works for the FAA and for  the applicants, and I would urge its adoption.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I would strongly object to the  characterization of this amendment as burdensome. If you want an  example of burdensome, think about a student pilot who has applied to  get their pilot's license.   Mr. Chair, I have been a certified flight instructor for almost 30  years. This is a situation that I have experienced. When you are a  student pilot, you don't know exactly when you are going to reach the  level of proficiency required by the Federal aviation regulations, so  you train and you train and you train and you sweat and you work, and  finally your instructor says you are ready to take the test.   Now, imagine a student in that position applying for a test and being  told it is going to be months before they can be examined.   Mr. Chair, I can tell you from personal experience that flight  proficiency is a perishable commodity. You cannot go several months  without flying, hop into a cockpit, and expect to be at the same level  of proficiency that you were.   We are adding burdensome regulation on our student pilots when we  expect them to maintain their proficiency for however long it takes the  FAA to schedule that exam.   To be clear, this amendment does not direct the FAA to make its  inspectors available; it directs the FAA to make the resources  available to implement an accountability program to make sure we have a  sufficient number of pilot examiners to make this situation better.   Two weeks is an industry standard consensus. The FAA has agreed that  [[Page H3830]]  that is a reasonable period of time. This just makes sense.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, to be clear: This is not a scheduling problem on the part  of the applicant. The applicant doesn't know exactly when they are  going to be ready. The applicant doesn't know when the weather is going  to cooperate. Particularly for the base level of pilots' licenses, you  need good weather to be able to take the test.   This is just talking about the amount of time after an applicant says  I am ready before which a designated pilot examiner can administer that  exam. I think we can all agree that that should not be a year.    This is a commonsense amendment that would solve that problem, and I  urge its adoption.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have a further amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, aviation fuel is one of the few fuels  remaining that still contains lead. It has been universally  acknowledged that lead is not good for our environment. It is not good  for our children. It is not good for human ingestion. It causes serious  health problems.   The industry has conducted a decades-long study and process to try to  develop an alternative fuel that takes the lead out of aviation fuel.  However, this has become a very, very troublesome and difficult task  because the only suitable solutions would have to be suitable for all  types of aviation engines and some aircraft feature engines that are  higher horsepower and higher compression that depend on the presence of  lead to be able to operate safely.   Finally, we are approaching a consensus standard on an unleaded  replacement for aviation gas; however, there is a problem that has  arisen. Airports accept grant funds from the Airport Improvement  Program, and in return, they give the FAA grant assurances that they  will keep their airports open.   In 2018, when FAA was reauthorized, it was agreed by this body that  an airport should not be able to withdraw the sale of fuel completely  and that that would be a violation of its FAA AIP grant assurances.   I think that that is still true, and I hope we all still feel that  way. However, most airports only have a single infrastructure for the  delivery of avgas. If an airport seeks to switch from this current  standard, which is 100 low lead to an unleaded replacement, a question  has arisen as to whether or not that would be a violation of its grant  assurances.   This amendment clarifies that situation and states that when an  industry standard consensus fuel emerges that it is not a violation of  grant assurance for an airport to switch from leaded aviation fuel to  unleaded aviation fuel.   I think that this protects the interests of our airports, of our  pilot community, and also protects our environment at the same time.   Mr. Chair, I urge its adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I hope there has been no confusion here. We  are all on the same team. We want to get the lead out of aviation fuel.  This amendment allows us to do that. The current situation is that when  an industry standard consensus fuel emerges that airports will not be  able to switch over to it because if you only have a single  infrastructure, a single fuel truck, or a single fuel tank, the current  grant assurances require you to continue offering the leaded fuel.   Airports will be faced with an impossible choice: The choice between  maintaining a leaded fuel, even though an unleaded replacement is  available, or buying an entirely different infrastructure for the  delivery of the unleaded fuel.   I think we can all agree that makes no sense. This is just a  commonsense solution to that problem. We have worked with committee  staff on this. We have worked with industry on this. I think this is  something that everyone should be able to get behind.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, to be clear, we are trying to give airports  the option of a transition to an unleaded aviation fuel when that  option becomes available to them. Some language is needed to do this  because airports are confused about whether or not doing this is a  violation of their FAA grant assurances. This amendment clarifies that  it is not. An amendment, to be clear, is needed to clarify this  situation.   Mr. Chair, I respectfully urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   