 Madam President, this is the third time that Senator Paul  has made this unanimous consent request. It is the third time that I  will come down to the floor to object.   We can continue to use the Senate's time to have this debate and  argument or we can use our time more wisely and focus on topics that  matter a little bit more to the American public than the vaccination  policy for Senate pages.   I wish Senator Paul would stop dragging these hard-working Senate  pages into his relentless campaign against vaccine science. I think it  is pretty unsavory. These young men and women do a really good,  important job for us, and to be dragged into the middle of Senator  Paul's focus on trying to unwind and undermine vaccine science I don't  think is good for the Senate, and I don't think it is good for the  Nation's public health.   CNN reported earlier this year that COVID-19 is a leading cause of  death for children in the United States. It is a fairly low mortality  rate--Senator Paul is right--but there are children all over the  country who have died from COVID-19. That is a fact. It is one of the  leading causes of death for children over the course of the last 4 to 5  years.   So I do take seriously the idea that, as adults, we have a  responsibility to protect the health and the safety of young people who  come work for us, especially minors who are here under our care and  protection. We owe a special duty of care to young people, students,  who come and work in the U.S. Senate.   So, no, I do not think that the Senate should micromanage Senate  employee health policy or the policy related to the healthcare and  healthcare security of our pages. I think that we should allow that  decision to be made by professionals. We are not vaccine scientists. We  are not spending the entirety of our day thinking about the healthcare  security of the workforce here in the Senate.   But I have two other reasons why I continue to object to this and I  will continue to come down and object to this resolution.   First, Senator Paul says that the existing vaccine is not effective  against transmission, and I won't dispute the fact that this vaccine is  not primarily being used to prevent transmission. But this is a  permanent resolution. This resolution doesn't apply only to this moment  in time. It doesn't apply to this vaccine or to this strain of COVID- 19.   If next year there was a strain of COVID-19 and a vaccine that was  more effective against transmission, then  [[Page S5945]]  there is no method by which we could require Senate pages to be  vaccinated as a means of protecting the rest of us.   So the facts that Senator Paul references are relative to this strain  and this vaccine, but this is a permanent resolution. It controls the  Senate and Senate health policy permanently. But more importantly, all  of the facts that Senator Paul references in terms of the low risk to  children are all conditioned by a phrase that he, to his credit,  continues to reference: that there is a low risk for young and healthy  children. He said: If you just take out sick children--if you just take  out sick children--then there is really nothing to worry about.   I don't think Senator Paul has access to the medical records of every  single page who is working for us. Neither do I. But I can take a guess  that there are probably young people who come work for us who have  preexisting conditions, who have underlying health complications that  might actually make them more significantly at risk.   Senator Paul will say: Well, that should be up to them. Well, we have  a duty of care as their employer to make sure that when they are here,  they are secure and they are healthy.   So I don't think you can just write this off, write the risk to the  pages off by saying that if you are healthy, you are fine. You don't  know the medical history of all these young people. There can be and  likely is a risk of serious health complications.   Even if you come to the conclusion that that shouldn't be the  responsibility of the Senate, to require the vaccine, this resolution  is permanent. So even if you get a future vaccine that is more  effective against transmission, this resolution controls.   So I will continue to come down here and object to this. I continue  to be saddened by the fact that Senator Paul brings our pages over and  over again into this debate that he wants the Senate to have over  vaccine science.   For that reason, I would object.   