 Madam President, I join my colleagues today to speak  regarding the rising crime rate in our country. Crimes, specifically  violent crimes, are exploding at troubling rates nationwide. Crimes are  at a 25-year high across the country.  [[Page S684]]    Connected to the rise in crime is the Biden administration's open  border policy, which is resulting in increased drug and human  trafficking. At the same time, radical proposals to ``defund the  police'' are the exact opposite of what we should be doing right now,  which is supporting our men and women in law enforcement. We need to do  that by giving them the resources, the tools, and training needed to do  their job and protect our communities.   We must strive to protect our communities, enforce our laws, support  our men and women in blue, and keep criminals off the street. Our  Nation's Capital is, unfortunately, a prime example of the problems  that we are having with crime right now in our cities. Crime is up 25  percent since March of 2022. In that same timeframe, homicides are up  30 percent and motor vehicle theft is up 110 percent.   As the center of our government and the symbol of our country, this  is simply unacceptable. And instead of working to protect our Nation's  Capital and all our constituents who visit here--and there are many of  them here today--the DC Council has voted to ease violent crime  penalties.   Last fall, the DC Council passed the Revised Criminal Code Act, which  greatly weakens the criminal justice system here in the District of  Columbia. This bill is so problematic that the Mayor of DC vetoed the  bill, stating that ``it does not make us safe.''   DC's law enforcement community is also deeply alarmed by the bill,  raising concerns of overwhelming the court system and exploding the  already-high violent crime rate here in the District of Columbia.   We must get serious about protecting safety and addressing the  nationwide rise in crime by supporting our law enforcement and ensuring  they have the resources and training they need to protect our  communities.   That is why I helped to introduce the Resolution of Disapproval to  prevent such a reckless rewrite of the DC Criminal Code from taking  effect. And I thank the good Senator from Tennessee for taking the lead  in this very, very important matter.   As legislators, we should focus on keeping criminals off our streets,  instead of attempting to weaken sentences for violent crimes and  criminals. Let's get back to the basics and support our law enforcement  and ensure they have the tools they need to keep our communities safe.   Again, we have people visiting here from all over the country. This  isn't just the District of Columbia where people live like another  city. This is our Nation's Capital. People come here from all over the  country. They should feel safe. They should feel safe in our Nation's  Capital.   I yield the floor.   