 Yesterday, Mr. President, I joined with many colleagues  from both sides of the aisle for the first of a series of all-Senate  briefings solely dedicated to the subject of AI. Yesterday's AI  briefing was a huge success. We had a really strong turnout from both  parties. It was an important moment for everyone to get into a room and  build a foundation of knowledge on this pressing issue.   If I had to describe our mindset leaving yesterday's briefing, it was  a mix of urgency and humility: urgency because AI is developing so damn  fast and humility because AI is stupendously complex.   Congress has only a limited amount of time to stay proactive on  artificial intelligence, and I think yesterday's briefing made that  clear. The potential societal benefits from AI are astounding--from  medical advances and innovative materials to fusion energy and so much  more.   But we also must recognize that AI poses monstrously complex  challenges. Even top AI developers will admit they don't have a firm  grip on how this technology works now and even less of a grip on how it  will work in the future.   One of the topics that has come up in my discussions with experts is  ``explainability,'' or the challenge of making AI's ``black box'' inner  workings understandable. Even this is no trivial matter. It is a  cutting-edge technological research question, and it will require  immense cooperation between legislators, developers, researchers,  academics, and advocates to strike the right balance.   I hope all of my colleagues join for the next two AI briefings the  next work period. We will examine where this technology is headed in  the near future and get briefed in the SCIF on national security  threats that AI already poses.   Again, thank you to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who are  already getting to work on this issue both on their own and in  committee. The range of proposals show the Senate is taking this matter  seriously. Thank you, again, to Senators Rounds, Heinrich, and Young  for making these briefings possible.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the veto  message on S.J. Res. 11 be considered as having been read and be  printed in the Record and spread in full upon the Journal.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, the veto message with respect to S.J. Res.  11 be considered at a time to be determined by the majority leader in  concurrence with the Republican leader prior to June 23; that there be  up to 2 hours for debate, equally divided between the two leaders or  their designees; and that the Senate then vote on passage of the joint  resolution, the objections of the President to the contrary  notwithstanding.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote  begin.   