 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment No. 96 prohibits funds to  develop, finalize, issue, or use assessments under the EPA's Integrated  Risk Information System, or IRIS program.   The IRIS program has never been authorized by Congress and was  created by the EPA out of thin air in the 1980s. It has been heavily  criticized by everyone from former EPA officials, the National Academy  of Sciences, Federal agencies, and the Government Accountability  Office. Despite that, the EPA spends $20 million to $40 million of  taxpayer money per year on the program.   IRIS has a demonstrated history of conducting low-quality chemical  risk assessments that failed to utilize the best available scientific  data and establish very real regulations for private citizens and  private companies.   EPA has targeted a number of important chemistries, including  formaldehyde; uranium; vanadium, a critical mineral; ethylene oxide,  for sterilization of medical equipment; naphthalene, to shut down oil  production; as well as others.   IRIS risk assessments have been put forth at the expense of American  jobs and cost public confidence in chemistries that are critical to  activity across many sectors of the U.S. economy, from agriculture to  furniture making to transportation and national security.   Bipartisan concerns have been raised repeatedly in Congress about the  failure of the IRIS program to utilize sound science and broad input in  its evaluations. These concerns have been largely dismissed or ignored.   Recently, IRIS has indicated that they intend to use the formaldehyde  IRIS rule, which is below the level in human breath and from natural  background levels, as the basis for their high-priority risk evaluation  and risk management rule for formaldehyde over the next 2 years.   It should be obvious that these bans on formaldehyde, certain  formaldehyde-based products or conditions of use, and unachievable  workplace standards orders of magnitude below OSHA or European Union  requirements will be very damaging mandates for Americans.   This would include direct negative impacts on the manufacturing  community, including on manufacturing of resins, wood products,  adhesives, fertilizers, roofing, coating materials, electrical  products, lubricants, fabrics, and other construction materials as well  as energy, transportation, and agriculture end uses.   There needs to be a change in the way EPA conducts its business  around scientific integrity and accountability and the way in which the  Federal Government conducts chemical risk evaluations.   My amendment is in the interest of protecting American safety and  jobs and ensuring chemical risk assessments conducted by the EPA are  driven by the best available science rather than political and  ideological agendas.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I will point out one more time that we are  in a situation here in which our tolerance is well under that of  European or other countries. One more time, we are going put ourselves  in a position which manufacturing is much more expensive, if not  impossible, in the United States compared to other countries.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   