 Madam President, I am pleased to join with my colleagues  to talk about a topic that I have talked about many times before on the  floor of the U.S. Senate. Obviously, coming from a border State, the  humanitarian, the public safety crisis occurring at our border, which  has raged for the last 2 years under this President, has finally made  every State a border State, every city a border city because the entire  Nation is feeling the impact of the open border policies of the Biden  administration because migrants are being shipped to places like  Chicago, New York, Washington, DC. And so the mayors are saying: Whoa,  we can't take this, even though border communities in Texas have  encountered 5 million migrants during the Biden administration.   (Mr. REED assumed the Chair.)   I am sympathetic, but there is no sympathy. And, actually, we don't  really want sympathy; we want action to deal with this influx of  humanity that will soon become a tsunami.   As I said, since the President took office, Customs and Border  Protection have logged about 5 million border crossings. Because of  COVID-19, there was a public health law in place, title 42, which we  have talked about many times, which was applied by the Border Patrol to  expel 2.4 million of those 5 million migrants.   I know the numbers get a little tricky here. But at the same time  Border Patrol has said they encountered 5 million migrants during the  Biden administration, they also say that perhaps as many as 1.2 million  migrants got away. In other words, they were seen on sensors or  cameras, but the Border Patrol missed them or they simply evaded Border  Patrol because either they were involved in some sort of criminal  activity or they did not want to get detained because perhaps they  didn't qualify for asylum.   So up until last week, under title 42, the Border Patrol was able to  quickly expel illegal migrants who had no legal basis to stay in the  United States. Title 42 is gone, which means that nearly 50 percent of  migrants whom Border Patrol actually encountered and were able to expel  under that rule--they no longer are able to do that.   It is nearly impossible to get an explanation from the Biden  administration about where the remaining 2.7 million migrants are. What  we do know is that the Biden administration is releasing an  unprecedented number of these migrants into the interior of the United  States.   Some of them--if you have good vision, you can see the green part of  these bars. These are people who are claiming asylum. It is really a  rather small part of this total number. So far, in March, we are  exceeding 100,000 migrants at the border.   A relatively small number are claiming asylum. So what happened to  the rest of them? Well, there is something called parole, p-a-r-o-l-e.  We may think of parole as something that--if someone has been in prison  and they get parole, but this is different. This is something that  Customs and Border Protection does. They claim the authority to do this  on a categorical basis simply to relieve the load on law enforcement  officials and customs officials at the border.  [[Page S1696]]    Effectively, what this means is even if people aren't claiming  asylum--at least a small fraction we know would have an opportunity to  present their case in front of an immigration judge, and a small  fraction of the total number would perhaps be able to prove their right  to asylum under the law.   The Biden administration has said: We don't really care whether  people are seeking asylum or not. We are going to release them into the  interior of the United States using parole and tell them to show up at  an Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in a town near you and  make arrangements for their case to be processed there at the local  level.   There have been some recent developments. In Florida, a Federal judge  has now enjoined Customs and Border Protection's ability to use parole  or, I should say, abuse parole by releasing mass numbers of migrants,  perhaps never to be heard from again. The judge has said essentially  that parole should be used on a case-by-case basis, not to relieve the  load at the border because so many people are showing up.   You know, charitably, maybe that is what Secretary Mayorkas means  when he says the border is secure. In some sort of twisted way, he  thinks 5 million people coming to the border and another 2.7 million of  those people being released into the interior of the United States  somehow means the border is secure. Well, not under any rational  definition of ``border security'' is the border secure.   So what is the Biden administration supposed to do? Back when  President Clinton was in office, he signed into law an authority called  expedited removal. This would allow the Border Patrol to remove people  on an expedited basis. But it takes a little time, so historically what  has happened is those people have been detained until their expedited  removal is accomplished. But this administration has dismantled the  detention facilities necessary to keep people while their expedited  removal process is going forward. Instead, they are released.   You heard people talk about catch and release. That is catch and  release. That is the big hole in the bottom of the bucket through which  this vast sea of humanity is flowing.   Truth be told, there is a lot the administration doesn't know or  simply isn't telling the American people about where these migrants are  today.   Recently, the New York Times did an investigative piece about some of  the unaccompanied children who have been released by the Biden  administration into the interior of the country and documented the fact  that many of them are in positions where they are performing forced  labor, violating child labor laws. Unable to protect themselves, unable  to provide for themselves, they are simply being forced to work, in  violation of child labor laws. They have no, apparently, adult  supervision--no responsible adult supervision--to protect them.   In a strange sense, that may be the least bad thing that can happen  to some of these unaccompanied children. Others, I am sure, have been  recruited into gangs, have been neglected, abused, sexually assaulted,  sold into sex slavery. It just boggles the mind.   I keep asking myself, what is it going to take? What has to happen  before the Biden administration wakes up to its failures on the border  and the human consequences associated with it?   I haven't even mentioned--the Senator from Indiana did mention the  fact that across these same borders, while this flood of humanity is  coming across, Border Patrol is distracted or preoccupied with  administrative tasks. So the drugs that have killed 108,000 Americans  have come across those borders, including 71,000 last year from  synthetic opioids like fentanyl.   Well, now that title 42 has expired, the number of people coming  across is going to skyrocket. I have been sort of strangely amused at  some of the press reports that say: Well, the numbers weren't as bad as  we expected. I think maybe that is what President Biden said--oh, it  wasn't as bad as we expected.   Well, these criminal organizations that transport migrants to the  border and that also smuggle drugs into the United States are not  stupid, and they realize that the eyes of the world--certainly of our  country--were on the border to see, OK, now that title 42 has gone  away, what is going to happen? Well, they just simply restricted the  number of migrants they transported to the border in order to make it  look like there was not a surge. But we already know that 10,000  migrants a day are being encountered. One Border Patrol agent said he  thought that would go up to 11,000 to 14,000 a day.    The Biden administration has gone to great lengths not to secure the  border but to make it easier for migrants to be released into the  interior of the United States. Earlier this year, for example, the  administration announced a new plan to address a specific subset of the  border crisis--the way migrants from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua, and  Venezuela were treated. What the administration said is this: We are  not going to secure the border. We are not going to prevent illegal  immigration. We are actually going to confer legal status on 30,000  migrants from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Venezuela each month--30,000  a month--and then we are going to take that out of the top number so it  makes it look like we actually have less migrants coming into the  country illegally.   Well, 30,000 a month, 360,000 a year, without Congress's consultation  or consent. We are a coequal branch of government. The President has no  authority to do that on his own.   Last week, the administration finalized a rule to funnel even more  migrants into parole--which, as I said, is being abused; it is supposed  to be done on a case-by-case basis--to release even more migrants into  the interior of the country.   It is interesting the way rules and laws are named here in Washington  because frequently they are the opposite of what they claim to be. So  the administration has issued a new rule called the circumvention of  lawful pathways rule, framed as a way to promote orderly migration and  ensure those who don't play by the rules are ineligible for asylum.   In addition to the fundamentally false premise that these parole  programs constitute lawful pathways--they don't--the rule is brimming  with loopholes that were designed to give migrants a clear and easy  path into the United States. It is a roadmap. All migrants have to do  is claim that they are illiterate or say they experienced technical  issues with the CBP One app that the administration wants them to use  to schedule their appearance at the border. Well, the administration  says they can still be paroled into the United States and given a work  permit. Talk about a pull factor.   You know, we hear a lot about the push factors of illegal  immigration. Those are real--violence, poverty. We all understand that.  People want a better way of life. But we admit--we naturalize or make  American citizens out of 1 million migrants a year. But turning this  process over to the criminal organizations and cartels that smuggle not  only people but drugs into the United States has proven to be an  absolute humanitarian disaster.   By outlining broad exceptions that are easily gamed, the Biden  administration has provided migrants and the cartels that exploit them  with a playbook. They can make the dangerous journey to the border,  show up at a port of entry without an appointment, say the magic words,  and be released into the United States courtesy of the Biden  administration; or they can cross between the ports of entry and claim  to face an imminent and extreme threat to their life or safety in  Northern Mexico and be waved into the United States as well.   Day after day, the Biden administration is allowing more and more  migrants to enter the United States despite the fact that the vast  majority of these individuals have no legal basis to be here. At the  same time, the administration is doing less and less to enforce the law  and to remove those who have no valid asylum claims in the United  States.   As you can see here, this is--Immigration and Customs Enforcement is  the Federal Agency responsible for removing people who have illegally  come to the United States. As you can see, in fiscal year 2019, it was  over a quarter of a million. In fiscal year 2020, it was just under  200,000. In fiscal year 2021, it was just over 50,000. In fiscal year  2022, it was about 75,000. So not only has President Biden opened the  front door, he has closed the back door when it comes to removing  people who have no  [[Page S1697]]  legal right to be here in the United States.   Well, this isn't an accident. This is deliberate. This is a plan. And  it is an outrage.   This is all part of a deliberate effort. I have tried to figure it  out. OK, maybe the Biden administration doesn't understand or maybe we  just have a different interpretation of the law, but I have come to  conclude that that is not true, that it can't possibly be true. So my  only conclusion is that this is part of a deliberate plan: You let more  people in, and you remove fewer people who cannot legally be present  here in the United States.   The circumvention of lawful pathways rule is dangerous, and it is not  a serious effort to secure the border; it is a figleaf. And I will be  introducing a Congressional Review Act resolution to strike it down.   This rule is part of the Biden administration's shell game to conceal  the unprecedented level of illegal immigration on their watch. Because  of the loopholes, it will fail to deliver the serious consequences that  the administration claims, and it will fail to deter people from making  the long and dangerous journey to our border when they have no legal  claim to enter our country.   So I hope the Senate will soon vote to strike down this rule and send  a clear message to President Biden that his job is to enforce the law  as written.   I agree with the Senator from North Dakota, Senator Hoeven, when he  says the President has the tools. I mentioned expedited removal, which  President Bill Clinton signed into law. The President just simply  refuses to do the job he took an oath to do--to uphold and defend the  Constitution and laws of the United States. He has no authority to  rewrite the laws through executive actions or rulemaking, and I hope  the Senate will say so when we vote on the congressional resolution of  disapproval.   I yield the floor.   