 Mr. President, all of us have lived through the failed  experiment of mass mandatory masking. Today, I want to ensure that we  do not subject the American people to this tyranny again for the sake  of nothing.   We have recently seen a seasonal uptick of COVID cases across the  country. This is not something to worry about. I don't like this fact  that COVID is here to stay. Seasonal upticks in a respiratory virus are  exactly to be expected. They shouldn't cause panic from our leadership  or from our country, and they shouldn't cause us to reimpose a policy  that has failed time and time again.   Many are now calling to bring back mask mandates and regulate social  gatherings. I have heard some of my friends on the opposite side of the  aisle saying that no one is trying to do this, but let's just recapture  and summarize the last couple of weeks in August. Lionsgate studios  asked its employees to wear masks at their filming facility. Last week,  Kaiser Permanente reimposed a requirement of staff and visitors to wear  masks at its Santa Rosa, CA, facility. Schools such as Morris Brown  College in Atlanta, and even local public schools here in the DC area,  have reimposed mask mandates.   Now, it is not just that masks--according to randomized control  studies--do no good; it is that they could actively cause harm. We know  a generation of school children have suffered significant speech and  developmental disabilities because this country panicked instead of  using its brain and forced toddlers and small children to wear masks.  We cannot return to the failed policies of the COVID pandemic.   I am not mad that we screwed up. I made mistakes. Many people in this  body made mistakes. What I do think that we should avoid is repeating  the mistakes in 2023. Let's learn from the mistakes that we made  instead of just doubling down on them.   This policy does not set anything for an unlimited period of time. It  says that for the next 15 months, the government can't force you to  wear a mask on planes, on public transit, or in public schools.  Taxpayer dollars cannot be used to force and enforce a mandate against  our people. It is not setting a policy that we cannot deal with  pandemics in the future. If something else comes--God forbid--then let  this body deal with it at that time.   But now, let's heed the message from the American people, and let's  learn the lessons of the past couple of years. Mandatory masking was a  failure. It had costs for very little benefit, and we shouldn't repeat  it.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the  [[Page S4255]]  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 2738, the Freedom  to Breathe Act, which is at the desk; further, that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action  or debate.    Mr. President, let me offer a couple of thoughts in  response.    Mr. President, I know we are on a short timeline, but let  me just offer a couple of points in response, and then I will let this  body go on with its business.   No. 1, Senator Markey mentioned the tragic number of Americans, over  1 million, who lost their lives due to COVID. And I agree that it is a  tragedy, and I wish that we hadn't lost them. But we lost them in spite  of some of the most aggressive masking policies in the world. If  mandatory masking were going to save our citizens, it would have  already done so. That is the first point.   The second point is that this legislation doesn't prevent any of our  citizens from wearing masks. If you would like to wear a mask, of  course, you have the right to do so, but the Senator talked about  freedom. What I would like is for the freedom of a school child to not  be thrown out of the classroom because he doesn't want to wear a mask.  I would like the freedom of airline passengers to be able to go and  visit their families and not be thrown off an airplane because they  refuse to wear a mask. Freedom is fundamentally about respecting that  you might have a different view than I do, respecting that, accepting  it, and not using government mandates to force our fellow citizens to  do exactly what we want them to do but to let us all figure this out  together.   The final point that I will make here is I heard some pretty alarming  rhetoric from my friend on the other side of the aisle. We are about to  have some serious respiratory problems. We always do in the fall, and  maybe it will be worse this fall and this winter than before. But I  think that what our children most of all need--and I am the father of  three kids under the age of 7--they need us to not be ``Chicken  Little'' about every single respiratory pandemic and problem that  confronts this country.   We are going to have people who get sick from viruses. It has always  been thus, and the way to respond to it is with calmness, resolve, and  strategic thinking, not by pretending the world is ending because what  has always happened is going to happen once again.   We cannot repeat the anxiety, the stress, and the nonstop panic of  the last couple of years. That is what this legislation is about. End  the mandates; end the panic; and let's get back to some common sense.   I yield the floor.   