 Mr. President, yesterday, I joined Leader Schumer,  Senators Baldwin, Blumenthal, and Murray and a number of my colleagues  in introducing a piece of legislation that is urgently needed. It is  entitled the Women's Health Protection Act of 2023.   This bill would protect the right to obtain and provide reproductive  healthcare--as basic as anything in America--as well as the freedom of  Americans to seek this care free of medically unnecessary restrictions  or limitations as to where a patient can receive it.   It has been about 9 months since the Thomas-Alito Court ripped away  this fundamental right in America and put a target on the backs of  women and healthcare providers across the country. Since then, we have  heard one horror story after another--stories of rape victims as young  as 10 years old who have been forced to travel across State lines to  receive critical healthcare, stories of women who were suffering  miscarriages but still have been denied care by doctors in red States  where the doctors are afraid of being charged with a crime, stories of  women who have been abandoned by their State's leaders, many of whom  have found refuge in the State of Illinois.   Despite these stories of girls and women who have been denied  critical healthcare because of partisan politics, Republicans are  continuing to push dangerous abortion bans and restrictions. These  politicians think they know better than the women who are affected by  these decisions and their doctors.   Beware of the moment when legislators start playing doctor. They are  doing it all across America on this issue. They are wrong.   We need to respect the freedom and right of women and the expertise  of their medical professionals, period, and we need to recognize that  politicians have no business in the hospital room or in the doctor's  office. There should be a matter of privacy and respect that should be  guiding our policy.   If we want to defend freedom and fundamental rights in America, we  need to pass the Women's Health Protection Act.   The debate has even gone so far as to affect the corner drugstore.   This week, I was on the phone with the CEO of Walgreens, an Illinois- based company, one of the largest pharmacy companies in the United  States of America. They are torn currently by an announcement of policy  earlier this week which generated a lot of controversy: whether or not  they will dispense medications which are used to end a pregnancy.   I begged them to at least wait until this issue has become clearer in  the courts before taking a corporate position. The other major pharmacy  chains are making the same decision themselves. We will find out what  they conclude.   But it is an indication that this debate has gone far beyond the  floor of the U.S. Senate in Washington--it is on your street corner; it  is in your mall; it is in the shopping center that you have been going  to all your life--as to whether or not you can have access to a drug  that was judged safe and effective 20 years ago by the Federal  Government.   That is what happens when legislators decide to be doctors.    Mr. President, today, the Senate will vote to confirm  Judge James Simmons, Jr., who has been nominated to the U.S. District  Court for the Southern District of California.   Born in Inglewood, CA, Judge Simmons received his B.A. from the  University of California at Berkeley in 2001 and went on to earn his  J.D. at Golden Gate University School of Law in 2004. Judge Simmons  began his legal career as a deputy city attorney for the city of San  Diego in 2005, a role in which he tried 19 jury trials on behalf of the  city in 1 year. In 2006, he became a trial attorney at the San Diego  District Attorney's Office. As an attorney in the gang prosecution  unit, Judge Simmons tried 30 jury trials over 11 years. Since 2017,  Judge Simmons has served as a Superior Court judge for the San Diego  Superior Court. Having presided over thousands of matters and 12 bench  trials, Judge Simmons has notably never been reversed by a reviewing  court.   The American Bar Association has unanimously rated Judge Simmons  ``well qualified'' to serve on the Southern District of California, and  Senators Feinstein and Padilla strongly support his nomination as well.   I will be supporting this highly qualified nominee, and I urge all of  my colleagues to do the same.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. Fetterman) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Mrs. Feinstein), and the Senator from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Fetterman) are necessarily absent.    Mr. President, today, the Senate will vote on the  nomination of Justice Maria Kahn, who has been nominated to the U.S.  Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.   Since 2017, Justice Kahn has served as an associate justice for the  Connecticut Supreme Court. Over the past 6 years, she has authored over  55 opinions. Prior to her appointment, she also briefly served on the  Connecticut Appellate Court, where she authored eight opinions. Justice  Kahn began her judicial career on the State's Superior Court in 2006  and presided over thousands of matters, 50 criminal trials, and several  civil trials.   Prior to joining the bench, Justice Kahn spent her entire time in  practice in government service. She began her legal career as a deputy  assistant public defender for the Connecticut Public  [[Page S735]]  Defender Services in 1991. In 1993, she became a staff attorney in the  Connecticut Office of Protection and Advocacy for Persons with  Disabilities. Most recently, Justice Kahn served as an Assistant U.S.  Attorney for the District of Connecticut. As an AUSA, she worked in the  civil division from 1997 to 1999 and the criminal division from 1999 to  2004 before being promoted to computer crimes coordinator. Across these  roles, she tried dozens of cases and argued two appeals before the  Second Circuit and one before the Connecticut Supreme Court.   Born in Benguela, Angola, Justice Kahn immigrated to the United  States when she was 10. She earned her B.A. cum laude from New York  University in 1986 and her J.D. from Fordham Law School in 1989. She  also clerked for the Honorable Peter C. Dorsey on the U.S. District  Court for the District of Connecticut for 2 years.   Justice Kahn enjoys the strong support of Senators Blumenthal and  Murphy, and she has been unanimously rated ``well qualified'' by the  American Bar Association to serve on the Second Circuit. I hope all of  my colleagues will join me in supporting this eminently qualified  nominee.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Mrs. Feinstein), and the Senator from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Fetterman) are necessarily absent.   