 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give a voice to the voiceless all across  our country and to speak out against the culture of death that has been  perpetuated by the abortion industry here in America.   Our Founding Fathers enshrined in the Declaration of Independence the  unalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. I  thought it very telling that our Vice President was speaking on this  very issue just the other day, and she only mentioned two of those  unalienable rights--only two of them. She left out life. I think she  left out life because that is where we are at now. We talk about a  culture of death, and we don't talk about life.   Our Nation cannot sit idly by as 1 million unborn children have this  life taken from them every year--every year. This is advancing the  normalizing of this culture of death.   Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to stand before you now and celebrate the  fact that this culture of death is turning. The Supreme Court Dobbs  decision doesn't end abortion in America, but by placing abortion  decisions at the State level where it belongs, voters now have a  greater voice in shaping our abortion laws. But that doesn't stop our  resolve at the Federal level.   Throughout my time in Congress, I have fought to pass laws that  respect life at every stage from conception to natural death and  support both mothers and babies before and after birth.   Earlier this month, I proudly joined with my colleagues in the House  to pass H.R. 26, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act,  which simply ensures that babies who survive failed abortions receive  the same life-saving care that all babies who live can receive. It is  amazing to think that we have to pass a law like this.   Last week, I joined Congressman Alex Mooney to again introduce the  Life and Conception Act which recognizes the humanity and life of the  unborn and ensures they receive equal protection under the 14th  Amendment.   Mr. Speaker, whether we take a child's life in the womb or we take it  at First and Main, that is simply geography. Life is our most precious  gift from God, and it is our obligation to protect the most basic of  rights for our next generation.   