 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H. Res. 461.   Like clockwork, we are here, yet again, taking up another proposal  that, among other things, purports to improve school safety but does  nothing to address gun violence in schools or improve students' mental  health.   So far this Congress, the Republican priorities for K-12 education  have focused almost entirely on so-called culture wars. First, the  House Republicans passed legislation to ban books. The House then  advanced legislation targeting trans students.   We just debated an impeachment resolution, and now the House is  considering a proposal that would encourage taking away funding from  schools whose facilities are used to temporarily house refugees and  immigrants.   Schools are routinely used to temporarily house people in emergencies  like hurricanes or earthquakes. So now I guess they are suggesting that  we check citizenship papers before we let people in.   The resolution falsely implies that temporarily using school  facilities to house immigrants leads to learning loss, but there is no  evidence to support that claim.   Addressing learning loss and helping students make up for lost time  in the classroom is what we did last year, without a Republican vote,  when we made historic investments in the American Rescue Plan to help  schools make up for lost time by funding after-school, summer  mentorship programs, and other initiatives to actually make up for lost  time.   But we cannot continue to meaningfully address learning loss or meet  students' mental health needs if all we are talking about is taking  away Federal funds from schools.   Moreover, any conversation about school safety that does not  meaningfully address gun violence, is not a serious conversation. This  is a haphazard proposal and another distraction. Since it is a  nonbinding resolution, it doesn't actually do anything the supporters  of the resolution say need to be done.   It does nothing to improve immigration policy. It doesn't even stop  the use of schools to house immigrants. This is a nonbinding  resolution.   If my colleagues are serious about addressing learning loss, we  should be talking about evidence-based strategies that meet the needs  of our students. There is nothing in the resolution that addresses  learning loss or mental health.   If my colleagues were serious about school safety, we should be  confronting what is actually killing them. Parents, teachers, and  students are demanding that we take up meaningful legislation to  address gun violence. There is nothing in the resolution to address gun  violence.   I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 461.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Garcia).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. Ramirez).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute  to the gentlewoman from Texas.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici), the ranking member of the Early  Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Madam Speaker, it is unfortunate that House Republican priorities for  K-12 education are focused entirely on distractions. Instead of  devising ways to meaningfully address learning loss or gun violence in  schools, here we are, threatening to withhold Federal funds from K-12  schools that do not adhere to the extreme MAGA agenda.   The reality is that H. Res. 461 does nothing to address the real  issues confronting students today. This is a nonbinding resolution, so  it does nothing to fund education. It doesn't even prevent schools from  being used to house undocumented immigrants.   One thing that we have to come to grips with is complaining about a  problem doesn't solve the problem. Complaining about immigration policy  doesn't solve the problem. Complaining about schools doesn't address  any of the underlying problems. It doesn't fix anything. What this  resolution is, is an opportunity to complain, but it doesn't do  anything.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the resolution, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   