 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 7, a resolution  to terminate the COVID-19 emergency declaration, a resolution  introduced by Representative Gosar.   The coronavirus pandemic has been a public health and economic  calamity for our country. We lost over 1 million of our fellow citizens  to this deadly virus in wave after wave of devastating news for  families. Entire industries have been forced to shut down and then  restart from a standstill. Others have had to entirely reimagine the  way they do business, costing billions of dollars in the process.   The impact of the pandemic was inequitable in the extreme. The  digital divide grew even wider as those with internet access could work  from home or go to school from home while others were left behind.  Transportation workers, healthcare workers, law enforcement, and  grocery store workers were all unable to work from home, leaving them  at an elevated risk during a very dangerous time.   But thanks to actions of the previous Congress, including the  American Rescue Plan, the CHIPS and Science Act, the Inflation  Reduction Act, and the bipartisan infrastructure law, we are well on  our way to robust recovery from this dark chapter of our Nation's  history.   However, our work is not done. New variants continue to emerge,  taking a toll on our workforce and exacerbating the labor shortage  facing many businesses. Healthcare workers are still on the front lines  of this pandemic. Last week, they saw nearly 4,000 Americans die from  COVID.   Terminating the emergency declaration now sends the wrong message and  could have consequences for public health and safety. In my State  alone, we had over 4,000 cases in last week.   The uncertain impact of long COVID, particularly on those with  preexisting health conditions, adds a layer of complexity to our path  to normalcy.   With these complex issues still facing businesses, local leaders, and  the American people, it would be harmful and irresponsible to force a  premature end to the flexibility offered by the Presidential emergency  declaration from March of 2020.   President Biden has no intention of using these emergency powers  forever. We know that because he announced his intention to end the  COVID-19 national emergency on May 11. This May deadline provides time  to develop a strategic and a thoughtful plan regarding the termination  of these authorities. There is no need for Congress to act now before  the President acts on this issue. Forcing an end to the emergency  declaration without regard to the consequences is shortsighted and  wrong.   There are many examples where a rushed move to end the national  emergency declaration could have unintended negative consequences for  the U.S. Ending the emergency declaration would roll back the  enrollment and payment deadlines for individuals who have lost their  jobs to sign up for COBRA or pay COBRA premiums. This will mean  burdensome deadlines on consumers who get healthcare coverage from job- based plans, including laid-off workers and their families.   Ending the emergency declaration will reverse efforts to address mass  incarceration and prison crowding by terminating the CARES Act home  confinement provisions. This makes it difficult for the Bureau of  Prisons to protect inmates who are at high risk of serious illness or  death from COVID-19.   Ending the emergency declaration will end video court proceedings.  This is inefficient and will cost marshals time and money if they  resume transporting inmates back and forth to court.   Ending the emergency declaration will cut preplanned sickness  benefits and unemployment benefits for rail workers. It is wrong to cut  these earned benefits when rail workers need them most.   Ending the emergency declaration will also threaten Victims of Crime  Assistance funding, or VOCA funding, a critical lifeline for  individuals and children dealing with the aftermath of being a victim  to crime.   The administration has a plan to bring the national emergency  declaration to an orderly end on May 11, aligning with its commitment  to give at least 60 days' notice prior to termination. I think this is  a sensible and reasoned approach that Congress should support.   We shouldn't be using an ax when a scalpel will do. Rushing this  resolution to the floor is the wrong approach, and I urge my colleagues  to oppose it.  [[Page H609]]    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I just note that there is no  record that the national emergency exacerbated supply chain problems in  the U.S. There is every record in evidence that COVID exacerbated  supply chain problems in the U.S., bringing our economy to a  standstill, and in my view, every evidence that the investment in the  bipartisan infrastructure law and the CHIPS and Science Act are doing  exactly what they needed to do, to bring our economy back. There is no  evidence otherwise. Just saying that for the record.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, thank you for that  announcement.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.  [[Page H610]]    I would just note that everyone is looking forward to the day when  COVID-19 is a distant memory. But we have to work toward that day  cautiously and steadily, and the emergency declaration should not be  terminated until there is time to conduct a careful review on science.  It should not be terminated on the whim of any one Member of Congress.   The administration has a plan to bring the national emergency  declaration to an orderly end on May 11, aligning with their commitment  to give at least 60 days' notice prior to the termination. I think it  is a sensible and reasoned approach that Congress should support.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would just note that if we  are going cite President Biden's comment that the pandemic is over,  will the House also agree with the President that there will be no cuts  to Social Security and Medicare?   Will the House also agree that President Biden has said that the  economy has turned around, creating 11 million jobs, and the economy is  robust?   If we are going to pick and choose what the President says to make  any one argument, then let's look at the totality of the President's  record, in fairness to the President.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr.  Payne).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute  to the gentleman from New Jersey.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman from New Jersey.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle are fond of quoting the President and saying the  pandemic is over. I just hope they will also agree with the President  that we have had the 2 strongest years of job growth in history the  last 2 years. We have had the lowest level of unemployment in 50 years.  We have a new record low unemployment for Black and Hispanic Americans  and record low unemployment for people with disabilities.   I hope as they are picking and choosing what they choose to agree  with the President on, that they look at these facts, and also come out  and agree with the President that these are also the facts.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, the administration has a plan  to bring the national emergency declaration to an early end on May 11,  aligning with its commitment to at least 60 days' notice prior to  termination. This gives time for a deliberate and sensible wind down of  the national emergency.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to oppose H.J. Res. 7, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   