 Mr. Speaker, China is cheating America. They know it. You  know it. I know it. Everybody knows it. China is avoiding the tariffs  both Presidents Obama and Trump agreed upon by shipping solar panels  through other countries in Southeast Asia and simply slapping a new  label on them.   It is an undeniable fact, investigated and verified by the U.S.  Department of Commerce. According to the U.S. Department of Labor, the  CCP--the Chinese Communist Party--has detained more than 1 million  Uyghurs and other minorities in China's far western Xinjiang region.   An astounding 1 million people detained. To put that in perspective,  that is nearly the equivalent of every man, woman, and child in most of  our congressional districts. Many of these people have been forced into  labor camps and factories to produce goods for the Chinese Communist  Party loyalists to sell around the globe.   China produces 18 goods using forced or slave labor. Any use of slave  labor is morally wrong. We know that, and China is by far the world's  biggest offender.   Among the products produced by the Uyghurs and others through forced  labor are electronics and polysilicon, which is used to make solar  panels. Over 50 percent of the country's production of polysilicon  takes place in Xinjiang. Some of those solar panels are the very same  solar panels we are talking about here today.   According to the U.S. Department of Labor, these are some of the  conditions that Uyghurs and others in China's western region face as  they make solar panels: They receive little pay; they are not allowed  to leave; they have limited or no communication with  [[Page H2574]]  their family members; and they must learn Mandarin and undergo an  ideological indoctrination. That is truly barbaric, and we shouldn't  sell out our production to help them.   The regulation in question violates both our laws about importing  products made with forced labor and enables these labor practices to  continue.   I feel sure everyone in this Chamber despises the evils of slavery  and slave labor. In a few minutes we will have the chance to see just  who talks the talk and who walks the walk. If we pass this resolution,  we can help put a stop to China's cheating and slave labor.   Make no mistake, people can still buy all the Chinese solar panels  that they want to buy. We are not stopping them from doing that. We are  not making solar panels unavailable. All we are saying is that they  have to pay a tariff. Pay the fair tariff that President Obama and  President Trump both agreed upon.   I would be remiss in not thanking some of my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle for cosponsoring this commonsense resolution and  working to make it bipartisan: The gentleman from Michigan (Mr.  Kildee), the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), the gentlewoman  from Alabama (Ms. Sewell), and the gentleman from California (Mr.  Khanna).   Please walk the walk and vote in favor of this resolution to put  American workers, American products, and the United States of America  first.   