 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Utah, our new  vice chairman, and congratulate him, as well.   Mr. Speaker, President Biden consistently has stated that he never  discussed business with Hunter Biden's associates. This is a lie. Let  me repeat that for my colleagues across the aisle. It is a lie.   Throughout our extensive investigation and from the lips of credible  witnesses, it is abundantly clear that the Biden family business is Joe  Biden. Let me emphasize, there is no Biden family business except for  Joe Biden's 40-plus-year career in Washington, D.C. That has been the  family business.   As a member of the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability,  we have followed the paper trail and we have conducted our  investigation by the book. We have discovered damming evidence and we  continue to do so every day.   Our investigation has led to some alarming and eye-opening findings,  which point to the President's knowledge and involvement in illegal  business transactions.   For example, in 2018, James Biden, the President's brother, received  $600,000 in a loan from Americore, a financially distressed and failing  rural hospital operator. Bankruptcy court documents suggest that James  Biden received these loans based upon representations that his last  name, Biden, could open doors in the Middle East based on his political  connections. We all know James Biden doesn't have political  connections, Joe Biden, his brother, has political connections.   Specifically, Americore wired a $200,000 loan into the account of  James and Sara Biden. Here is what makes the evidence damming. On the  same day, James Biden wrote a $200,000 check from the same account  addressed to his brother, Joe Biden. For the American people, the  brother of James Biden is the President of the United States.   The next example is an email obtained by the Committee from a Hunter  Biden associate mentioning that 10 percent of the relevant joint  venture be held by Hunter for the big guy. Ten percent of a relevant  joint venture was held for the big guy.   At this point in the Committee's investigation, we have established  that Joe Biden is the big guy. Through the web of transactions that  purposefully tried to hide the big guy's involvement, let me stress  again that Joe Biden is the Biden family business.   Let me illustrate an example of the confusing web of transactions. A  Chinese company sent $5 million to a joint venture between Hunter and  an associate. That same day, the joint venture sent $400,000 to an  entity that Hunter Biden controls alone. Less than a week later, Hunter  Biden wired $150,000 from this entity to a company owned by James Biden  and Sara Biden. James Biden, the President's brother.   Sara Biden later withdrew $50,000 from the same company. Less than a  week later, Sara wrote a personal check to Joe Biden, aka the big guy,  aka the President of the United States, for $40,000--the 10 percent of  the $400,000 that was mentioned in the email by the associate to Hunter  Biden.   Another example is when a confidential human source overheard a  Burisma executive claiming to have bribed then-Vice President Joe Biden  for $5 million. As I stated earlier, Joe Biden  [[Page H5976]]  consistently says that he never discussed business with Hunter Biden's  associates. This was a blatant lie by the Commander in Chief and the  American people deserve to know the truth.   Joe Biden never thought that the Oversight Committee would get this  far in its investigation, and additional damming evidence will soon be  revealed to the American people.    This leads me to my next point. The Foreign Agents Registration Act,  more commonly known as FARA--to be clear, Hunter Biden has never  registered as a foreign agent, despite his lucrative work being done on  behalf of foreign interests and his many travels on Air Force Two. That  wasn't just because he missed his dad.   Specifically, Hunter has been documenting business transactions with  a Chinese Government-based energy company called CEFC. Interestingly  enough, the same company, CEFC, is the same one that is affiliated with  the company that sent $5 million to Hunter Biden.   How is this not the definition of being and acting as a foreign  agent?   Paul Manafort was convicted for far less.   The time is now to open up an impeachment investigation pertaining to  the President's direct link to blatant corruption, pay-for-play  tactics, and acting as a co-conspirator to crimes committed by his  family on behalf of Joe Biden himself.   The Committee will continue to do our due diligence. We will not be  worried about the distractions from the Democrats and from the press.  We will dig through the confusing web of Biden LLCs.   Mr. Speaker, the confusion of these companies and the confusion of  these transactions were done on purpose to conceal this money from the  American people and to conceal the money from the Internal Revenue  Service.   Joe Biden likes to talk about everybody paying their fair share,  except him and except his son. They are not concerned about a fair  share. We are going to continue to uncover all of this.   We are going to answer and uncover all of the information that is  going to outline exactly why, in my opinion, as I represent the 19th  District of Florida, why Joe Biden deserves to be impeached.   Mr. Speaker, the President of the United States has taken money from  foreign sources. Meanwhile, the world is on fire. Is the President  compromised?   Do agents in the Chinese Government have the upper hand on the  President of the United States while our enemies are on the move?   These are serious questions that the House of Representatives has a  responsibility to have answered. The way to get all that information is  through the impeachment inquiry, which will continue here in the  people's House.   