 Madam President, I am proud to stand in the gap. I am  proud to stand in this foxhole with my friends and my colleagues and  with the Democratic whip from Illinois, Senator Durbin, and my friend  Senator Welch from Vermont.   The Democratic whip is right. The Senate has to choose. Who are we  going to listen to? Are we going to listen to Wall Street, or are we  going to listen to the folks back home?   Across Kansas, everyone is feeling the impacts of inflation. Family  budgets are being stretched to the absolute limit, with little room for  error. So you can imagine the shock in Kansans' eyes when I tell them,  this year, they will spend over $1,000 in hidden credit  [[Page S4429]]  card swipe fees--which is really a tax. These swipe fees are really  just another additional tax--in this case, a 2- to 4-percent tax paid  to Wall Street--on top of every purchase you make.   These fees are baked into nearly every purchase you make, whether it  is your morning coffee--that Starbucks cup of coffee that you are  paying $7, $8 for, you are going to send 2 percent more, 3 percent, 4  percent more to Wall Street. When you stop and fill up your gas tank-- again, $50, $100 of gas--you are going to spend 2 or 3 percent, sending  that to Wall Street. On school supplies, shopping, groceries, every  time you swipe your card--every time--the Visa and Mastercard duopoly  and Wall Street megabanks line their pockets.   Madam President, I rise today with a clear message to Wall Street:  Enough is enough.   And before you feel sorry for these multibillion-dollar industries, I  want to remind everyone that on top of the nearly $100 billion in fees  Americans pay to Wall Street, these banks charge an average of 25  percent interest to consumers. The average consumer in America carries  a balance of over $1,000 every month--25 percent interest. Back home,  we would call that highway robbery.   At a time when Kansans are facing the highest inflation prices in 40  years, small businesses are fighting to keep their losses and their  costs low while Wall Street plots their next payday, announcing, as the  whip said, that they are doubling down and hiking up their fees on  merchants and consumers yet again this fall.   Now, I, for one, am not going to stand for the massive wealthy  corporations price-gouging small businesses at every turn. In fact, as  I speak, swipe fees here in America are a staggering seven times higher  than those in the European Union. Americans are paying seven times more  for this swipe fee than the folks in the European Union are.   Now, that is not a trivial difference. That is a canyon-size gap. Why  should our small businesses and, by extension, our consumers bear such  a disproportionate burden to our friends in the EU? Are payments seven  times more secure in America than in the rest of the world? Of course  not. Is the Visa-Mastercard duopoly providing American consumers seven  times the value and customer service they provide their EU customers?  Of course not.   It is simple: They are exploiting our weakness. Due to this lack of  competition in the payment processing industry, Visa and Mastercard are  grabbing every penny they can from small businesses and consumers until  this gets fixed.   When I was first sworn in, my friend and mentor, the late, great  Senator Bob Dole, gave me the best advice I could ever get. He said:  Listen to Kansans. When you have a concern, when you don't know what to  do, go back home and listen to Kansans.   And I am sure my colleagues are hearing the same voices that I am  hearing back home.   In August, I went to visit a little grocery store in Conway Springs.  It was called Hired Man's Grocery & Grill. Hired Man's Grocery & Grill  is run by a wonderful couple, Jenny and Clint; and their employees, for  the most part, are high school students. They are the only grocery  store in town. That is why they opened it. They were indeed in a  desert--a food desert. They are the only ones in the community with  fresh produce and butchered cuts of meat as well. Their products are  crucial to the success of the town, and without their help, this  community would have no grocery store.   When I visited them, they shared with me their challenges: Inflation  is raising prices for their business, and swipe fees are eating away at  their profits. In fact, they are paying more in swipe fees than they do  for utilities or employee healthcare--more in swipe fees than utilities  or their employee healthcare.   Now, back in Kansas, we have a saying: Pigs get fat; hogs get  slaughtered.   Visa and Mastercard have gotten hoggish on the backs of hard-working  Americans.   I understand my colleagues from the great State of Illinois and  Vermont and I have bull's-eyes on our backs, and those who support this  legislation are being attacked by misleading ads. But I guess that just  simply means we are over the target.   But when we have legislation that will benefit every single person in  Vermont, Illinois, Kansas, and every American who uses a credit card, I  am moving full speed ahead.   Now, just a couple of weeks ago, Visa announced they plan to raise  their swipe fees on merchants again. The problem is these megabanks  have no guardrails. They can play fast and loose with your money  because no one can stop them. Sadly, the credit card industry has been  enriched by the COVID-19 pandemic that pushed us further into a  cashless society.   Inflation is impacting every corner of our country, putting the  American dream further out of reach for millions, but not Visa. Listen  to what the Visa CEO said. He even admitted that inflation has a  ``positive'' impact for them. Inflation? Visa and Mastercard welcome  the inflation. Why? Because these swipe fees are inflation multipliers,  and Wall Street is the benefactor.   I want to go back and talk about that little grocery store in rural  Kansas. Jenny and Clint and other small businesses across the State  have little to no wiggle room in their budgets, but the big banks press  on, tightening the grip on similar mom-and-pop businesses across  America.   Wall Street doesn't care about my friends in Conway Springs, that  they would lose their town's only grocery store, forcing everyone to  drive 40 miles each way to get some milk, to get some food for their  families.   And while these financial titans may have their hands around the  necks of merchants, I can promise you that leaders like Senator Durbin,  Senator Welch, and myself are going to keep fighting for justice and  doing the right thing. We will fight for our Main Street small  businesses and choose hard-working Americans over Wall Street every  single time.   Look, the credit card market is broken, but we have a solution to fix  it. The Credit Card Competition Act will level the playing field for  merchants by injecting competition into the credit card payment  industry--not a price cap but more competition--with the bank that  issues the card picking the alternative interchange.    And, oh, by the way, financial institutions with a value of less than  $100 billion are excluded from this legislation.   Our legislation forces Visa and Mastercard to come to the table and  compete with other companies in the industry, and, in doing so, we will  drive down the costs for merchants and consumers.   Let me be clear. Competition is always a good thing for consumers.  Our Credit Card Competition Act will lower the cost of doing business  for Jenny and Clint in their store in Conway Springs, and, in turn, it  is going to lower those bills for American consumers in the checkout  lane.   My message of hope to the merchants across the country is that help  is on the way. We hope to be voting on our Credit Card Competition Act  soon, and when that time comes, we hope other leaders in this Senate  body will be willing to stand up to Wall Street and fight for hard- working families. I hope all our colleagues will listen, not only to  the folks back home but also to the thousands of your small businesses  who are pleading for relief. And, please, choose those voices over Wall  Street.   I yield the floor.   