 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 734,  the Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act.   In 2022, UVA swimmer and Olympic medalist Emma Weyant was the fastest  woman in NCAA division 1 women's 500-yard freestyle race.  Unfortunately, she was awarded second place. That is because Lia  Thomas, a man, was allowed to swim against her and beat her for the  national championship trophy.   Lia Thomas, whose given name at birth is William Thomas, ranks 65th  among men in the 500-yard men's freestyle; however, he could beat all  the biological women. A female student athlete at nearby Virginia Tech  lost her opportunity to compete in the finals because a man took her  place.   Sadly, Reka Gyorgy was one spot away from reaching her lifelong dream  and qualifying for the championship finals. Reka did not blame Lia  Thomas, but she did write a letter to the NCAA that said: ``This is my  last college meet ever and I feel frustrated. . . . That final spot was  taken away from me because of the NCAA's decision to let someone who is  not a biological female compete. . . . You could say I had the  opportunity to swim faster and make the top 16, but . . . I can't help  but be angry. . . . This is the result of the NCAA and their lack of  interest in protecting their athletes.''   The NCAA pretends to provide fairness by allowing men to compete as  women against true women if they just complete one year of testosterone  suppression. Common sense and science tell us that no amount of  testosterone  [[Page H1863]]  suppression can undo biology. We are all created immutably male or  female, and every one of our trillion or so cells are either male or  female.   In fact, the University of Nebraska exercise science professor, Dr.  Gregory Brown, has published a study that shows that the athletic  advantage of men exists even before puberty and persists even with  testosterone suppression.    Men have a 40 to 50 percent greater muscle mass  than women, but on average testosterone suppression only results in a 5  percent reduction.   The left wants to rob talented women and girls of opportunities to  succeed and to achieve their dreams in the swimming pool, on the court,  and on the field because they can't or won't define what a woman is.   The American people know this is wrong, and I am proud to vote  ``yes'' for this bill to protect women and girls in sports.   