 Madam President, the CHIPS for America Act uses innovative  funding tools to incentivize private companies to construct, modernize,  or expand advanced semiconductor manufacturing facilities in the United  States. Properly structured, these incentives can encourage companies  to build more facilities, faster, than without Federal support. In  order to maximize this opportunity to bring chip manufacturing back to  the United States, we can't allow redundant regulations to delay  projects already underway.   The benefit of Federal funding has influenced the pace of investment  in the U.S. At the same time, Federal funding doesn't control the  outcome of projects that are currently being constructed. The role of  the Department of Commerce under the CHIPS for America Act is to  determine whether the project is worthy of investing taxpayer dollars.   The enactment of the CHIPS for America Act has greatly accelerated  the pace of investment in the U.S., but a Federal grant will not create  control over the outcome of project plans that are already being  implemented. Notably, Arizona has four new leading-edge semiconductor  fabs under construction. These were announced after the CHIPS for  America Act was enacted and with the hope for potential Federal  support, but companies aren't going to walk away from the multi-billion  investment they have already made into these ongoing projects.   The change to the definition of ``major Federal action'' included in  section 111 of H.R. 3746, the Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023, will  ensure that certain projects that would not otherwise be subject to the  National Environmental Policy Act--NEPA--do not in fact trigger NEPA  simply by receiving a Federal incentive investment through programs,  like the CHIPS for America Act, where the provision of Federal funds  does not control the outcome of the project. It is important to note  that privately funded semiconductor manufacturing facilities undergo  significant environmental reviews.   I am grateful that H.R. 3746 clarifies the scope of NEPA as it  applies to this narrow subset of projects where Federal agencies do not  control the outcome of a project.   