 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to  10 minutes prior to the scheduled rollcall votes.    Mr. President, I often speak of Hoosiers whose service,  patriotism, and sacrifice capture the spirit we celebrate on civic  holidays. For Flag Day, however, I rise to share the story of a Hoosier  who didn't merely embody the occasion. She helped establish it, and she  made history too.   Alice Sanger played such an important part in Benjamin Harrison's  Presidential campaign in 1888 as a stenographer that he made her an  important part of his Presidential staff. So Alice left her home in  Indianapolis for Washington, DC, to become the first woman ever to  serve on a President's staff.   This historic distinction doesn't quite capture the breadth of  Alice's service to the President and to our Nation. Neither did her  title of ``clerk'' or contemporary reporters' descriptions of her,  which often dwelled on her looks and her clothes.   So let me share with you what this clerk did in the White House. It  is quite remarkable.   A renaissance woman who was skilled with a paintbrush and had an ear  for music, Alice could take dictation at 200 words a minute without a  single misspelling.   She had a discretion seldom seen in Washington--now or then--and she  was known as a ``jewel of secrecy'' in the White House.   Not only did she type President Harrison's annual address to  Congress, she was given sole responsibility of safekeeping it until it  was sent here to the Capitol.   She personally read through all of the President's and First Lady  Caroline Harrison's correspondence, and she answered much of it in her  own hand. During the late 19th century, no woman's signature was better  known in America than Alice's.   In 1893, after losing his bid for reelection, Harrison left the White  House but Alice remained. You see, she was so essential to the  executive branch's function that the new President, Grover Cleveland,  from a different political party, asked her to stay on.   In 1894, she moved to the Post Office Department, which was then a  significant Cabinet-level Agency. She was no less indispensable in that  capacity. For decades, she managed budgets and advertising. She kept  track of regulations and postal laws, and she assembled the 700-page  directive that guided the operations of every post office in America.   She was a masterful organizer. She planned war bond drives, donations  to the Red Cross, and holiday celebrations, including the one we mark  today.   Now, the idea of commemorating the day in 1777 when the Continental  Congress created our national banner was not her own. Celebrations of  the American flag were staged periodically around the country, dating  back to the 1860s. But in 1908, Alice, as part of her responsibilities  at the post office, planned and staged a grand celebration for Flag  Day.   The sound of bands and distinguished speakers lifted out of the Old  Post Office building's courtyard, where a giant American flag hung. In  the years that followed, other government departments joined in the  celebration with their own Flag Day festivities, in large part due to  Alice's efforts. States followed suit, many with input from Alice  herself, who advised local post offices on appropriate celebrations.   Presidents Wilson and Coolidge recognized Flag Day with  proclamations, and, in 1949, the 81st Congress passed and Harry Truman  signed legislation formally establishing its observance.   You see, there is some harmony between Alice's career and her work to  promote Flag Day. When we look up at the Stars and Stripes, we catch  America's reflection. It is a symbol of our ideals, after all. Wherever  it waves, on battlefields where we have defended it, alongside the  graves of those who have died for it, in front of the places where its  democracy lives--courthouses in our towns and statehouses in our  cities, the dome under which we meet, and from the homes across the  Republic for which it stands--our flag represents the promise of  freedom and self-government; that any man or woman can live their life  in pursuit of happiness. But it also is a reminder that the work of  honoring those ideals goes on.   It is fitting then that, on Flag Day, we remember Indiana's Alice  Sanger. This Hoosier served her country so faithfully in an era where  pathways for women to do so were so few.   So, on Flag Day, we raise a pair of salutes: one to Old Glory,  forever may she fly; and a second to the trailblazing spirit of  Americans like Alice, long may it live.   I yield the floor.   