 Madam President, in reserving the right to object, let me  address a few of my distinguished colleague from Illinois' comments.   First of all, while it is true that my hold policy regarding the  Department of Justice is not focused on any particular nominee, I do  think this particular nominee is particularly troublesome, and let me  just talk about why.   Ms. Perry is a figure who served as the chief ethics officer in the  Cook County State's Attorney's Office during the Jussie Smollett hate  crime hoax. You may remember that from a few years ago. This is when a  person accused people of engaging in a false hate crime, took a ton of  State resources to investigate it, and it turned out the entire thing  was fraudulent and meant to gin up publicity for Mr. Smollett.   Everyone pretty much agrees that Ms. Foxx, who was the State's  attorney at the time, engaged in some pretty unethical behavior, and  Ms. Perry effectively rubberstamped it. Is she the sort of person who  could be entrusted to impartially administer justice in the Biden- Garland Department of Justice? I don't think she is. So I will be  voting against her nomination. I also object to giving a streamlined  confirmation process for her.   Now, the Senator from Illinois is apparently hell-bent on coming  before the Chamber every single week to litigate what I think and  believe is a corrupt and politicized Department of Justice. He makes  much--and he makes much every single time we engage in this exercise-- about the fact that the Department of Justice has never had this kind  of hold policy placed on it before. I agree. This is a new and unique  circumstance.   What is much different about the Trump administration Department of  Justice and the Merrick Garland-Joe Biden Department of Justice is that  Donald Trump never tried to throw his political opponents in prison.  This is crazy, banana republic stuff, and I will not stand for it.   I will continue to hold these nominations, and I will continue to  push back against the politicization of justice.   Finally, let me just say that what I have asked for and what I will  continue to ask for is that these nominees go through regular order.  The Senator knows well what everybody else knows, which is that, as one  Senator, I cannot prevent the confirmation of these nominees however  much I might like to. What I can do is force us to go through regular  order.   I asked for a vote, Senator Durbin. You can invoke cloture. We can  vote on cloture. We can then do a recorded vote. That is what we have  done with many, many nominees, and because of the corruption of Merrick  Garland's Department of Justice, it is what I ask with this nominee and  with any in the future.   Because of that, Madam President, I object.   