 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution  199, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 27) providing for  congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States  Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of the Army, Corps of  Engineers, Department of Defense and the Environmental Protection  Agency relating to ``Revised Definition of `Waters of the United  States' '', and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on H.J. Res. 27.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of H.J. Res. 27, which I  introduced, to negate an ill-timed and ill-conceived rule coming out of  the Biden administration which, if Congress fails to act, will go into  effect later this month.   The Clean Water Act is landmark legislation that was signed into law  50 years ago that has greatly improved the health of the Nation's  waters.   Unfortunately, we have consistently seen increasingly expansive  interpretations of the Clean Water Act result in the implementation of  a flawed and overreaching water policy. This has hindered our ability  to achieve the Clean Water Act's true underlying water quality goals.   There is no clearer example of this overreach than the debate over  the definition of waters of the United States, or WOTUS.   Decades of agency interpretation and misinterpretations have created  uncertainty for rural communities, for farmers, for ranchers, for  businesses and industries who rely on clean water.   Although the 2020 Navigable Waters Protection Rule finally provided  long-awaited clarity on the scope of WOTUS, the new administration  decided to unravel the water protection rule and attempt to replace it,  once again, creating confusion and chaos.   The definition of WOTUS matters to the everyday lives of people all  over the country, including in my district.   For instance, I have a constituent who wanted to build a pond on his  property and had received local and State permits to do just that. But  then the Army Corps of Engineers, they stepped in and they said he  would have  [[Page H1222]]  to spend $165,000 in environmental mitigation. This is absolutely  outrageous.   Returning to a more costly, burdensome, and broad WOTUS definition  could have a massive impact on local communities and Americans' ability  to do their jobs and manage their own private property.   I urge support of this joint resolution to stop this burdensome and  overreaching WOTUS rule.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Rouzer), the cosponsor of the  resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Williams), the chairman of the Small Business  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Crawford).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson), the chairman of the House  Agriculture Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds  to the gentleman from Illinois.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Van Orden).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. Hageman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Duarte).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. LaMalfa).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Mann).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Williams).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Washington (Mr. Newhouse), who is the chairman of the  Congressional Western Caucus.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Stauber).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Colorado (Mrs. Boebert).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Burlison).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Meuser).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Brecheen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, while the Clean Water Act has greatly  improved the health of our Nation's waters, expansive interpretations  of it have also led to a whole lot of uncertainty in the 50 years since  it was passed, specifically when it comes to the definition of WOTUS.   Mr. Speaker, the Biden administration may think that they can get  away with this overbearing WOTUS rule and dramatic, dramatic expansion  of Federal authority, but we have to ensure that everyday Americans are  not subject to this outrageous government power grab, and that is what  it is.   Let's keep flawed Federal overreach out of the government by passing  H.J. Res. 27.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the resolution, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   