 Mr. President, I want to paint a picture for you just for  a moment. It takes place on a tarmac in the Zambian capital of Lusaka,  just a few weeks ago, in fact.   A small private jet arrives from Egypt. It lands there, hoping to go  unnoticed because of what is on board that jet. But it does get noticed  by Zambian authorities. They board the plane, and they find inside a  cargo that sounds like something out of a James Bond movie. On board  that plane is $5.7 million in U.S. currency, 602 bars of gold, five  pistols, and 126 rounds of ammunition.   To make the story even more bizarre, it turns out that the gold was  not actually real. It was fake bars of gold. The currency is real, the  ammunition is real, but the gold is fake.   Zambia arrests 12 people, 6 of whom are Egyptian citizens.  Immediately, as you can imagine, speculation begins about what is  exactly going on.   That is an interesting story, right? But the reason I tell you this  story isn't because of what happened in Zambia. It is because of what  happened next in Cairo. Six of these individuals were Egyptian  citizens. The plane came from Egypt. So, of course, journalists in  Cairo start to do some digging. A fact-checking platform named  Matsadaash--I am probably butchering the pronunciation, but it is  Arabic, roughly, for ``don't believe it.'' They report on the alleged  involvement of former Egyptian security officials in the incident, but  this kind of truth telling is just not allowed in Egypt today.   Egypt is a closed society. It is a dictatorship in which political  dissent is crushed. The free press is essentially nonexistent, and as a  consequence, top officials are allowed to enrich themselves without any  accountability.   So what happened to the journalists at Matsadaash is interesting, but  it is, frankly, par for the course in Egypt. Here is what happened. In  response for doing this reporting, Egyptian security officials went  straight to the home of the journalist. They raided his home. They  forced him to log onto his computer as they were there, and they forced  him to delete the Facebook posts about the issue at hand.   Egypt just wanted this story to disappear, and they were willing to  do whatever it took to make this happen. We may never know the full  story of what happened in that airport--what was going on with that  plane--but what we do know is that the Egyptian Government's reaction  is part of a completely predictable pattern to muzzle and silence the  truth tellers by force.   Beyond these attacks on Matsadaash, two other journalists covering  the episode were also detained immediately after without charge. One of  the last remaining independent media outlets in Cairo, Mada Masr has  repeatedly been refused a legal license to operate.   Websites that report on this kind of activity of Egyptian officials  are shut down as soon as they appear. Activists are regularly jailed  for ``spreading false news'' about human rights violations. Over and  over again, the government's playbook is just the same: Shut down  voices that are critical of the government and throw in jail people who  don't comply.   Around this same time last year, I came down to the Senate floor to  make a very similar speech, to talk about an annual decision that the  administration has to make with regard to our aid to Egypt.   Now, Congress, in a bipartisan way, cares about this campaign of  brutal repression against the press and political dissent in Egypt.  That is why our annual appropriations bill limits the amount of money  the administration can send to Egypt, depending on the government's  human rights record.   Specifically, this year, Congress has said that $320 million of the  aid we send, which is roughly about a quarter of the aid, can't go to  Egypt unless the administration certifies that Egypt has made real  progress on these questions of political climate, $85 million of which  is tied to the release of specific political prisoners and the  remaining $235 million on broader improvements on questions of human  rights and democracy.   Now, I just want to be honest with you. In the past, the Bush  administration, the Obama administration, the Trump administration,  they just routinely waived these conditions and sent the full amount  without any real progress. They said it was about American national  security, without any actual evaluation as to what the consequence of  withholding the money would be to our national security. But  [[Page S4363]]  to the Biden administration's credit, over the past 2 years, they have  withheld a portion of Egypt's military aid because of these human  rights violations.   And last night, as I was writing this speech, the administration  rightly decided to withhold that first tranche--$85 million tied to the  release of political prisoners--because there is just no question,  there has not been enough progress.   Why do we know that? Because while Egypt released and has released  more than 1,600 political prisoners since early 2022--that is good  news--during that same time, they have jailed 5,000 more.   So for every political prisoner Egypt releases, three more are  jailed. That is one step forward and three steps back. That is not the  kind of ``clear and consistent progress in releasing political  prisoners'' that the law requires. The administration was right to  withhold the $85 million.   But what about the remaining $235 million? I would argue that the  answer is just as simple. The Biden administration needs to hold the  line. As evidenced by the response to the fake gold-filled plane,  political repression is getting worse, not better, in Egypt.   Now, every year there are some people who argue that even though  Egypt really hasn't made any progress on human rights, they should get  the money anyway, in the name of national security; that if we dare to  withhold even a small portion of that money, Egypt is going to stop  cooperating with us and they are going to run to Russia or China  instead.   But as we have seen in the last 2 years when the administration did  withhold a portion of the $1.3 billion, the sky did not fall. Yes, I  will admit to you our diplomats in Cairo probably had some very tough  conversations, and the Egyptians certainly have made life a little bit  more difficult for our diplomats around the edges, but the core  security relationship remains intact. Why is that?   It is because the things that we want Egypt to do that are good for  our national security--like working to keep the situation in Gaza as  stable as possible through its relationship with Hamas, ensuring the  free flow of commerce and U.S. warships through the Suez Canal, keeping  counterterrorism operations going in the Sinai--President Sisi does all  those things because it is in Egypt's independent national security  interest to do so, not because we pay them to do it.   Maybe when we started giving them a billion dollars in aid back in  the 1980s, Egypt, in fact, complied with our national security requests  because of that monetary relationship, but today Egypt engages in those  activities because they have an independent reason to do so.   In fact, it is telling that even though the Egyptians continue to  receive a billion dollars per year in military aid, even with that  money, they are reportedly, and have been reportedly, seeking to do  deals with the Russians and the Chinese.   Earlier this year, reporting on leaked documents revealed that Egypt  had made a secret deal to provide Russia, in the middle of the Ukraine  war, with 40,000 rockets. Now, only after a flurry of high-level  diplomatic interventions did the Egyptians change course.   And despite a reported request in March of this year from Secretary  Austin for Egypt to help Ukraine, the Egyptians have not yet done so.  And so the question is, Is this the behavior of a country that we call  a key security partner?   And let me be clear, this decision that the administration is going  to make, it matters far beyond Egypt. If we say human rights and  democracy matters to America, then it has to matter in more than words.  When we cut corners and we fail to hold our partners accountable for  human rights abuses, people notice.   Now, I am not naive. I know that the question of whether we withhold  a couple hundred million dollars in security assistance from President  Sisi is not going to convince him to end his brutal campaign of  political repression. But when we walk the walk, not just talk the  talk, on human rights, another audience hears us: activists, the people  who are doing this work on the streets in places like Cairo. Those who  are fighting for democracy and human rights in countries with little of  either, they gather courage from knowing that the United States is on  their side. And it is those forces, those organic, domestic forces,  that truly make change. But when we keep on doing business as usual  with Saudi Arabia or Tunisia or Egypt, despite their behavior, we send  a signal to democracy activists that we aren't serious, that we don't  have their back.   And so I am glad for the administration's decision last night to  withhold a part of the funding that Congress has required to be  withheld unless we see significant progress on human rights. And my  belief is that there is only one decision to be made on the remaining  dollars because the record is clear, Egypt continues to help us on  national security priorities where our interests align, and there is  good reason to continue a security relationship with Cairo to preserve  those interests.   In other areas like the war in Ukraine, Egypt has not been a helpful  partner, and we need to be clear-eyed about our security relationship  with Egypt and also about Egypt's human rights record.   The decision the administration will make this week about holding the  Egyptians accountable for progress on human rights, it is critical to  American credibility. And for that reason, I would urge the  administration to finish the job and withhold the full $320 million as  required by the fiscal year 2022 appropriations act until Egypt's human  rights and democracy record improves.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object. First of  all, I want to assure the pages that we normally don't spend this much  time debating you guys.   At the end of the July session, there was a verbal assault on pages  who were in the Rotunda, which caused both Senator Schumer and Senator  McConnell to rise to the pages' defense.   We have now spent an inordinate amount of time this week debating  healthcare policies related to the pages.   Second, while Senator Paul and I often find common cause, I am  continually stunned at his unseriousness about the scope of this  ongoing tragedy. No matter how many times I hear Senator Paul rail  against vaccines, I am still heartbroken by the fact that so many of my  colleagues don't understand the devastation that has been wrought in  this country, as 1.1 million Americans--1.1 million Americans--have  died from COVID, in large part, because of the ongoing attacks against  vaccines that work that has undermined the public's confidence in one  of the very best tools that we have to combat the worst of this disease  and this virus.   I am looking at a scientific study from earlier this year naming  COVID-19 as the eighth leading cause of death for children in this  country. It is true, it is rare for a child to die from COVID, but when  you have 1.1 million people dying of COVID in this country, of course  there is going to be an unacceptable number of children who die from  COVID.   COVID-19 deaths displaced influenza and pneumonia, becoming the top  cause of death for children caused by any infectious or respiratory  disease. It caused substantially more deaths for children than any  vaccine-preventable disease, historically, this study showed.   And so, yes, our pages are working for us. We are responsible for  them while they are here. And, yes, children are not immune from COVID.  And, lastly, the only mandate that we are talking about as we consider  Senator Paul's resolution is the mandate in his resolution. Right now,  there is no statutory or rules-based vaccine mandate. The Senate has  been silent on this question.   So it is up to the public servants who run the Senate and the medical  advice they rely on as to whether or not pages should be required to  get vaccinated.   There is no mandate.   Senator Paul's resolution is a mandate. Senator Paul says under no  circumstances can pages be required to be vaccinated, even if the virus  mutates, even if a new vaccine comes along that is even more  efficacious--under no circumstances can there be a requirement for a  vaccine. Under current policy, under current statute, under the current  rules of the Senate, it is up to the Senate leadership. It is up to the  medical advice that they rely on, and they could change that advice as  time goes on. Under Senator Paul's mandate, they could only make one  choice.    COVID cases are rising. People are at risk again, and this constant  campaign to use every mechanism possible to try to undermine people's  faith in medicine and science and vaccines is not just about the pages  who serve here; it is about the entire American public that is  disserved by a U.S. Senate that continues to try to undermine the basic  tools that we have to try to fight this ongoing epidemic that still  plagues too many in this Nation.   For that reason, I object.   