 Mr. Chair, I stand here today during National Police  Week to urge the passage of H.R. 2494, the POLICE Act of 2023.   The crisis at our southern border is a clear public safety and  national security threat, but it also puts the lives and safety of our  law enforcement officers at risk. It is not just Customs and Border  Patrol agents who are affected, like the female Border Patrol agent who  was violently attacked by an illegal immigrant while attempting to make  an arrest in March. Local police departments have also been placed on  the front lines as thousands of migrants are relocated to New York and  States across the country.   As the border crisis rages on unchecked and violence against law  enforcement officers continues to rise, this legislation sends a  crystal-clear message that any noncitizen who commits acts of violence  against police cannot stay in this country.   The POLICE Act codifies something that is common sense, but under  current law remains ambiguous. This bill corrects that by providing  clear guidelines for the removal of any migrant who engages in violence  against a law enforcement officer. This is about improving officer  safety and making it easier to remove migrants who have demonstrated  flagrant criminal violence while on U.S. soil.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of  the POLICE Act to show our brave men and women in law enforcement that  we have their backs as they continue to battle the criminal element  currently taking advantage of our unsecured southern border.   Now, to address my colleague's concern from the other side of the  aisle. This is not mandatory. This bill does not mandate immediate  deportation. His admitted far-fetched, absurd examples that we just  heard will be taken into account. This just says that an assault on a  police officer or a firefighter or an EMT makes it a deportable  offense.   Mr. Chairman, I have to go on further. We heard about this possible  amendment coming forward about requiring conviction. If our district  attorneys in their roles would actually prosecute crimes against police  officers, I would be fine requiring conviction, but what we have seen  over the past several years where you have progressive, woke district  attorneys like our district attorney in Manhattan, when an NYPD police  officer is assaulted or firefighter is assaulted, the criminal, the  assailant, is not actually prosecuted.   We can't be left to require convictions on something like this when  the district attorneys in certain areas are not doing their job.    With that said, I understand the idea behind the amendment, but  requiring a conviction here would tie a lot of people's hands,  especially when district attorneys are not doing their jobs and  assaults against law enforcement are not getting prosecuted.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues, again, on both sides of the aisle to  vote in favor of this piece of legislation and show that you support  members of law enforcement.   