 Mr. Chair, I have amendment No. 15 at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment would ban leasing for offshore  oil and gas drilling off the northern California coast.   Offshore drilling poses unacceptable risks. Where you drill, you  spill. That is why Republican and Democratic Governors on both the  Atlantic and Pacific Coasts have voiced their opposition to any new oil  and gas leasing off their coasts.   We should not put our oceans, fisheries, coastal communities,  economies, and planet at risk just to enrich the fossil fuel industry.   While folks were hurting at the pump, Big Oil companies were raking  in record profits, and they were sitting on millions of acres of unused  leases, capitalizing on the war in Ukraine in order to gouge U.S.  consumers. Giving them even more control over our public lands is not  necessary, and it won't do a darn thing for consumers.  [[Page H374]]    At a time when the climate crisis is ravaging communities across the  globe, adding new leases on public lands makes no sense unless you  value Big Oil profits above making sure our children have a livable  planet.   Now, the north coast of California is an amazing, pristine place that  I am privileged to represent. It supports a thriving blue economy,  including fishing, tourism, and some of the other values that we have  heard discussed here today. It deserves the same kind of protection  that President Trump gave reluctantly and very selectively to certain  communities in Florida and on the East Coast after there was a backlash  from Republican Members of Congress and Republican Governors to his  drill everywhere plan.   The north coast of California deserves at least that same level of  protection, and by passing this amendment, it will get it.   Mr. Chair, I thank my friend and colleague, the gentleman from my  neighboring district, Congressman   Mike Thompson, for joining me on  this measure.   Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. Thompson).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I have amendment No. 65 at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment would block this legislation  from allowing increased oil and gas leasing on any Federal land where  outdoor recreation takes place. Our public lands are for the public,  not for the wealthiest industry in the history of the world to drill  and to spoil with impunity.   Being active in the outdoors and experiencing wild places is a way of  life not just in my district but for many communities around this  country.   During the COVID-19 pandemic, when we were unable to gather the way  we liked to indoors, we learned just how important our parks and our  public lands are, how getting outside helps our well-being. This is why  we must protect and expand our public lands for recreational use, not  give them away to a single polluting industry.   We all depend on the ecological, economic, and mental health benefits  that our public lands provide. That is why my amendment protects these  important lands.   If we are good stewards, our public lands can simultaneously support  a thriving outdoor recreation economy as well as natural resiliency  against the climate crisis, all while preserving and protecting these  precious lands for future generations.   These are the goals of the Biden administration and the State of  California in their efforts to protect 30 percent of our lands by 2030  because these lands are meant for everyone to use, enjoy, and pass down  to future generations to do the same. However, H.R. 21 would create an  arbitrary increase in oil and gas development for the benefit of one  single group: the oil and gas industry.   This bill may seem simple--it is just three pages long--yet it does  something really big and dangerous. It stands to open up over 300  million acres to be destroyed for oil and gas drilling, an area  equivalent to three times the size of California or six times the  combined size of all our national parks. This is unacceptable, and it  is another example of the dangerous extremism we see from this new  Republican majority.   The fact of the matter is, there are currently 9,000 permits held by  the oil and gas industry right now that are not being used.  Additionally, the majority of the roughly 26 million acres that are  currently under lease to oil and gas companies on our Federal lands and  waters are not being used. Industry is simply sitting on them to keep  prices artificially high.   What would industry do with the dramatic expansion of new leasing  opportunities on our valuable public lands? Well, the evidence shows  that they will simply lock them up so that they couldn't be used for  other activities such as recreation or renewable energy.   I represent the north coast of California, and my constituents know  the value of public lands for outdoor recreation, from hiking and  climbing to kayaking and angling. I hope folks on both sides of the  aisle agree that we need to protect the future of these cherished  recreational activities on our public lands. Our public lands used for  outdoor recreation should not be sacrificed at the altar of Big Oil.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   