 Mr. Chairman, boy, you would think this was  the Congress of New York State, given how much focus my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle put on New York State. I will tell you, as  a Member of Congress from New York City, we are doing just fine.   This bill, however, is not at all just fine. It is yet another ploy  by the Republicans to score political points without actually  addressing the desperately needed reforms to our immigration system.   Immigration is a Federal issue, yet New York City, where both this  bill's sponsor and I come from, is bearing the financial burden of this  issue.   This bill would make it harder for cities and States to get Federal  support for immigrants who, like so many of our descendants, are  fleeing horrible conditions in their home countries to seek a better  life in the United States.   On both sides of the aisle, we agree we have to fix our broken  immigration system. Defunding migrant housing sites is not the  solution.   Instead of closing down these sites and sending children potentially  into the street and the cold, let's focus on legislation that actually  does make our communities safer. Let's focus on fixing the fentanyl  trade problem we have and the human trafficking problem that is  plaguing our southern border.   That is why, as an amendment to this bill, I proposed my Disarming  Cartels Act, that would stop the flow of more than 500,000 American- manufactured guns into the hands of the drug cartels in Mexico, who are  responsible for the bulk of the crime that occurs on the southern  border.   Over 70 percent of the guns recovered from crime scenes in Mexico  come from the United States. Hundreds of thousands of American-made  guns are sent to Mexico every year because you cannot get a gun quickly  in Mexico. That, of course, is too much common sense. That would  actually solve the problem. That doesn't score political points.    Mr. Chair, that does solve the problem. This  does not solve the problem. This is just a political ploy, a messaging  bill, that does nothing to solve our open borders.   Every single Republican witness that has come before the Homeland  Security Committee this Congress has acknowledged that the outflow of  American-made weapons of war to the cartels in Mexico is a massive  cause of crime at the border.   Why won't you address it? Why won't you join it?   Why won't you even allow the bill to come to the floor?   Is it the gun lobby?   Is it because you just want to use immigration as a political cudgel,  and you don't want to find solutions?   Instead of fear-mongering, let's get some solutions together. Let's  work together. We are ready. We just need a partner that will stop  messaging and start solving problems.   