 Mr. Chair, what an opportunity to have Texans debating  Texans. I hope that every Texan from the RGV all the way to Amarillo  and from El Paso all the way to Beaumont is listening to this debate  because the line is clear.   Chaos and lawlessness or law and order. Which is it going to be?   I do agree with my colleague who just said that the Constitution  clearly says this is a Federal issue. I think this is the first thing  that we have agreed on. The Constitution does say that. Article IV,  Section 4. Joe Biden has abdicated his responsibility.   I have got the numbers from the Del Rio sector right here. Just in  Del Rio during FY 23, 347,572 encounters, 144,900 known got-aways,  2,155 criminal arrests, and the gall to say that the Governor of Texas  doesn't have the right to protect us when the Federal Government has  completely abdicated?   I was in Eagle Pass this week. I wish that my colleagues would have  been there. I wish they would have met the young lady from Venezuela  who was brutally attacked by the cartels, separated from her husband,  kicked in the face multiple times, 30 stitches in her head because of  the failed policies.   Texas is the only government that is doing anything about this, and  yet they have the gall to say that we don't have the right to defend  ourselves when a Venezuelan flag is placed onto the shore of Texas  property? In any other time period in history, that would be a  declaration of war.   Talk to the troopers. Talk to the State troopers who are down there  and see the things that they are going through: The resuscitation of a  4-year-old last week and the week before.   I have had multiple Border Patrol agents tell me that the reason we  have 2.3 million people who have entered this country illegally this  year is because we have no consequences. There were 2.2 million last  year. Every year since Joe Biden has been President, this chaos has  gotten worse and worse. Enough is enough.   I am so glad that we are sitting here having a Texas versus Texas  debate because I hope that Texans are looking at this for what it is.  The reason that this is an issue is because the President of the United  States, Secretary Mayorkas, and others throughout the administration on  day one in January of 2021 reversed every single policy that worked. No  more MPP, no more border wall, and to hear the falsehoods that are  coming out of my colleagues about not funding Border Patrol agents?  Take a look at H.R. 2. Take a look at what that does to fund more  agents, to put more technology into place.   It is time for a shutdown of the southern border, and that is what we  are calling on the President to do. This amendment should have said  that we are going to reimburse the State of Texas for $5 billion this  year and $5 billion last year.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to block  any potential remain in Texas policy.   It appears Democrats are starting to realize the severity of the  border crisis. On August 8, Massachusetts Governor Maura Healey  declared a state of emergency due to an influx of illegal aliens. I  think the number was 7,500. The next day, New York City Mayor Eric  Adams stated that the illegal alien influx was ``not sustainable'' and  would ``destroy New York City.''   All it took for the President to realize there was a crisis at the  border was a little complaining from his Democrat donors. They don't  mind the border crisis as long as it stays far away from their blue  State.   What is the President's solution? Instead of securing the border, the  Biden administration is considering instating a remain in Texas policy.  You heard that right--not a policy to thwart illegal immigration but  one that would punish Texas and force our State to be the sole provider  for millions of illegal immigrants crossing our southern border every  single year.   Liberal sanctuary cities, like New York, that openly obstruct Federal  immigration laws and have policies in place to shield criminals from  Immigration and Customs Enforcement should not be immune to the crisis  at our collective southern border.   President Biden's remain in Texas policy must remain in the trash  can. My amendment ends this administration's attempt to force Texans to  bear the brunt of the immigration crisis.   Secure the border and vote ``yes'' on this amendment.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Burgess), my good friend and colleague.    Madam Chair, I also thank my colleague from Texas on the  other side of aisle for bringing up a good point, that we should be  thinking about how to remove people who come across illegally.   That is exactly what Border Patrol agents told me just this past  weekend when I was in Eagle Pass. Their solution, which was the last  solution of the administration, was deportation.   I think my colleague was actually the one on TV about a week ago who  said--and I am not necessarily quoting exactly what my colleague said-- until you see the images of people being deported, they are going to  continue to come.   I couldn't agree with him more, that those images need to happen  because that is the message that we need to send.   So, no, we don't need a remain in Texas policy. We need a remain in  Mexico policy. We need to go back to the policies of the previous  administration that were working before we had millions of people  coming into this country illegally because they know that the border is  wide open.   This is a symptom. Let's get to the root cause. Let's send H.R. 2 in  the form that we passed it here in the House to the Senate and to the  President and secure our border once and for all. Enough is enough.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   