 Mr. President, it is my honor to rise today to speak on  behalf of the citizens of the great State of North Carolina.   I wouldn't be here today without some very special people: the love  of my life, Amy Kate; our three kids, Joshua, Kathryn, and Macy; and my  wonderful parents, Richard and Sylvia Budd.   I wouldn't be who I am or where I am today without all of your love,  your support, and your strength.   I also want to thank the dedicated members of my team, both my  official staff and campaign staff, who have helped me along this  journey.   As this voyage unfolded, I was always grateful for my fellow  Senators, whose presence was a constant source of encouragement and  advice. I want to thank Senator Richard Burr and Senator Thom Tillis  for their service to this institution and to our State.  [[Page S1688]]    I was also inspired by the Senators who are no longer with us, whose  lasting imprints are signatures in these desks. As I open this desk, I  see the signature of the late, great Senator Jesse Helms. He was one of  our State's most legendary leaders, and I can only hope to be as fine a  Senator for North Carolina as he was.   I also look to Senator James Broyhill, whom we lost just this year.  He was a great friend to our family for decades, and his commitment to  public service is one that I am going to try to emulate for as long as  I hold this office.   As someone who was born and raised in North Carolina, I want you to  know that it is a part of me. It is in my bones.   But you really don't know your State until you have visited every  corner of it. Our State has 100 counties, and during our campaign, I  visited each and every one of those counties, some of them multiple  times, and not just the ones with the high populations or the ones with  the big TV markets. It was that 100-county tour that helped me fall  deeper in love with my home State, and I am going to be a better  Senator for having done it.   But of all North Carolina's counties, one is near and dear to my  heart, and that is Davie County. I was told a while back that I was the  first U.S. Senator to come from Davie County. I owe a lot to the place  that I call home.   It is the values of small North Carolina counties like mine that are  my values too, and those aren't just another set of policy issues.  North Carolina values are about how somebody goes about their daily  life. It is about faith. It is about loyalty to our family and to your  friends. It is about being a man of your word. It is about being  honest. It is about being reliable. It is about working hard. And it is  about serving others.   Our State's motto is ``esse quam videri,'' or, in English, ``to be  rather than to seem.'' To put it another way, we tend to walk the walk  more than talk the talk, and that is the sort of spirit that I want to  endeavor with me during my time here in office.   In the relatively short time here in the Senate, I have been to 11  countries. I have met with ambassadors and with foreign leaders, and I  have been able to visit and thank American troops stationed overseas.   One of the big lessons I learned is this: For as much importance as  we place on our international standing--and, believe me, we should-- what is most important is that we don't lose our way here at home. We  need to be an America that is worth defending, and everything we do  here should be about creating a strong Nation. But we should not seek  strength without purpose, and our purpose is clearly laid out in our  founding documents. And it has been taught the hard way, through nearly  250 years of lived history, witnessing what works and what doesn't.   Winston Churchill once famously observed that ``Americans will always  do the right thing, only after they have tried everything else.''   In the last few years it seems like, well, we tried everything else-- a lot of bad ideas, and there are some big things that aren't working.   We live in a culture that, unfortunately, extenuates all the ways  each and every one of us is different, instead of all the things we  have in common. And it is these differences that are used by some to  drive us apart, drawing lines based on race, gender, or bank accounts.   In recent years, far too many members of America's next generation  are being indoctrinated with a sense of victimhood and despair instead  of being encouraged with vision and with hope. That indoctrination has  real-world consequences, and we have seen it borne out in disturbing  national trends.   Less than 40 percent of our country says they are extremely proud to  be an American. The rate of churchgoing and a belief in God now sits at  historic lows. One in 10 Americans suffers from depression,  and depression among young adults is particularly acute. One CDC study  revealed that 42 percent of high school students felt so sad or  hopeless in the last few weeks that they could not go about their daily  business.    Among young adults, substance abuse is at an alltime high. Rates of  suicide have increased, and more than one in five high school students  has seriously considered attempting suicide. These numbers should shock  our national consequence, and it should serve as a wake-up call for  change.   Despite these discouraging statistics, we don't have to reinvent the  wheel to know how to get back on the right track. Instead of teaching  the next generation of Americans to wallow in all the things that their  country has done wrong, we need to be celebrating. We need to be  learning and building on all the things that we have done right. Simply  put, we need to teach our kids to love our country, not to hate it; to  have a spirit of gratitude and not one of disdain.   Great nations succeed when their citizens not only have a focus on  what makes them great but also when we collectively keep our eyes on  what creates prosperity and human flourishing. But when we give our  government too much power, the less freedom each individual has over  their own life. Less freedom means you have less money and less  opportunity to achieve your God-given destiny.   When the government stops us from responsibly producing energy, for  instance, and then attempts to dictate our consumption habits, it makes  life harder and more difficult for hard-working citizens, and it  stifles our Nation's strength.   You know, the Apostle Paul, when he wrote to young Timothy, warned  him to watch out for the love of money, for it is the root of all sorts  of evil. But in this town, the root of all sorts of evil seems to be  modern and monetary theory, the supposition that the national debt  doesn't matter and that government spending should be the driving force  behind the economy instead of individuals and private businesses.   But the problem with this is that a bigger government with endless  spending creates economic stagnation. It convinces people to accept  financial mediocrity, instead of incentivizing innovative and creative  members of society to take risks, to fail, and to get back up and try  again for a better tomorrow.   We need to be creating an economy that rewards risk-taking and allows  people to be working toward their American dream. But it is government  that too often stands in the way of that dream.   It was the trillions of pandemic spending that caused the inflation  that now eats away at the buying power of each and every consumer, and  it was the limitless spending of the last quarter century that has  created a Federal budget so out of whack that the basic goal of  balancing our country's checkbook, well, it is politically toxic to  consider.   Looking to government as our economic savior is simply not the  solution. Capitalism, open markets, a free and moral people--that is  the formula for success, success that our country saw not too long ago.  And we could surely recreate it if we have the right leadership that  lightens the regulatory burden on America's job creators. The stronger  that we are here at home, the more leadership that we can exert on the  world stage. That is what is missing today, a strong and a confident  America.   The U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan in August of 2021 was nothing  short of a national tragedy and disgrace. Not only did it result in the  devastating loss of 13 servicemembers and the abandonment of countless  citizens, but it put American weakness on full display. We were seen by  our enemy as hapless, shortsighted, and not willing to change course  when the facts on the ground called for a change.   In speaking with allies and international leaders, I heard over and  over again that it was the Afghanistan debacle that caused our allies  to wonder if they can even count on us anymore. They wonder if, when  the going gets tough, we would be more likely to cut and run than stand  by their side, as they have stood with us. That undercuts America's  standing in the world.   As we see the results of weakness across the globe, a Russian  dictator is blatantly invading its neighbor or unleashing unspeakable  chaos and suffering on innocent civilians, or we see China, led by a  brutal communist government, growing more aggressive not only toward  Taiwan but blatantly launching spy crafts over the U.S.  [[Page S1689]]  mainland, buying up critical infrastructure inside the United States  and stealing the intellectual property of U.S. citizens. Iran and North  Korea are spinning up their centrifuges, cracking down on their own  people, and making threats to the security of their respective regions.  At our own southern border right now, we have a historic humanitarian  and national security crisis. But instead of pursuing what used to be a  nonpartisan imperative to secure the border, the current administration  is retreating from their responsibility to protect and defend this  country.   All of this chaos is the result of America being a diminished  country, all too willing to cede the stage and to let others lead. That  is not the way that the world will find peace and security. Peace is  achieved through American strength, and it is American weakness,  instead, that provokes evil. Our country must return to the principles  of clarity and purpose, a willingness to act when the situation calls  for it, and the strength to follow through when we face obstacles.   As a country, we can have anything that we want, as long as we act  with wisdom and conviction. And, ladies and gentlemen, we know what  works. We have done it before, and you can bet that we can do it again.  Despite all the things that are broken right now, none of them can  overshadow the uniquely American ability to overcome a challenge.   Each and every day, I am filled with a tremendous sense of gratitude  that I live in the United States of America, and I believe that  millions of people out there, they feel the exact same way.   In the final analysis, it is our shores that welcome 1 million legal  immigrants every year. It is our country that is viewed by millions as  a place where they can shed an old life and they can start again.   People vote with their feet. In the United States of America, we are  still the last and best beacon of hope on this planet. All we have to  do is keep it that way.   At the end of the day, we must seek to be a nation that empowers  every citizen, ensures human flourishing, and preserves freedom for  each and every individual to pursue their American dream.   I am going to leave you with this. My No. 1 goal during my time in  the U.S. Senate is to create a strong nation, to build strong families,  and to be of service to others; to make other people's lives better, to  do just what I said that I was going to do.   That is how I have lived throughout my life, and that is the kind of  Senator I want to be.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   