 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Foreign Relations be discharged from further consideration and the  Senate now proceed to S. Res. 418.    I know of no further debate on the measure.    I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to  and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, 1 week ago, I came to this floor to try  and pass this very resolution that condemns the violent, genocidal,  anti-Semitic rhetoric and actions on our college campuses all across  this country. Sadly, I was blocked by one of my Democratic colleagues.  And since then, the situation at our universities has only worsened.   I offer you just two examples. I could multiply these examples,  sadly, but let's just take two.   On Tuesday of this week, just 2 or 3 miles from where we stand now on  the floor of the U.S. Senate, at the George Washington University, pro- Hamas students projected onto the side of the university library  various anti-Semitic, anti-Israel, pro-genocide slogans, including  ``Glory to Our Martyrs,'' in reference to the terrorists who attacked  the State of Israel, and not just the State of Israel, but who  committed cold-blooded murder of babies, cutting off their heads,  shooting women and children in their homes, executing soldiers as they  lay sleeping in their barracks.   These same students projected other slogans onto the library wall:  ``Free Palestine From the River to the Sea''.   What does that mean? Well, it is a reference to Hamas's longstanding  call for the extermination of the State of Israel.   Let's just be clear. This is a reference to their call for genocide  of Jews in the Middle East and everywhere they can get their hands on  them. This is what is going on, on our college campuses.   If you talk to the students who were there at George Washington  University  [[Page S5201]]  that night, what they will tell you is, they feared for their safety;  they feared for their lives; they don't know if they are any longer  welcome on campus or physically safe on campus.   What did the university do in the wake of this attack? Well, the  answer has become all too familiar. Virtually nothing. They issued a  statement saying that the students weren't authorized to project these  genocidal slogans onto the library wall, and that is about it.   We have to do a heck of a lot better than that.   Last night, at Cooper Union, an institution of higher education in  the State of New York, Jewish students were barricaded inside their own  library as a pro-Hamas group rampaged through the building shouting  violent slurs at these students and then pounded on the library doors  seeking to gain entrance.   This morning's New York Post reads: ``Cooper Union barricades Jewish  students inside library as pro-Palestinian protesters bang on [the]  doors.''   The students who were there last night spoke of being herded into the  library, of campus security saying they didn't think they could protect  them; campus security then locking the doors to the library to try and  keep the Jewish students inside and an angry mob assembling.   There are photos of this. Don't take my word for it. The video is  available everywhere. Go look for yourself.   An angry mob of pro-Palestinian, pro-Hamas students were banging on  the windows--the glass windows--of the library at the Jewish students  who were literally barricaded inside.   These students were calling 9-1-1, calling their relatives, asking  for help. Eventually, an hour or more later, campus security reportedly  took them out through the back door. They couldn't walk out the front  door of a library in their own school. They had to be taken out the  back for fear, I guess, of their safety, perhaps also for appearances.   I can't help but think, 50 years ago, 60 years ago, the President of  the United States had to activate the 101st Airborne Division to make  sure African-American students could go to class in this country  without being physically assaulted. Is that what it has come to now on  America's college campuses?   Are we going to have to activate the National Guard to see that  Jewish students can go to class in safety without being in fear of  their lives?   I would just say this: As a nation, we must speak with one voice and  say that there is a right, and there is a wrong; there is good, and  there is evil; and threatening to kill an entire class of people is  wrong and it is evil.   Speaking up, shouting in support of genocide is wrong, and it is  evil. Threatening the lives of your fellow students because they are  Jewish is wrong, and it is evil.   Plainly, these institutions of so-called higher learning have failed  these students. These students have clearly no idea what right and  wrong means. You project stuff like this on a library wall while your  Jewish classmates stand in fear for their lives, you don't have any  idea about what right and wrong is.   Clearly, these institutions have failed these students, which is why  we need to speak with moral clarity now. This is a teachable moment.  This is a moment for us to say that genocide is wrong, that terrorist  attacks against Jews are wrong, that threats on the lives of Jewish  people anywhere--the Middle East, in this country, Europe, anywhere--is  wrong.   This shouldn't be hard. But we have to do it so that these students  and everywhere within the sound of our voice can understand what right  and wrong means--can understand the moral gravity of the situation we  are now confronting.   That is why what we are doing today matters, and that is why I am  pleased today that we are able now, finally, to pass this resolution  that explicitly names the rhetoric, explicitly calls out the language  of pro-violence, pro-genocide, and says that is wrong.   Now, I want to be clear. Our First Amendment--of which I am a great  defender--our First Amendment allows people to say the most terrible  things--vile, horrible, reprehensible things. The First Amendment, as I  have often said, is the right to be wrong. And these students are  absolutely wrong.   So they may have the right to say these things--although I must add,  nobody has the right to threaten violence against other Americans or  anybody within their ambit. They may have the right to say terrible  things, to say that they are in favor of genocide, to say that they  want to see Jewish people killed. They may have the right to say those  things, but that doesn't mean that we have to agree with it. That  doesn't mean that we have to say: Oh, that is morally neutral. Sure,  you can say it, fine. We have no opinion.   No, no, no. The answer to that kind of hateful, virulent, dangerous  speech is speech with moral purpose. It is language with moral clarity.  It is a moral stand that says: No, that is wrong. That is not us. That  is not the United States of America. That is what we are doing right  here, right now, on this floor today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   