 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, America's status as a global superpower  comes with global interests and global responsibilities. We have a  direct interest in a stable and peaceful Middle East, and we have a  responsibility to stand with Israel, our closest ally in the region,  and to impose real costs on those who seek to harm U.S. personnel. We  have a direct interest in preserving free commerce and deterring  aggression in the Indo-Pacific, and we have a responsibility to future  generations of Americans to win this century's long-term strategic  competition with communist China. And we have a direct interest in  stability and security in Europe, not only because we have treaty  obligations to NATO allies but also because Europe is our largest  trading partner, largest source of foreign, direct investment, and a  critical engine of our own economy.   As I have explained repeatedly, the emergency funding we have  appropriated in response to Russia's war against Ukraine isn't charity.  These resources are helping a Western-oriented country degrade the  military strength of a major U.S. adversary. Ukraine is blunting  Putin's tools of aggression and disrupting his imperial ambitions in  Europe, and all without involving American servicemembers in the fight.   But let's be honest. Aside from the funds we have appropriated for  U.S. military training and logistic support in Europe, the bulk of  America's security assistance is being spent in factories right here at  home. Some of it goes to purchase new weapons for Ukraine, but far more  of it is going to replenish our own arsenal. Our investment is growing  American military strength to meet the challenges that come with global  leadership.   Since Putin's brutal escalation last year, the United States has  invested $24 billion in replenishing our--our--arsenal with brandnew  capabilities. We have poured $692 million into new munitions and  tactical vehicles produced in Missouri, almost a billion dollars in  Alabama, and more than a billion dollars in Wisconsin.  [[Page S5323]]    But our investment is also expanding our production capacity. That  means more factory floor space, new production lines, and new shifts of  workers--all to help meet future threats. State by state, we are  breathing new life into the arsenal of democracy.   And, crucially, America's allies and partners are following suit.  They are investing historic sums in their own industries, their own  militaries. They are expanding their own defense industrial bases, and  many are also choosing to ``Buy American.''   Poland has invested $3.75 billion in new Abrams tanks from Michigan,  Alabama, and Ohio; Estonia has spent half a billion dollars on HIMARS  rocket systems from Texas; and Slovakia and Romania have spent a  combined $350 million on new tactical vehicles from Wisconsin.   And it isn't just European allies who recognize the need to  modernize. Japan has allocated $1.3 billion for new E-2 command and  control aircraft from Florida. Australia has put $6.3 billion toward  new C-130 aircraft from Georgia, and Indonesia has invested $14 billion  on a new crop of F-15 fighter jets from Missouri.   All told, America's allies and partners have invested $120 billion  and counting since February of 2022 to rebuild their defense capacities  right here in America. They are buying American because they appreciate  our cutting-edge technologies because they understand the importance of  an interoperable combined force.   But, most of all, they are buying American because of American  leadership. It has been the United States' example that has helped our  allies wake up from years of neglecting their commitments to defense.  It is confidence in our leadership and military edge that is driving  their historic efforts to start sharing more of the burden of  collective security.   And let's get something absolutely clear: This will not continue if  America loses its resolve. We don't have the luxury of closing our  gates and hoping for evil to leave us alone. America's allies are  waking up to that fact. Now is not the time for the leader of the free  world to go to sleep.   