 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, as recently as fiscal year 2023, the  National Institutes of Health has spent more than $10 million in  taxpayer dollars to fund virology research at the Wuhan Institute of  Virology in China. The funding continues through 2027.   This is in direct violation of policy barring funding for such risky  research known as gain-of-function research.   Despite being dismissed as a conspiracy theory, mounting evidence  proves that the coronavirus originated from a leak at the Wuhan lab. It  is estimated that 7 million people across  [[Page H5821]]  the globe have died from the coronavirus.   Nearly 3 years have passed since the first case of COVID-19 was  detected, yet the NIH continues to fund experiments in the China lab  that created the deadly virus. The fact that the United States  continues to fund dangerous experimentation in the country of our  greatest foreign adversary is unacceptable.   My amendment No. 99 would prohibit funding for virology research by  the National Institutes of Health in Southeast Asia. Not another dime  of Federal taxpayer dollars should be used to create a bioweapon for  our enemies. Even Barack Obama wanted a pause on this.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I find it absolutely fascinating in regard to  the science. I am not a scientist, but I do deal in science quite a  bit.   In fact, the Wuhan virology lab didn't even qualify for what it was  doing with virology. Didn't even qualify by the standards set by  international standards, and yet we are still going to do that. I have  got to tell you something is wrong with this deal.   Barack Obama--I want to reiterate this--Barack Obama actually stated  that this should take a pause, but he was overrun by people at NIH at  the time. Now, I believe that we ought to be looking all the time at  different things but gain of function is totally different. This is  building a bioweapon. We have got to stop this.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, once again, I find it very fascinating.   Keep my head in the sand?   What about the science? Hydroxychloroquine, ivermectin weren't going  to work. Are you kidding me? The other side has got their head in the  sand.   This is very important that we stop this. We shouldn't be dealing  with somebody else. If we are going to do something like that, it ought  to be done here not in Southeast Asia where we can't control it.   Mr. Chair, once again, I ask for all my colleagues to support this  bill.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   