 Mr. President, if the Biden administration decides to  allow a terrorist state access to billions of dollars, then, at a bare  minimum, the Biden administration must perform exceedingly strict  oversight of how that money is used.   It is pretty simple, common sense requires considering the attendant  risk that this money gives to Iran. The Biden administration has  created a serious problem that needs strict oversight.   More than all that, the Congress must also have the same regard of  how the executive branch conducts its business in regard to these  billions of dollars.   Today, I have an on-point example to present to my colleagues. In  September of this year, the administration's State Department provided  Iran access to $6 billion as part of a prisoner swap agreement. Then,  in mid-October, the United States and the Qatari Governments decided to  refreeze these funds due to the October 7 Hamas terrorist attack on  Israel.   Hamas, an Iranian-funded terrorist organization, as we all know,  attacked Israel and murdered civilians, seized hostages, and destroyed  towns. Hamas committed unspeakable acts of terror and evil, not seen  since the Nazis, toward Jewish people.   On October 12 of this year, Secretary of State Blinken addressed the  international media and, in that address, claimed that the State  Department has ``strict oversight of the funds and retains the right to  freeze them''--meaning freezing the $6 billion.   Now, there had better be strict oversight--the taxpayers ought to  require that--exceedingly strict oversight. I now ask: What did the  Secretary of State mean when he said ``strict oversight''?   I don't want lip service from the Secretary. I want details. So on  October 12 of this year, I wrote a letter asking exactly that: What are  the details?   My letter also sought to know what government Agencies are involved  in this alleged oversight. What are the roles of the respective  Agencies in this oversight? What enforcement mechanisms are in place to  ensure compliance? How will the State Department be able to punish Iran  if conditions of the $6 billion is violated?   I also asked what components of the State Department are responsible  for conducting this oversight, among other questions.   Almost a month past the 2-week deadline to respond, the State  Department did finally send me a letter. That letter was very  incomplete and a very insufficient response that failed to answer the  essential question, using his words: What does ``strict oversight''  mean? The letter didn't deal with that, and it seems to be a pretty  simple question.   The State Department letter meekly said: ``The United States will  have full visibility and will exercise strict oversight as to how and  when the funds are used.''   This isn't an answer; this is lip service. We are talking about  billions of dollars accessible by a terrorist regime.   So as you would expect Senator Grassley to do, on November 21, I sent  a letter, a followup letter, to Secretary Blinken, informing him of his  failed response and then again renewing my request for Congress and the  American people to know and understand what the Secretary meant by the  words he used of ``strict oversight.''   (Ms. CORTEZ MASTO assumed the Chair.)   The Secretary made these oversight promises publicly in an  international setting, and the Secretary has an obligation to explain  himself what ``strict oversight'' is. If the State Department is  engaging in strict oversight, then say what it is and give us, the  Congress, the response, the details of that. The taxpayers deserve to  know exactly  [[Page S5653]]  how the Biden administration plans to ensure proper oversight of $6  billion to Iran.   This Senator, obviously, won't stop demanding answers, especially  when it comes to a terrorist regime's access to billions of dollars  that the United States has something to say about.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Jeremy  King, a Secret Service detailee from my office, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the Congress.   