 Mr. President, I am rising today for the 25th time to  address the multifaceted dark money scheme to capture and control our  Supreme Court. We will look today at how the creepy billionaires who  captured the Supreme Court get their message through to the Justices  they helped plant there.   That, of course, is the last leg of the capture operation. First, you  have the so-called Federalist Society list, purportedly created by the  Federalist Society for former President Donald Trump to pick Supreme  Court Justices from. Bad enough if that were true--a secretive,  anonymously funded, private group picking Supreme Court Justices while  accepting big, secret contributions. What could possibly go wrong? But  it is actually worse. The Federalist Society can show no official  process to cook up the list--no agenda item, no vote, no nothing. It  was done in some back room secretly by the Federalist Society's Leonard  Leo, the operative of the creepy billionaires who fund this endeavor.   The Federalist Society did let Trump use the ``Federalist Society''  name for cover on the list, as if it was their list, but it wasn't.   After that step, the fake list, came the billionaire-funded campaign  to get the Senate to confirm the Federalist Society Justices. This part  of the operation ran through another dark money front group, the  Judicial Crisis Network, conveniently located just down the hall--in  the same building, on the same floor--from the Federalist Society.  ``Judicial Crisis Network'' is the fictitious name for yet another dark  money front group. And, of course, millions in dark money were poured  into Senate Republican political coffers from the same billionaires,  and--no surprise--Republican Senators voted to confirm even deeply  troubled Justices, and now there they sit on the Court.   So let's say you are a billionaire who funded all of this. You have  your handpicked Justices on the Supreme Court. How are they supposed to  remember what you want? Well, easy--you tell them.   Queue the front groups that file briefs at the Supreme Court as amici  curiae--Latin for ``friends of the court.'' They file them in  coordinated flotillas, usually of about a dozen. But where it is a  really big deal to the dark money billionaires, they have sent in more  than 50 of these briefs.   In the case where it was over 50, it was at the certiorari stage,  early in the proceedings, to make sure the chosen Justices got the  message. That case was Americans for Prosperity Foundation v. Bonta. It  was about disclosing donors behind dark money front groups. After the  deluge of over 50 front group amici, the Federalist Society Justices  let nonprofits--known as 501(c)(3)s--hide their donors even from  sovereign States where they operate and which have a responsibility to  police them for fraudulent abuse of the tax system.   This decision added more secrecy to the latest and greatest secret  political influence technique, which is to pair a dark money 501(c)(3)  with a dark money 501(c)(4) entity. This is--no surprise--precisely the  secretive influence technique that the creepy billionaires deployed to  get those chosen Justices on the Court.   Well, we have all witnessed the sordid saga of theatrically grotesque  gifts and free travel that rightwing billionaires have bestowed on  certain Supreme Court Justices. That is connected here. The  billionaires who fund the Justices' gifts and entertainment also fund  front groups that come in to tell the Justices what to do.   So the backdrop of the capture apparatus is that billionaires choose  the Justices, fund the campaigns for their confirmations, and then send  in flotillas of billionaire-funded front groups to give instructions.  With that backdrop, let's look at recent and coming cases and how those  front groups are doing.   Last term, the Federalist Society Justices handed several major wins  to the front groups and their backers. One of these wins came in a case  called Sackett v. EPA. It was the latest assault on the EPA's power to  clean up our environment and hold polluters accountable.   Many of the big-spending, rightwing billionaires owe their fortunes  to the polluting fossil fuel industry, so it is no surprise that their  front groups are out to weaken the EPA.   The EPA has responsibility under the Clean Water Act to make sure  that our country's water remains safe and clean. Naturally, the  polluters and their front groups hate this, so in Sackett, they asked  the Court to narrow as much as possible which waters the EPA could  protect under the Clean Water Act.   The front groups had their fingerprints all over this case. To start,  the attorneys who brought the case came from the Pacific Legal  Foundation. Because it is a dark money group, it is impossible to know  exactly who funds the Pacific Legal Foundation, but in the past, it has  received money from the likes of ExxonMobil, the Koch Brothers'  political apparatus, and other groups who fund climate denial.   A great many of these cases that bring in the flotillas of  billionaire-funded amici are not brought up through regular litigation;  they are brought by these front groups, teed up by front groups who  bring in plaintiffs of convenience to bring a particular question up  before the captured Court.   At the Supreme Court, at least 10 other far-right, front group amici  all urged the Court to undermine the Clean Water Act. These amici  included groups like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, one of the biggest  mouthpieces for the fossil fuel industry, and the Americans for  Prosperity Foundation, which we just spoke about, part of the Koch  Industries' fossil fuel political operation.   I went over some of the briefs this morning in the Environment and  Public Works Committee when we took a look at the Sackett case, and I  will just do a brief summary right now.   The Pacific Legal Foundation has received money from Exxon, various  Koch political foundations, DonorsTrust, the Bradley Foundation, and  the Sarah Scaife Foundation.   Also in the case was the Americans for Prosperity Foundation, which  has been funded by the Koch political operation, DonorsTrust, the  Bradley Foundation, and the Sarah Scaife Foundation.   The Cato Institute was in the case with funding by the Koch political  operation, Donors Capital, DonorsTrust, and the Bradley Foundation.   Something called the Claremont Center for Constitutional  Jurisprudence chimed in with funding from Donors Capital, DonorsTrust,  the Bradley Foundation, and the Sarah Scaife Foundation.   Liberty Justice Center came in with funding from DonorsTrust and the  Bradley Foundation.   NFIB Small Business Legal Center came in with funding from Donors  Capital, DonorsTrust, and the Bradley Foundation.   Atlantic Legal Foundation came in with funding from the Bradley  Foundation and the Sarah Scaife Foundation.   Mountain States Legal Foundation came in with funding from the Koch  political operation, DonorsTrust, Donors Capital, the Bradley  Foundation, and the Sarah Scaife Foundation.   Southeastern Legal Foundation came in with funding from DonorsTrust,  Bradley Foundation, and Sarah Scaife Foundation.   The Washington Legal Foundation came in with funding from the Koch  political operation, Donors Capital, DonorsTrust, the Bradley  Foundation, and the Sarah Scaife Foundation.   So the litigant and nine amici were all funded by the Kochs, by  DonorsTrust and Donors Capital, and by the Bradley Foundation and the  Scaife Foundation. They could just as easily have filed briefs in the  name of the Koch political operation, DonorsTrust and Donors Capital,  and the Bradley Foundation and the Sarah Scaife Foundation or even  filed one brief filed by all of those entities, but instead they  created this fake machinery of front groups, creating the illusion of  multiplicity and the illusion of independence, when, in fact, these  things are played like piano keys on a piano.  [[Page S5079]]    By the way, if they had actually tried to file a brief in the name of  DonorsTrust and Donors Capital, it would have been a little bit weird  because those are not entities that have any real role in the world  other than to scrub the identities off of dark money donations to  rightwing groups. So if you don't want your name on an expenditure, you  give it to Donors Capital, and they then pass it on to the group. The  group reports that they got it from Donors Capital, and you get to walk  away hands-free, without any attribution or accountability.   So not only are these multiple players; they tend to switch around in  this scheme. So let me add that Americans for Prosperity Foundation was  the petitioner in the case with the 50-plus dark money amici that came  in. There, the scheme was to get the chosen Justices to protect dark  money for 501(c)(3)s, and needless to say, it worked.   But back to Sackett. Five of the six Republican-appointed Justices  got the message sent by these front groups and adopted the narrowest  interpretation of the Clean Water Act that they could get away with.  Millions of acres of wetlands are no longer protected by the EPA-- another win for polluter interests; another loss for the American  people; another successful direction by a rightwing, dark money, front  group flotilla.   Sackett wasn't the only case where the creepy billionaires scored big  at the Court last term. Another win came in the student loans case,  where the Federalist Society Justices threw out President Biden's plan  to cancel student loan debt for millions of struggling borrowers.   Showing up in that case was another double-digit flotilla of far- right and industry-funded front group amici, with customary repeat  players like the Kochs' Americans for Prosperity Foundation, the  Chamber of Commerce, and the Buckeye Institute.   In this scheme, even the front groups have front groups. So Leonard  Leo's Judicial Crisis Network is actually the fictitious name of  another front group called the Concord Fund, and the Judicial Crisis  Network, which is the same group that Leo used to help confirm the  handpicked Justices, in turn propped up a new front group led by Mike  Pence, funding it with more than $1 million. So the front group's front  group's front group filed a brief in the student loans case.   You cannot make this stuff up.   Well, naturally, the Federalist Society Justices delivered what these  groups were asking for on behalf of their billionaire benefactors, but  the real victory for the front group amici in this case was how the  Justices struck down the plan.   The Federalist Society Justices relied on something called the major  questions doctrine--a doctrine they first deployed 2 years ago at the  behest of fossil fuel groups in a case called West Virginia v. EPA. The  basic idea is that if a judge thinks an Agency regulation is too big or  too important, the judge gets to strike it down. It is the perfect tool  for billionaires to use billionaire-picked Justices rather than Agency  subject-matter expertise to stop regulations they don't like.   A whole separate scheme speech could be devoted to the hothouse  ``doctrine factories'' in which notions like the so-called major  questions doctrine are seeded, fertilized, watered, and grown.   In West Virginia v. EPA and in the student loans case, the Federalist  Society Justices took the doctrine from dark money-funded hothouses  like the Federalist Society itself and replanted it into American law.  It is now law. The front groups, of course, with that opening, then  began challenging even more regulations left and right using this  supposed doctrine. And, no surprise, the Agency they targeted the most  is the EPA.    That brings me to the pending wave of front group action at the  Supreme Court. One case that has received a lot of attention is Moore  v. United States. That case centers on a narrow legal issue related to  the Republicans' 2017 tax cuts for the rich. But the billionaires'  front groups want far more. They want the chosen Justices to shield the  billionaire elite from paying taxes by preemptively declaring  unconstitutional taxes that would more directly target the  billionaires' massive fortunes.   Well, given what a boon that would be for the creepy billionaires, as  you can imagine, the amicus flotilla is out in full force. At least 14  far-right billionaire front groups have surfaced in Moore. And like in  Sackett, a front group is litigating the case: the Competitive  Enterprise Institute, it is called, which has a long history of  rightwing, billionaire funding.   One side note about this case, remember when I said there was overlap  between the rightwing billionaires who fund these groups and the  rightwing billionaires who lavished Justices Thomas and Alito with  luxury gifts? This case is exhibit A, with multiple rightwing front  groups funded by billionaires Paul Singer, Harlan Crow, and the Kochs,  who are billionaires at the center of the ethics mess of secret  freebies for certain Justices at the Court.   It actually gets worse. In Moore, the lawyer litigating on behalf of  the billionaires' cause is the same lawyer who conducted the so-called  interview with Justice Alito in the Wall Street Journal editorial page  about my Supreme Court ethics bill and our Senate investigations on  Judiciary and Finance into the undisclosed gifts to certain Justices.  That interview propped up for the lawyer's client Leonard Leo the  argument that we could not investigate gifts Leo orchestrated to  Justice Alito.   You need a diagram. You cannot make this stuff up.   Litigant in Moore, lawyer to Leo, interviewer of Alito--that is a  whole lot of hats for that one lawyer's head. The more you look at this  operation, the more you see it as a big shell game with multiple front  groups that can be moved around and multiple operatives switching  around to deliver results for this billionaire elite. It is a scheme.   Another case the billionaires are targeting this term is Loper Bright  Enterprises v. Raimondo with, yep, another attack on the basic  foundations of Agency regulation. It is not enough that their home- brewed major questions doctrine has just been made law by their chosen  Justices. They want more. And, of course, a flotilla of front group  amici has been marshaled to urge on the Federalist Society Justices.   I filed a brief in that case with several colleagues documenting  these amici's industry connections. Many have received hundreds of  thousands--even millions--of dollars from far-right and polluter  interests that would benefit from weaker regulations. As usual, they  are repeat performers who show up in case after case to feed the Court  arguments propagated in rightwing hothouses.   That is the Court capture process: Billionaire-funded groups cook up  legal theories to help the billionaires; billionaire-funded litigation  propped up by billionaire-funded flotillas of front groups tees up the  Justices to adopt the hothouse theory. And then, after the Justices  adopt the hothouse theory, the front groups bring more cases to attack  more regulations. Rinse and repeat, until you have tied up or knocked  down every regulation in your polluting way.   As with a lot of the mess at the Supreme Court right now, the  Justices could do a lot to clean this up by themselves. They could  require real disclosure of who is behind these flotillas of phony front  groups. They could turn away cases that look like faux litigation  brought by political front groups behind plaintiffs of convenience.  They could adopt ethics procedures that allowed basic factfinding into  the swampy mess of billionaires, front groups, free secret gifts, and  the ubiquitous fixer Leonard Leo. And, of course, they could stop  granting the front groups' wishes time after time after time.   A new term of Court presents a new opportunity for the Court to  recommit itself to deciding law and not just doing the bidding of  creepy billionaires and their phony front groups. We too often fixate  on the awful decisions that have come out of this Federalist Society  majority. When we do, we overlook the nasty little web of front groups  lurking behind those awful decisions.   But the front group web is an important part of the story, an  essential element of the Court capture apparatus, and a key element of  the scheme. The web should not be allowed to hide in plain view simply  because we don't  [[Page S5080]]  bother to keep track and connect the dots.   To be continued.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   