 Mr. Speaker, I do not take this issue lightly. I do,  however, take issue with how this resolution has been presented.   Of course, we oppose the violence inflicted upon people under the  rule of communist and dictatorial governments, but this resolution is  less about their plight and more of a political stunt.   Make no mistake about it, I am proud a capitalist, and I always will  be. Ideas like affordable healthcare, affordable housing, and paid  family leave are not radical socialist policies. Some of our closest  allies in Europe and around the world participate in the free market  and help their citizens meet their most basic needs. That is what we  have been sent here to do: to consider, debate, and ultimately pass  legislation that will help the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my Republican colleagues: What is your agenda? Is  it the 30 percent sales tax? Is it the cuts to Medicare and Medicaid?  Is it the cuts to Social Security or eliminating access to reproductive  care?   What is your plan? Do we give people access so they can participate  in a capitalist society? Or do we just cut them so we can limit the  opportunity to participate in a capitalist society?    Madam Speaker, it is undeniable that Representative Omar  has made what has been considered to be offensive anti-Semitic comments  in the past. It is also undeniable that Representative Omar has  apologized, learned, and been a reliable and productive member of the  Foreign Affairs Committee. I have watched her work with her colleagues  on both sides of the aisle. She cares about her country. She cares  about our national security. She cares about diplomacy.   Her perspective is invaluable to the House Foreign Affairs Committee.  She is a refugee, and the only African-born Muslim member of the  Foreign Affairs Committee. We know that diverse perspectives strengthen  our policymaking and national security. Losing Representative Omar's  voice on the committee to extremist politics would be a shameful mark  on this body, harmful to the interest of the American people and our  image abroad, and damage to democracy itself.   I also know the sheer hypocrisy of Speaker McCarthy and Members of  his party looking to deny Representative Omar's seat on the Foreign  Affairs Committee is rich.   This resolution is not about addressing dishonor or respect for the  House. This resolution is not about addressing anti-Semitism. If it  were, there would be other Members named in this resolution.   For example, in October of 2018, a Republican Member tweeted: We  cannot allow Soros, Steyer, and Bloomberg to buy this election. Get out  and vote for Republicans on November 6. MAGA. That was the Speaker of  the House.   The tweet included a video featuring that Member discussing George  Soros, Tom Steyer, and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, all  Jewish men who are significant donors of the Democratic campaigns and  causes. Were these the only wealthy Democratic donors he could choose  from?   Jewish money buying elections is a stereotype about the Jewish faith  popular among the alt-right. I recall no apology--unlike Representative  Omar--to or for this tweet. This is far from the only example of the  hypocrisy.   Representatives on the Republican side have defended and agreed with  well-known white supremacist and anti-Semite Nick Fuentes, and spoke at  Fuentes' events.   Other Republican Members have claimed that Zionist supremacists are  conspiring to flood Europe with migrants in order to replace the White  populations there.   My Republican colleagues have quoted Adolf Hitler in congressional  remarks, promoted the ``Great Replacement Theory,'' and invited a  Holocaust denier to the State of the Union.   Finally, when the Congress moved a House resolution condemning anti- Semitism, there was only one Member that voted against it--and it  wasn't a Democrat.   Why is this Member being targeted today?   We do not have time to go through the entire list of objectionable  remarks that the other side has made. The point is, none of these  comments caused any of the Members who made them to be removed from  committees; not removed from the Education and Labor Committee, not  removed from the Judiciary Committee, not removed from the Armed  Services Committee, not removed from the Homeland Security Committee. A  blatant double standard is being applied here.   Something just doesn't add up. What is the difference between  Representative Omar and these Members?  [[Page H648]]    Could it be the way that she looks? Could it be her religious  practices?    Madam Speaker, it is clear, if she were on the other side  of the aisle, we would not be having this debate today. That is  absolutely clear.   The GOP was not outraged when Donald Trump broke bread with the anti- Semitic Holocaust deniers at his Florida mansion. There was no outrage  when Donald Trump's tweets deployed images of the Star of David and  stacks of currency. We need to vote ``no'' and stand up for democracy.  Representative Omar needs to remain and be productive on the House  Foreign Affairs Committee.   