 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule, which  provides consideration of legislation to bring relief to Americans and  unleash the power of American energy.   Forty percent--that is the spike in heating costs borne by many of my  constituents in New York State during a bitter, life-threatening  winter. For a family on a budget and a retiree on a fixed income, that  40 percent hike is a painful one. It means doing without certain items  from the grocery store or carefully rationing when and how you keep the  heat on in your home despite bitterly cold temperatures.   Mr. Speaker, these are the terrible choices that my constituents must  make due to the Biden-Hochul energy agenda. This is life for many  Americans in the unaffordable, inflation-ridden Biden economy.   Let's not be fooled by the President's rhetoric about a Putin price  hike at the pump. The regulatory machine imposed on American energy has  been built for one objective in mind: to destroy our Nation's energy  sector as we know it.   In New York State, our Governor, Kathy Hochul, has made it a top  priority to force our State's farmers, the guarantors of our Nation's  food security and leaders in conservation, into a future of expensive  and unreliable electric vehicles and equipment.   That technology doesn't even exist yet. We know that current EV  technology is inferior to diesel machinery. We know that a future with  more EV batteries and EV motors means greater dependence on China. God  forbid we let those inconvenient truths get in the way of the left's  radical and out-of-touch Green New Deal religion.   The southern tier of New York sits atop one of our country's greatest  natural resource endowments, the Marcellus shale. Just across the  border from my district in neighboring Pennsylvania, hydraulic  fracturing has created an economic miracle and newfound prosperity. It  has transformed their economy while counties in my district in the  southern tier are some of the poorest in our State.   Yet Governor Hochul, who is taking her cues from Democrats here in  Washington, has made it her mission to ensure those same opportunities,  that dream of prosperity and economic revival, are denied to New  Yorkers in the southern tier.   Democrats in Albany and Washington have locked away the promise of  natural gas production. They have blocked the construction of oil and  gas pipelines. They are now leading the way in banning natural gas to  our homes.   Mr. Speaker, Americans are desperate for relief and an end to the  left's destructive anti-energy agenda. H.R. 1 promises to unleash the  power of our Nation's energy sector once again. It will create  countless new jobs and bring investment and economic rebirth into  communities across this great country. It will allow Americans once  again to live in a world where they can afford to farm their farms,  drive their cars, put food on their tables, and heat their homes. I  support this rule.   