 Mr. President, every day, Texans reach out to my office  to talk about challenges that they and their families are facing, or  maybe they see something on the news or read something in the local  paper that causes them concern about what the Federal Government is up  to; but most often, they call and tell me that inflation continues to  strain their household budgets, and they are fearful that a recession  is approaching. They are raising concerns about the security breakdown  at the southern border and fears about rising crime rates in their  communities. They share stories about teenage students who died from  fentanyl poisoning, maybe friends of their family, and they tell me  they are terrified for their own children's safety.   Of course, these concerns aren't unique to Texas. People across the  country--everyone--wants affordable gas and groceries. We all,  presumably, want dangerous drugs off the streets and dangerous people  behind bars. We all want to live in safe communities so we can pursue  our dreams. In short, the American people aren't asking for a lot. All  they want is to be able to live happy, healthy lives. And they are  asking Congress to remove some of the burdens that are making that more  difficult.   That is what we need to be doing here in the Senate. In recent  months, the Republican-led House has been a flurry of activity. They  passed legislation to unleash the power of American energy and reduce  costs to consumers. They passed legislation to classify fentanyl as a  schedule 1 substance--the most dangerous of drugs--and to give parents  a say in their children's education. They have also passed legislation  to improve veterans' healthcare, to stand behind law enforcement  officials, and to address fraud and abuse in the unemployment insurance  system.   Speaker McCarthy and the Republican majority in the House have  responded to the concerns of the American people not with rhetoric but  with action.   That is a sharp contrast with what we have witnessed here in the  Senate. The first major piece of legislation that passed this Chamber  was just last week after months of President Biden saying he wouldn't  even negotiate with the House on raising the debt limit; but he finally  did, up against the back of a potential default.   Before that, the Senate has passed legislation repealing the Iraq war  authorization. We reauthorized grants for firefighters and we confirmed  some Federal judges and other nominees. Then we passed a handful of  Republican-led resolutions to overturn Biden administration executive  orders, and that is about it.   Now to be clear, there were some wins in there. Less than a week ago,  the Senate passed a resolution I introduced with Senator Cassidy, the  Senator from Louisiana, to overturn President Biden's student loan  scheme claiming to cancel student loans for people who agreed to borrow  the money. But, somehow, by ``canceling,'' what he really meant was  transferring that burden to the taxpayers. We were able to get a  bipartisan vote overturning that decision here in the Senate.   But given the fact we are 5 months into the year, this is an  embarrassingly short list of accomplishments. Clearly, the Republican- led House is doing its job, but the Democrat-led Senate is not doing a  whole lot. The American people are clamoring for action--again, not  just lip service. They want action on inflation, on crime, on the  border, energy prices, and so much more.   But for some reason, the majority leader, the Senator from New York,  Senator Schumer, seems content to just put us in neutral and coast. We  haven't even had votes on Mondays. We come in on Tuesday and leave on  Thursday, 3 days out of the 7-day week. The American people understand  that we are coasting here. We are not giving it our best or our all. So  there is no doubt we have a major productivity problem here in this  Chamber. And that needs to change soon.   We have a lot of work we need to do before the end of the year. First  on the docket is the National Defense Authorization Act. Each year this  legislation provides our military leaders and our servicemembers with  the certainty they need to prepare for the threats of today and  tomorrow. And those threats are doing nothing but growing on a daily  basis. Whether it is China, Russia, Iran, or North Korea, an on-time  National Defense Authorization Act is absolutely critical.   Senator Wicker, the Senator from Mississippi, is leading those  efforts on our side of the aisle, and I am confident that he and our  colleagues on the Armed Services Committee will deliver another strong  NDAA. But Senator Schumer, the majority leader who is the floor leader,  is the one who sets the agenda. He needs to carve out the floor time to  make this a priority so we can move on to the Senate's next big task  which is funding the government.   Now, as part of the debt limit agreement last week, Senator Schumer  agreed to bring up all 12 appropriation bills to the Senate floor by  September 30. The reason that is so important is that last year in  December, Speaker Pelosi and Majority Leader Schumer decided,  basically, that the rest of us were going to be potted plants and given  the opportunity to vote up or down on an Omnibus appropriation bill  rather than doing the work of passing each appropriation bill out of  committee, across the floor, giving every Senator an opportunity to  participate in shaping that legislation. So thank goodness Speaker  McCarthy was able to negotiate an agreement to get us back to that  regular order, a more transparent, more rational process. You would  think that with $31.4 trillion in debt, that the majority leader,  Senator Schumer, would recognize this as a priority.   But these appropriation bills do some essential things like funding  our military, veteran services, border security, and so much more.  Again, this is a departure--or what I hope will be a departure--from  what we saw in 2021 and 2022, when the Congress and the Democratic-led  Senate did not pass a single appropriation bill until that omnibus bill  came up in December.    Individual funding bills are the starting point for sound financial  decision making here in Washington. They allow us to cut wasteful  spending and invest in our priorities. That is what a budget is all  about. It is about priorities, and our No. 1 priority needs to be our  national security.   Senator Collins, the Republican ranking member on the Appropriations  Committee, and Senator Murray, the  [[Page S1971]]  chairman of the Appropriations Committee, are determined to restore  common sense to the appropriation process, especially when it comes to  defense spending. So I am glad the majority leader agreed to return to  the regular appropriations process, and I hope he will stick by his  word. The end of September is the deadline, and it is also the deadline  for two other major tasks.   One is reauthorizing the Federal Aviation Administration. It is time  to modernize the Agency and implement long overdue reforms, and I am  glad Senator Cruz, the junior Senator from Texas, is leading those  efforts on our side of the aisle.   Then there is the farm bill, which affects agriculture and food  programs across the country. For everything from crop insurance to  nutrition programs to rural broadband, passing the farm bill is  absolutely vital. The ranking member, Senator Boozman, is no stranger  to that process, and he is committed to passing a strong farm bill  before the current one expires.   But Congress must pass each one of those bills--both houses of  Congress--by September 30. If you include this week, the Senate is in  session only 10 weeks before then. So we have no time to waste. As I  said, in those 10 weeks, we need to pass the defense authorization  bill, 12 appropriations bills, an FAA reauthorization, and a farm  bill--and those are just some of the big ticket and most urgent items  on the to-do list.   We also need to reauthorize section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Act before it expires at the end of this year. This is an  absolutely essential tool used by our intelligence community in order  to detect threats to our Nation and our national security, and it is an  absolutely must-pass, must-do piece of legislation.   Then, of course, there is the never-ending humanitarian and security  crisis at the border. We need to continue our work to crack down on  fentanyl trafficking. Again, unleash the power of American energy;  ensure that Ukraine, together with our allies, has the tools they need  to win its fight against the Russian invasion and so much more.   So I simply don't understand how the Senate can continue to coast at  a glacial pace. We have a lot to do for the American people; and the  majority leader who sets the floor agenda needs to make sure that we  buckle down and get this work done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   