 Mr. President, 4 months ago, Speaker McCarthy invited  President Biden to start negotiating an agreement to preserve the full  faith and credit of the United States and to begin to get our Nation's  financial house in order.   The Speaker stood ready to discuss a responsible way forward, but for  weeks on end, the Biden administration and the Senate Democratic leader  insisted that there would be no discussion of reasonable reforms to  Federal spending. Washington Democrats wanted a green light to spend  more taxpayer dollars with no strings attached. Well, the people's  House had other plans.   Speaker McCarthy and his team committed to what I said repeatedly was  the only way to get an outcome. Just as with 7 of the last 10 debt  limit agreements in recent history, House Republicans focused on  reaching a bipartisan agreement to put reasonable caps on Federal  spending.   The Speaker's deal secures reductions in discretionary spending. But  this top-line achievement is actually just part of the story. House  Republicans also succeeded in clawing back $28 billion in unspent COVID  emergency funds, they eliminated this year's budget for hiring new IRS  agents, and they expanded work requirements to put more Americans on  sustainable paths out of poverty. They put an important down payment on  permitting reform by imposing a shot clock on the costly bureaucratic  reviews that hamstrings infrastructure projects. And they forced the  executive branch to start balancing the cost of new regulations with  corresponding cuts--a move that would have saved taxpayers $1.5  trillion in just the past 2 years.   Last fall, the American people elected a divided government. After 2  years of total Democratic control--2 years of radical spending and  runaway inflation--they decided to send a Republican majority to the  people's House. They decided to require that President Biden and  Washington Democrats start working with Republicans on the biggest  issues facing our country.   Now divided government means negotiated deals. It means nobody gets  everything they want. But in this case, it means the American people  got a whole lot more progress toward fiscal sanity than Washington  Democrats wanted to give them.   Speaker McCarthy and House Republicans deserve our thanks. This  spring, they passed the only viable legislation that both preserved our  Nation's full faith and credit and made real progress toward getting  Federal spending under control.   House Republicans' unity forced President Biden to do his job. It is  really just that simple. And now Congress will vote on legislation that  locks in that important progress.   Republicans have a tremendous opportunity to take on an existential  challenge facing our economy and future generations of Americans. We  have a chance to start bringing Washington Democrats' reckless spending  to heel. Soon it will be the Senate's turn to put this historic  agreement on the President's desk. Let's not pass up our shot.   