 Mr. President, I rise today to honor a distinguished North  Carolinian and a dear friend, High Point University President Dr. Nido  Qubein.   Dr. Qubein immigrated to the United States from the Middle East when  he was 17 years old. He came to our country to pursue his education and  attend college. Needless to say, his academic achievements were  impressive, and they were an early indication of the success he would  build in North Carolina.   He received his associate's degree in business from Mount Olive  College, a bachelor's degree in human relations from High Point  University, and a master's in business education from the University of  North Carolina at Greensboro.   My family and I have had the pleasure of knowing Dr. Qubein and his  family and his wife Mariana for decades. We have been inspired by their  dedication to education and their service to others.   During his career in business, philanthropy, and education, Dr.  Qubein has been widely recognized for his work. He received the Ellis  Island Medal of Honor, the Horatio Alger Association for Distinguished  Americans designation, the Daughters of the American Revolution  Americanism Award, and has been inducted into the National Speakers  Hall of Fame.   But of all of his accomplishments, what he has been able to achieve  for his hometown of High Point, NC, is perhaps his most indelible  legacy. In 2005, High Point University trustees asked him to become its  seventh President. Dr. Qubein decided to scale back his business career  and to accept their offer to lead his alma mater. That decision  launched a huge golden age.   What has happened under Dr. Qubein's tenure is nothing short of a  complete transformation of High Point  [[Page S2971]]  University. Enrollment at the school has more than quadrupled--now over  6,000. Nearly every year, HPU has topped itself, increasing the number  of students in each year's class. In 2005, HPU had three specialized  academic schools. Today, there are 13, including dental, law, and  engineering. In 2005, the university had 108 full-time faculty. Today,  they have 500. In 2005, the university's endowment was just over $45  million. Today, it has quadrupled to $180 million. The size of the  campus has skyrocketed by over 400 percent to 520 acres. Under Dr.  Qubein's leadership, the university established a full-time, pro bono  physical therapy clinic, as well as new schools for business,  communications, law, natural sciences, health sciences, nursing, a  school of pharmacy, a conservatory, and so much more.   All of this growth has led to this amazing fact: The percentage of  graduates who either begin a career or enroll in graduate school within  180 days of earning their degree is 99 percent. That outcome is 14  percent higher than the national average.   The success is all the more exceptional because High Point University  is an institution led by the values of its president. HPU is a God,  family, and country institution. They welcome students of all  backgrounds, but the values of faith in God and patriotism are at the  core of what defines High Point University. They lead, and they lead  with purpose.   Simply put, Dr. Qubein has transformed High Point University from a  small, little-known southern college into a nationally known and  respected institution that now draws students from all 50 States and  more than 50 countries around the world.   So on behalf of the citizens of North Carolina, I would like to  extend my sincere thanks to Dr. Nido Qubein for everything he has done  for the city of High Point and the university that bears its name and  for setting the standard for what it means to be an extraordinary  American citizen.   I yield the floor.   