 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks.    Mr. Speaker, I will take the next half hour to talk about  the national debt, our spending, and our deficit.   Somebody asked how big is our national debt?   Well, Federal debt is $32 trillion. The $32 trillion mark arrived 9  years sooner than pre-pandemic forecasts had projected, reflecting the  trillions of dollars of emergency spending to address COVID-19's impact  on our sluggish economy.   How much does each individual owe?   According to the U.S. Treasury's official figure for the debt, the  Federal Government is at $32 trillion in debt or, more precisely 32-- well, I am not even going to go into it. It is just a lot of money, and  it equates to $95,660 for every person living in the U.S., or $242,570  for every household in the U.S. This is an existential threat to our  country.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Schweikert),  my good friend, to talk more about the big picture of the debt, then we  are going to talk about some specific issues.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Schweikert) to ask some questions.   How much do we currently pay to service the debt?    On an annualized basis, what is that number, a ballpark?    So $600 billion?    My question is this: How many jet fighters do we get for  that money?    Let me ask another one: How many submarines, nuclear  submarines, do we get for that money? How many people get help, food  for pregnant moms? How many do we feed with that money?    All right. We are going to start talking about what we can  do about that. I thank my friend from Arizona for joining us tonight  and giving us that advice.   Folks, you may have heard of Dave Ramsey. He has helped millions of  Americans get out of debt, turn the corner on their finances. May have  read one of his books or taken one of his classes.   The key to his get out of debt programs, he offers simple steps.  These are reasonable measures that anyone can take. The first step he  often recommends is to make a list of your current debt and your  current spending. The actual first step is to decide that you are done  being in debt.   Our Nation's debt stands at, as we just heard, almost $32 trillion.  We need a Dave Ramsey program here in Washington, D.C. The United  States debt stands at $32 trillion. Every year, the Government  Accountability Office puts together reports on wasteful spending and  ineffective programs in the Federal Government. These reports, if read  and applied, would help us streamline government programs, reduce  waste, minimize fraudulent payments, create oversight, and greater  accountability to taxpayers.   As we head into the appropriation season, I am asking all of my  colleagues to join with me and others who have read these roadmaps from  the Government Accountability Office with recommendations for how we  can reduce Federal spending, save taxpayer funds, and most importantly,  start paying down the debt.   Here are some key findings from the General Accounting Office. In  2022, 18 Federal agencies reported an estimated $247 billion in  improper payments. Over the past two decades, the Federal Government  wasted $2.4 trillion on payment errors. Federal taxpayers pay $2  [[Page H3063]]  billion each year maintaining empty government buildings. GAO  identified $552.7 billion spent on duplicate and redundant programs in  2022.   If our Nation is ever going to dig its way out of this debt, we will  have to start tackling wasteful spending. That includes going after the  improper payments made in error.   What is an improper payment? First, fraud. An individual or business  willfully stealing from the government. Secondly, mistaken identity.  Payments going to the wrong person. Third, payments going to a deceased  person.   Here is just one example: More than 47 percent of the payments to the  Veterans Administration Department, particular program in the VA, made  in 2022 were improper. Let me say that again: More than 47 percent.  That is almost half of the payments in one program. The good news is  that is an improvement because 5 years ago that number was at 100  percent of that program's budget. One hundred percent went to the wrong  people and they are down to just 50 percent now. Maybe in 5 years, if  they keep going at this rate, they will be down to 25 percent. Maybe  not.    In 2022, just 18 Federal agencies reported wasting an estimated $247  billion on incorrect payments. That is just 18 agencies, not the entire  government.   Our government also holds thousands of vacant, unused properties. We  pay every year for lawn maintenance, electricity, security, energy  costs for these unused properties. The Government Accountability Office  estimates that we spend $2 billion each year just on maintaining these  empty buildings.   Another major area of concern is redundant programs. In 2022 alone,  the Federal Government wasted $552.7 billion on duplicate programs.  Taxpayers receive no benefit for these redundant programs that create  more inefficiencies and run up the costs needlessly.   Unauthorized programs are also an additional source of wasted funds.  If Congress hasn't authorized a program, why is the executive branch  spending taxpayer funds on it? There are over a thousand unauthorized  government programs that Congress continues to fund without  reauthorizing or reviewing these programs.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Biggs) to  talk about that more in depth and to engage in a colloquy.    Mr. Speaker, let me ask my friend a question, if I may.   We talk about authorizing programs. How does Congress authorize a  program?    A committee would hold a hearing, would invite in  administration officials, executive branch officials, and would review  the effectiveness of the program. There may be an inspector general's  report about a wasteful part of the program. There may be newspaper  articles or other sources of information. You hold a hearing, and the  staff would be investigating this before the hearing. Then, we vote to  recommend to the whole House whether that program should be  reauthorized or not.    How long have you been in Congress?    We have just identified the process for one agency or one  program to be reauthorized. We are talking about 1,100 unauthorized  programs that Congress needs to authorize before it appropriates money  to them. That is not even including the 325 programs that will need to  be reauthorized at the end of this year. We are going to be close to  1,500 programs, and over half of the discretionary budget will go to  unauthorized programs.    I thank my friend for that compliment. I have really just  stolen a lot of ideas from a lot of people and tried to put them  together in one place.   One of the things that aggravates me the most about unauthorized  programs--and I am so happy that you raised it and are talking about  it--is that it really was a fraud on Members of Congress.   For example, with the Endangered Species Act, it was a problem with  eagles and this chemical called DDT. It was thinning the eagles' eggs,  and the eagles weren't reproducing, so we had a declining bald eagle  population in the United States.   We passed the Endangered Species Act, but the promise to the Members  of Congress is: We will review this every 5 years. This isn't going to  go on forever, folks. When we take care of this bald eagle problem and  a few other critters, we are going to be done with this program.  [[Page H3064]]    I think Ronald Reagan said that the closest thing to eternal life on  this planet is a Federal program, and that is what we have seen.  Congress doesn't bother reauthorizing these programs, so they just go  on and on because we would have to actually make a tough decision if we  were going to reauthorize these programs, amend these programs, or cut  these programs. Nobody wants to make a tough decision. It is much  easier just to make our grandchildren pay a huge debt because we are  too lazy, too unfocused, to actually do our job.    The Endangered Species Act is no longer used as a shield.  It is now used as a sword, yet we don't authorize it. We don't hold  hearings, and we don't examine the impact of the Endangered Species  Act. Parts of it undoubtedly are good, but a large part of it is a  program that needs to either be cut, amended, or certainly examined.   Mr. Speaker, I invite our good friend from Virginia, who has a wealth  of information for Americans, to join us and tell us what he knows.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Good).    Mr. Speaker, I would love to ask Mr. Good a couple  questions.    As a fellow deficit hawk, you heard about the vacant  buildings that the Federal Government owns. I think the most accurate  number I have heard is 77,000 vacant or underutilized buildings that  the Federal Government owns. There have been some estimates that it is  a little bit lower than that, but anywhere in that range is absolutely  incredible to me.   It costs approximately $2 billion a year to just keep those vacant  buildings up to speed, whether it is the electricity, the security, the  lawn maintenance, all those things--$2 billion a year. We also spend  billions of dollars to house Federal employees in office buildings that  are privately owned.   This has been going on for 10 years. The GAO has been reporting this  to Congress. My question to my good friend--and I am not accusing my  good friend at all--why doesn't Congress--this is the worst part of  it--the GAO, the Government Accounting Office, is a congressional  office. Why do we pay for reports to find out about the waste and then  ignore the reports that we are paying for about how the executive  branch wastes money? What is the answer?    Mr. Speaker, wouldn't it be a great idea to tell the  executive branch that when they get done selling 10 percent of these  buildings or 20 percent of these buildings they will start seeing  funding again?   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   