 Reserving the right to object, I want to start by  thanking my colleagues for their service in the Armed Forces in the  greatest country ever. There is no institution in this world I honor  more than the U.S. military. I am thankful to every veteran in this  country.   I also want to note that I respect my colleagues' strong pro-life  voting record. The Republican Party has been the pro-life party for  half a century. We ought to be proud that we stand for life. We stand  for the most vulnerable of our society: the unborn. I know my  colleagues here share that conviction. The disagreement we are having  today is about tactics.   Let me explain why I am doing it, how we got here, and where we go  from  [[Page S5287]]  here. Nine months ago, the Pentagon announced that they would start  using our taxpayer dollars to facilitate abortion. Let me say that one  more time. Nine months ago, the Pentagon announced--announced by memo-- that they would start using our taxpayer dollars to facilitate  abortion. The Pentagon is now paying for travel and extra time off for  servicemembers and their dependents to get abortions.   Congress never voted for this. We also never appropriated the money  for this. There is no law that allows them to do this. In fact, there  is a law that says they can't do this. One more time: There is a law  that says they can't do this, created in this room. It is 10 USC,  Section 1093. It says the only time the Pentagon can spend taxpayer  dollars on abortion is in cases of rape, incest, and threat to the  health of the mom. So this is a policy that is illegal and immoral.  This is about life, and it is also about the rule of law. It is about  our Constitution. It is about whether we make laws at the Pentagon or  whether we follow the Constitution.   This is also about the integrity of our military. The only thing in  this world I honor more than our military is the Constitution. We all  swore to uphold the Constitution. I also feel very strongly about the  obligation to uphold it every day in this room. I cannot simply sit  idly by while the Biden administration injects politics in our  military--again--injects politics in our military from the White House  and spends taxpayers' dollars on abortion.   The only power that a Senator in the minority has is to put a hold on  a nomination--the only thing. I am not the first person to do this.  Holds on nominations happen all the time. Holds on military nominations  have happened many, many, many, many times before. Typically, they  don't last as long because the administration will work with a Senator  until the issue is resolved. But that has not happened this time. Zero  negotiation.   Abortion is the most important thing to the Democrats that they have,  and they won't negotiate. One more time: Abortion is the most important  thing the Democrats have, and they will not negotiate.   This has been going on for 9 months. Every day this continues is a  day that Democrats think abortion is more important than the nomination  at our military. I support many of these nominees, and I agree that  these are very, very important jobs. But we could have been voting on  these nominees the entire 9 months.   The Senate has had more than 90 days off this year, not including  weekends. Each nomination could take as little as 2 hours. In fact,  tomorrow we will be voting on three of the most important nominees that  we forced the leader of the Senate to bring to the floor. The nominees  at the very top ought to be voted on anyway. These jobs are too  important not to receive the advice and consent of the Senate.    I have to respectfully disagree with my colleagues about the effect  of my hold on readiness. My hold is not affecting readiness. The Biden  administration has been saying this for months, but nobody has an  explanation. Nobody. The fact is, no jobs are going unfilled. Every job  is being done. In fact, GEN Mark Milley said recently that our  readiness is the best it has been in years. Time and again, generals  and servicemembers have assured me that they are ready to go. I believe  them.   I am going to keep my holds in place. If Senators want to vote on  these nominees one by one, I am all in. I am happy to do that. But I  will keep my hold in place until the Pentagon follows the law or the  Democrats change the law. This is about our Constitution. This is about  the rule of law. That is what we are about in here. It is about the  integrity of our military. It is about keeping politics out of the  military. I did not put it in the military. Joe Biden and Secretary  Austin put politics in the military. And it is about the right to life.  These are some of the most important things in the world to me. And so  I object.    I object.    I object.    Senator, that was the type of negotiation I have been  looking for, for the last 9 months. Nobody--zero--has come to me with  any alternatives to bypass to get this done.    It would; it would be a good starting point. We can  sit down and work this out, but we can't do it without negotiations.  That is  [[Page S5289]]  what I was saying earlier. There have been zero negotiations. There has  been no give. It has all been take--three 1-minute calls with the  Secretary. I haven't talked to him since June. There has been no more  conversation. So how do you work out a problem without communication?    Reserving the right to object, first of all, I would  like to correct something my colleague just said. Not one time in my  life have I ever said anything about anybody in our military was a desk  jockey. I don't know where he got that from. I guess that is a military  term. I would not do  [[Page S5290]]  that. I would not disrespect anybody in any job in the military that  they have ever done. So I just want to set that story straight with  people who will write a little bit about this disagreement tonight.   But with that, I object.    I object.    I object.    Madam President, I object.    Madam President, I object.    Madam President, I object.    Madam President, I object.    Madam President, I object.    Madam President, I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    Madam President, I object.    Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.   