 Mr. Speaker, ``It wasn't an accident. Policing in our  country is inherently and intentionally racist. Daunte Wright was met  with aggression and violence. I am done with those who condone  government-funded murder. No more policing, incarceration, and  militarization. It can't be reformed.'' Thus said Congresswoman Tlaib  who was just down here talking about this.   Congresswoman Omar: ``You can't really reform a department that is  rotten to the root.''   That is the truth of what my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle think about law enforcement. The gentleman from Massachusetts is  down here besmirching the 21 Members of our body who said no to the  politicization of the Capitol Police.   You want to know why it is not in here? It is because my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle want to turn the Capitol Police into  political pawns. That is the truth.   We had a resolution in the last Congress, H.R. 1085--I voted for it-- giving a Congressional Gold Medal to the brave men and women of the  Capitol Police who stood here on January 6.   Then my colleagues on the other side of the aisle didn't want to  leave it there. They then added another resolution a mere 2 months  later when they wanted to play politics. They are playing political  games.   Instead of honoring our men and women of law enforcement, Democrats  played political games on a different tragedy, April 2, 2021, when  Officer Billy Evans was killed and Officer Kenneth Shaver was injured  by a man obsessed with the Nation of Islam who slammed his vehicle into  the north barricade of the U.S. Capitol complex. That didn't fit the  narrative. That didn't fit the narrative of my Democratic colleagues,  seeing they want to be able to come down here and make claims that they  are not defunding the police, that we are. Because we dare to stand up  and say we should have fiscal responsibility and set a top-line cap, my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to besmirch Republicans  for cutting all manners of programs.   Yet, they bring no solutions to the American people about ending the  $32 trillion in debt, destroying the dollar, causing inflation,  undermining jobs, and destroying our country. They know exactly what  they are doing, and they are doing it on purpose.   We are going to stand with the men and women in blue across this  country. That is what this resolution is about. It is about standing  with them, and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle spent every  waking moment undermining them, saying we should defund them when there  were riots on the streets and our cities were burning to the ground. My  Democratic colleagues didn't care. They allowed it to happen. They knew  exactly what they were doing. That is what this is about.    I would add this: My father carries a card around with him. He is 80  years old. That card was given to him by his father, a chief of police  of a small west Texas town. It is called: ``Jackie: `The Son of a Hard  Boiled Cop.'''       You think I'm a hard-boiled copper      For writing a mere ``forty-three'';      Well perhaps I'm thinking of Jackie      And all the lad meant to me.      How's that? Tell you all about it?      Well, stranger, the boy was my son.     Mr. Speaker, and I continue:       God! What I'd give to hear, ``Daddy,''      Once more when the day's work is done.      The driver was just in a hurry,      He didn't intend any harm,      But the Sun and stars quit shining,      When I picked up my boy's lifeless form.      Well, mister, I'll tear up this ticket;      I don't want to ``pinch'' anyone;      But I'd ride this motor through hell-fires      To protect another man's son.      So the next time you feel like speeding      Or passing a boulevard stop,      Just pause and remember my Jackie--      The son of a hard-boiled cop.    My dad carries that with him to this day, and he is 80 years old. If  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to play politics with  cops, they can do it on somebody else's dime.   