 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks prior to the scheduled rollcall vote.    Mr. President, I rise today to honor the life and to mourn  the passing of a Kansan whom I was privileged to know for many years  and to work with for many years--Bill R. Fuller. Mr. Fuller touched  lives, the lives of everyone who knew him, and he left the world and  our State a better place.   He is, in many ways, a traditional, typical Kansan. He was raised on  a family farm in rural Ottawa County. Bill knew--as farmers do, as kids  growing up on farms know--he knew the value of hard work, he knew the  value of service, and he practiced that and he preached that.   He attended Miltonvale Rural High School and graduated in 1956. He  was the chapter president of his FFA chapter. He participated in band  and choir, was a member of the National Honor Society, and was a member  of the mile relay team that set a new record at the K-State indoor  meet.   Wheat harvest, like to many Kansans, was an important part of Bill's  life, an important part of his early life. And during his childhood  years, his family was selected to be part of the Harvest Brigade during  World War II, agreeing to follow harvest across the country with  Massey-Harris Model 21 new-technology harvesting machines--something we  now call the combine.   After graduating from Kansas State University with a degree in  agriculture, Bill moved his young family to Miltonvale to continue  working on the family farm and to be a teacher.   Years later, he was elected in 1979 to serve in the Kansas House of  Representatives, the Kansas Legislature. It is here that I first met  him. He had a really close working relationship with a Senator that I  served with in the State senate--Senator Ross Doyen of Concordia. They  served and worked together on issues and committees related to  agriculture and livestock and where he--Bill Fuller--would later become  its chairman.   After leaving the legislature, he took a position as assistant  director of public affairs for the Kansas Farm Bureau. Bill was known  and respected as a champion of agriculture in the halls of the Kansas  statehouse and here in Congress. He was later appointed by President  George W. Bush as the executive director of USDA Kansas Farm Service  Agency, FSA, and there he supervised more than 500 employees, managed a  $41 million budget, and administered 30 programs for conservation, farm  loans, and disaster relief and benefits to Kansas farmers and ranchers.   In 2007, he was selected to receive the Administrator's Honor Award.  He served from March 12, 2001, and retired January 29--birth date of  our State--in 2009. He served two full terms as FSA director.   Bill worked tirelessly to make government work better for farmers and  ranchers across Kansas. And we felt it; we saw it; we enjoyed working  with him on behalf of agriculture in Kansas.   Bill also took the time to mentor and inspire many young people to be  involved in agriculture, both as a teacher and, later, with the Kansas  Farm Bureau. Members of my staff have been students of Bill's, and I am  grateful for his willingness to mentor and teach the next generation of  farmers and those creating farm policy.   I know I will speak for many others when I say we will all miss his  wisdom, his knowledge, but also his kindness and his caring. It is just  a joy to be with him. In Kansas, we know the value of community, and we  rely upon our neighbors in time of need. Bill demonstrated his  connection with his neighborhood, with his community, as a member of  the Lions Club, as a leader of his Lions Club, and his work as a  volunteer in the rural fire department. Rural fire districts are very  important in our State, and Bill understood the value and spent much of  his free time repairing and constructing firefighting equipment.   Bill's life is an example of the difference that a person can make. I  am glad he lived the life he lived. I am glad he made the difference  that he made. And I know his legacy will live on in the agriculture  community in the State that he loved. My prayers are with his wife  Janice, his three children, and the entire Fuller family and all in  Kansas who knew and loved him.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   