 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 5 minutes prior to the scheduled rollcall vote.    So I think one of the things that has become increasingly  accepted here is that deindustrialization was a terrible mistake for  America. No. 1, it hurt us and wiped out good-paying jobs that we  relied on to build strong communities, and the other is it left us  vulnerable in our supply chains.   And one of the things that is talked a lot about in terms of  industries is these provisions called ``Buy American.'' We have laws  called ``Buy American.'' I think it is especially important when we are  spending taxpayer dollars on propping up an industry that it have  strong provisions that do so.   What is called the infrastructure bill has $5 billion of American  taxpayer funds to build electric vehicle charging stations in the  United States, and it has, in that bill embedded, very specific ``Buy  American'' requirements that those funds may be used only so that all  the iron, the steel, the manufactured products, the construction  materials that are used are produced in the United States.   It is very simple. It is pretty straightforward. That is what the law  reads, both a broader law that already exists and then the provisions  of this bill.   The Biden administration, after passing this, however, didn't just  fail to implement this provision--they were almost a year late in even  issuing any findings on it, but they have now come out with this  waiver. A waiver of that ``Buy American'' requirement that allows  foreign-made EV chargers--translation, Chinese-made electric vehicle  chargers--up until October of 2024.   But there is more. They actually give the Federal Highway  Administrator the ability to extend that deadline by 5 years. And so we  are now facing, under this waiver they are requesting, the real  prospect that significant portions of the $5 billion that is going to  go to electric vehicle charging stations is going to be spent on  Chinese companies--taxpayer dollars.   So we are either serious about restoring America's industrial  capabilities or we are not. We should be especially serious about it  when we are spending Federal funds on it.   Now, I have watched some of the debate, some of the things the  administration is telling people about how somehow this is going to be  the opposite effect. There is this 1983 general regulation that they  have written or waiver that they have in place. Everyone knows here  that specific statutory language, such as that that exists both in this  bill and in other law, supersedes any of these. But the other is very  simple. The administration, as they have done with a bunch of other  regulations, can either amend it or get rid of it. But they are using  that as a threat.    What they are basically telling people is, if you vote for this, if  this thing passes, we will interpret that 1983 general provision to  just do anything we want with regard to this.   So it is pretty straightforward. Get rid of it. Don't use it that  way. Commit yourself to rebuilding American industry, American jobs.   The bottom line is this. You can play all the jiujitsu games you want  with regard to language, the bottom line is this: If we are going to  spend $5 billion of taxpayer money to build electric vehicle charging  stations in the United States, it should be made by Americans, in  America, using American products.   And if you agree with me, I am going to give you a chance right now  to vote for something that wipes out this waiver that the Biden  administration wants to put in place that will guarantee that that may  never happen and that most of this money--taxpayer money--will go into  the hands of Chinese companies to build electric vehicle charging  stations in the United States.   We shouldn't allow that to happen. I urge everyone to vote for this.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   