 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment, which establishes  a voluntary pilot apprenticeship program for students at Part 141  flight schools.   Up front, I will stress that this amendment has wide bipartisan  support, and providing yet another option to bolster the pilot pipeline  shouldn't be a partisan issue. Specifically, for the proposed  apprenticeship program, up to eight students enrolled at Part 141  flight schools would be eligible for a new apprenticeship program each  academic year.   To emphasize, this is a voluntary program, meaning flight schools can  choose to participate. Members might ask: Why establish an  apprenticeship program at flight schools?   There are several reasons:   First, apprentices will receive an airline standard of training and  will also be provided flexibility in pursuing career aviation  opportunities.   Second, the bill will incentivize individuals that have an interest  in aviation to attend their local flight schools, which in turn will  provide a greater opportunity to bolster the pilot pipeline and a  certified flight instructor pipeline simultaneously.   Third, this isn't a one-size-fits-all approach. The amendment  provides flexibility to establish an apprenticeship program that fits  the needs/curricula of the individual flight schools themselves. After  all, a flight school in southwest Florida may have completely different  operations compared to a flight school in Alaska.   Moreover, there are approximately 600 Part 141 flight schools in the  United States today; however, only approximately 250 of these flight  schools are active in a large way.   This amendment includes provisions to incentivize retired airline  pilots and retired military pilots to give back, specifically by  directing the Secretary of Transportation to develop methods to  establish an expedited path that will allow retired pilots to become  certified flight instructors. After all, the value of their decades'  worth of experience speaks for itself.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Nehls).    Mr. Chair, I am prepared to close.   Mr. Chair, this is a great amendment with strong bipartisan support.  I ask Members to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   