 Mr. President, I rise today to join the chairman of the  Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs in asking that the Senate pass  the Veterans' Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment--COLA--Act of  2023.   This is not the first time we have done this. This is an annual  occurrence, and it is good to be back and suggesting to my colleagues  that this nonpartisan bill--that we once again come together to pass it  this year, 2023.   This legislation makes certain that the VA's compensation benefits,  which millions of veterans--thousands of Kansans--receive and which  their survivors rely on, keep pace with Social Security and are  adjusted to match the Consumer Price Index.   As we enter another year of crushing inflation--as we unfortunately  enter another year of crushing inflation--this commonsense legislation  is necessary so that veterans and survivors are able to keep pace with  rising costs, make ends meet, and continue to receive the support they  have earned and deserve.   Yesterday, March 29, was National Vietnam War Veterans Day and the  50th anniversary of the last combat troops leaving Vietnam. This is an  opportune time for us as a Senate, us as a Congress, us as a country to  once again commit to making certain that veterans and their survivors  receive the due support, the due respect, and the due recognition they  deserve.   I want to take a moment to address a concern that veterans have  brought to me regarding a December 22 report from the Congressional  Budget Office and a proposal that was put forth to means test veterans'  disability benefits. I do not support this idea, nor am I aware of any  Member of Congress who is pursuing that idea, but it is running around  on social media. If we can assure our veterans that is not a  likelihood, that is a valuable thing to do and provide them some  certainty and eliminate some fear they and their families may have.   Let me assure veterans and their loved ones right now I would oppose  any legislation to enact that proposal.   As ranking member of the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I  know it is our responsibility not only in our committee but within this  Senate Chamber to take care of our veterans--many of whom rely upon the  Department of Veterans Affairs for financial support. This bill once  again this year will help do that. I appreciate the cooperation from  the chairman of the committee.   With that, I yield the floor.   