 Madam Speaker, I just reemphasize what the ranking member  said. We had a robust conversation about 702 this week, and there  should be more robust conversation. What is completely intolerable is  the notion that the authority should be allowed to expire.   As ranking member of the Intelligence Committee, by God, let's reform  it, but do not let it expire. If it expires, Americans and allies will  die.   I rise in support of the National Defense Authorization Act for 2024  and congratulate the chairman and ranking member of the Armed Services  Committee for their constructive work on this legislation which  advances our national security. The partnership between the Armed  Services Committee and the Intelligence Committee is as strong as it  has been during my time in Congress, and I believe that this  contributes to enhanced oversight of the agencies charged with  protecting national security.   Among the many provisions of the NDAA, I want to particularly  highlight the Intelligence Authorization Act, which is incorporated as  Division G of the NDAA. Under the leadership of Chairman Turner, the  Intelligence Committee has worked collaboratively and effectively to  advance the IAA. The conference agreement we have reached with the  Senate advances our national security while supporting the brave men  and women in the intelligence community.   The FY24 IAA includes numerous provisions, the vast majority of which  were developed on a bipartisan basis. To highlight just a few, the IAA  includes a number of proposals I developed jointly with Chairman Turner  intended to accelerate the IC's adoption of cutting-edge technology,  particularly artificial intelligence.   Our ability to leverage emerging technologies to the IC's mission  will determine our ability to stay ahead of our adversaries in a world  of great power competition.   The legislation also includes sweeping reforms to how the CIA handles  allegations of sexual assault and sexual harassment. These reforms came  out of a bipartisan investigation in which we found that too many CIA  officers have experienced sexual misconduct and the agency's protocols  for dealing with these incidents were often frustrating and not  centered on victims. Our legislation would streamline those processes  so victims know where to turn and what to expect.   Madam Speaker, there is no question we face dangerous and complex  challenges around the world. The IC's unique capabilities are what will  continue to give us the edge over our adversaries and keep Americans  safe. I urge support of the NDAA and with the IAA, which is included.   