 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment, which is  an increase/decrease in prioritized money for the CDC to do a study on  the effectiveness of vitamin D against COVID-19.   Vitamin D has long been associated with a healthy immune system,  particularly when combating viral and respiratory infections. It is  evident that maintaining adequate vitamin D levels can dramatically  improve outcomes for patients who are infected with COVID.   I was incredibly disappointed during the entire COVID scare, when  over a million Americans died, that the public health establishment did  very little to encourage people to take vitamin D.   There are many studies out there--they vary from one to the other-- from Spain, from Harvard, from the University of Chicago. In some, they  say that the chance of death can be reduced by 60 percent. In others,  they say for people with adequate vitamin D levels, 2.3 percent pass  away compared to 25.6 percent. In other words, you are 10 times better  off with vitamin D.   In any event, the public health establishment did very little to push  this. In my heart--I have read a lot of this stuff--I believe we could  have cut the deaths by over 80 percent had they done it, which is why I  want to require some sort of study out of the CDC to show this.   The other thing that should have been done during this COVID thing is  if you went in for a checkup, you should have had your vitamin D  checked. That should have been automatic. If you would have had levels,  say, under 20, your doctor could have said that you are in much worse  shape now and that you have to take vitamin D right away. They didn't  do that, I think, because they couldn't make enough money on it and  because, today, the medical establishment is too money driven.   Hopefully, if we do a study and something like this comes back, we  can put our public health establishment a little bit more on the ball.  I think it was an identical thing to COVID. I think it would reduce the  number of deaths by over 80 percent.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, let me point out that there are many  scientists in different countries who feel overwhelmingly that vitamin  D would have reduced the number of deaths.   I believe, sadly, that both our research establishment and medical  establishment kind of tilt toward something that will be more  profitable.   If they would have gotten vitamin D out there in the almost year  before vaccines were available, I think it would have saved a lot of  lives, and it would have probably saved lives even after vaccines  became available.   It is a mystery to me why the public health establishment does not  get involved and, quite frankly, encourage people to take vitamin D  well beyond the normal supplement level. You should probably take four  or five times the amount of the supplement.   In any event, it is frustrating it wasn't done. It is frustrating we  wouldn't check vitamin D levels when the cost to check them is, from  what I could tell, if you go through a mail order thing, like, 50 bucks  to check.    Nevertheless, it wasn't worthwhile for the medical establishment to  do that. I don't see any harm in doing a  [[Page H5777]]  study, and it could result in a massive benefit.   Let me also point out that, disproportionately, people of color were  dying from this disease, and a lot of people feel the reason they were  dying far in excess of the population as a whole was because people  with darker skin don't have as much vitamin D. In particular, it would  have helped people of color.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have nothing more to say other than that I  hope the amendment passes, and I yield back the balance of my time.   