 Mr. Speaker, I have had the privilege to speak in each  of those years talking about the Bible and its importance in my life.   The Psalmist in Psalm 119:105, the longest Psalm in the Bible, the  longest chapter in the Bible, is written entirely about the Word of God  and the impact on the Psalmist's life. He says: Your Word is a lamp to  my feet and a light to my path.   That has been my experience. Over the years, my friend and colleague,  as he has led that, he has heard me talk about my experience from the  Word of God.   Tonight, I will let the Bible, God's Word, speak for itself. We know  in Genesis 1:1, it says: In the beginning, God.   In John 1:1, it says: In the beginning was the Word and the Word was  with God, and the Word was God. That speaks to the foundational truth  that  [[Page H6805]]  God makes up the word, the truth. The revealed Word is His Son, Jesus  Christ. As a Christian, I accept that, but the Bible, the written Word  of God, is powerful.   Every Word of God is tested. We have a lot of books that are out  there today, self-help books, but not all is tested. Every Word of God  is tested, according to Proverbs 30. He is a shield to those who take  refuge in Him.   It talks about the impact of the Word of God in our challenges of  life. In Ephesians 6:17, the Apostle Paul says: Take the helmet of  salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God.   In Luke, the writer says: On the contrary, blessed are those who hear  the Word of God and observe it.   Oftentimes, when we speak about the Bible, we speak about the  principles, but it doesn't work until we use it and we observe it and  the impact of scripture that goes through the entire life of an  individual.   Paul, writing to his son in the faith, Timothy, says: And that from  childhood you have known the sacred writings which are able to give you  the wisdom that leads to salvation through faith which is in Christ  Jesus. All Scripture is inspired by God and profitable for teaching,  for reproof, for correction, for training in righteousness so that the  man of God may be adequate, equipped for every good work.   The power of the Bible continues. It doesn't go away. It says in  Isaiah the prophet: The grass withers, the flower fades, but the Word  of God stands forever.   What else can we say that lasts forever?   Peter said in I Peter 1:25: But the Word of the Lord endures forever,  and this is the Word which was preached to you.   Finally, for our impact in our daily life that can go on, in II Peter  1:20-21 it says: But know this first of all, that no prophecy of  Scripture is a matter of one's own interpretation, for no prophecy was  ever made by an act of human will, but men moved by the Holy Spirit  spoke from God.    That is the power of the Bible. It is God's truth revealed to us to  be used in our lives.   