 Mr. President, today, I want to honor the life and  service of a distinguished Montanan and Vietnam war veteran who  recently passed, Edward Merle Wrzesinski.   Ed was a native son of Montana. He was born on the October 27, 1945,  in Roundup. He was raised on the Wrzesinski family homestead in the  Snowy Mountains, where he spent his time breaking horses, reading  books, and doodling the beautiful Eastern Montana landscape around  him--a landscape that would continue to shape his life forever.   Never one to shy away from service or sacrifice, Ed left Montana to  serve his country in the Navy during the Vietnam war. During the war,  he served on the USS Ranger aircraft carrier from 1963 to 1966, where  he worked in the print shop.   After being honorably discharged from the Navy, Ed moved to Seattle  and entered the print business. Eventually, he took his printing career  to San Francisco, where he opened up his own printing company, called  Barbary Coast Press, and he met his wife Debra.   After a stint in Hawaii, Ed and Debra moved back to Montana, settling  in Twin Bridges, where they started their family. Here they raised  their daughters Tess and Beth and founded Tobacco Root Graphics, an  iconic line of western watercolor greeting cards inspired by Ed's  childhood in the Snowy Mountains in Eastern Montana.   Ed also went on to drive buses for the Twin Bridges school district  and later for Bozeman's Streamline city bus services after they made  their move to Bozeman.   Ed loved his family. He especially liked spending time with his  daughters. Together, they would work on art projects, attend sporting  events, and watch movies.   Ed also loved reading good books. He liked golf. And, as all good  Montanans, he liked to trout fish. On a beautiful Montana summer  evening, you could find him at the river with a fishing pole and a box  of fried chicken.  [[Page S2016]]    Ed passed away on May 4, earlier this year. He had fought a long  battle with prostate cancer, a condition directly related to his  exposure to Agent Orange during his service in the Vietnam war. While  he fought long and hard, I am grateful he was able to get the  healthcare and the benefits he needed in the last years of his life  through the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act, which we were able to  get across the finish line here in the Senate for heroes like Ed. And  we did that in 2019.   Today, it is my honor to commemorate his service and life as an  outstanding Montanan. His legacy will live on through his family and  his daughters.   I am especially honored to have his daughter Tess working on my  Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee staff, where she serves veterans in  Montana and across the Nation and was awarded the National Coalition  for Homeless Veterans' Unsung Hero Award for her tireless work for  veterans.   Beth is also following in his footsteps at the University of Montana,  where she is studying digital filming.   So on behalf of myself and a grateful Nation, I commend Mr. Ed  Wrzesinski and extend our deepest appreciation to him and his family.  He is a part of the fabric that makes Montana the ``Last Best Place,''  and he will be sorely missed.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   