 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Senate has spent months considering  [[Page S5721]]  supplemental action to meet serious, connected threats to America's  national security.   As I have said from the outset, our work needs to address four urgent  challenges: Putin's war on a sovereign democracy in Europe; the terror  campaign against Israel and U.S. forces in the Middle East; China's  aggressive escalation against Taiwan and peaceful nations in the Indo- Pacific; and the Biden administration's continuing failure to contend  with the crisis at our southern border.   Senate Republicans' focus on securing the border didn't just begin  this fall. We have watched for 3 years as the border descended into  chaos on President Biden's watch. And for 3 years, we have urged his  administration to fulfill even its most basic responsibility to enforce  our immigration laws.   Anyone who suggests that Senate Republicans are injecting the issue  of border security into this discussion at the last minute either isn't  serious or hasn't been paying attention.   Continuing to pretend that upholding American sovereignty is any less  urgent than helping our allies and partners defend theirs is reckless.  Borders in Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona are every bit as inviolable  as those in Ukraine, Israel, and the Indo-Pacific. And the sooner our  Democratic colleagues realize it, the sooner we can deliver on urgent  national security priorities.   Now, needless to say, America's adversaries aren't waiting for us to  get serious about our own security. In the South China Sea, for  example, the PRC is increasingly using aggressive posturing and  outright force to disrupt peace, stability, and lawful maritime  commerce.   Beijing now greets lawful passage in international waters with  threatening, unsafe conduct and hyperventilating bluster and continues  to undermine the long-established territorial claims of sovereign  nations throughout Southeast Asia.   Unfortunately, China is not the only adversary stepping up its  aggression in the maritime domain. Iran and its network of terrorists  continue to illustrate the failures of the Biden administration's  deterrence in dangerous detail. On Sunday, a U.S. Navy destroyer and  Israeli-flagged commercial vessels came under fire from the same Houthi  rebels this administration had inexplicably taken off--off--its list of  terror organizations when it took office. This was, of course, a  concession to Iran.    Of course, terrorist violence at sea is only the latest in a laundry  list of Iran-backed attempts to kill Americans in the region since  October 7. At least 77 times, Tehran's proxies have used lethal force  against U.S. personnel in Iraq and in Syria, just since October 7.   By any objective standard, the Biden administration's response has  been woefully inadequate. Tehran remains demonstrably undeterred. As  President Obama's former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta put it last  week: ``I would be much more aggressive.''   So effective deterrence requires both capabilities and credibility.  And America can't hope to deter our adversaries if we signal hesitation  and fear of escalation.   Consider the enemy we are up against. One of Hamas's top terrorists  in Gaza told the media recently that the slaughter of Israelis on  October 7 was ``just a rehearsal''--a bloody rehearsal that left 1,200  innocent people dead and hundreds more in terrorist captivity.   These savages--savages--mean what they say about erasing Israel from  the map. But this is not just Israel's fight. Today, at least eight  Americans are still being held hostage in Gaza. And if Iran and its  proxies get their way, there will be more Americans killed and  captured.   This is not--not--a time to go soft on terror. This is not a time to  put constraints on Israel. This is a time to support your friends and  stand up to your adversaries.   As the Senate considers urgent national security for priorities, our  adversaries in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East are watching closely  what we do.   