 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the  American Battlefield Protection Program Enhancement Act, a vital piece  of legislation that I had the privilege of introducing with my fellow  Congressional Battlefield Caucus co-chair Congresswoman Elise Stefanik.  This bill builds upon the success of the American Battlefield  Protection Program (ABPP), which has played a crucial role in  preserving our Nation's hallowed battlegrounds associated with the  Revolutionary War, the War of 1812, and the Civil War. Since its  inception in 2002, the ABPP has helped conserve over 35,000 acres of  historic battlefield land across 42 States.   The American Battlefield Protection Program Enhancement Act proposes  several important improvements to further enhance the effectiveness of  ABPP.   It would allow non-profit organizations and tribes to apply for ABPP  grants directly. Currently, only government entities are eligible to  seek these grants. This change will expedite the preservation of  endangered battlefields by broadening the pool of eligible applicants  and harnessing the commitment and expertise of nonprofit organizations  and tribal nations.   Additionally, the bill clarifies the scope of ABPP's restoration  grants. Currently, these grants can only be utilized on land preserved  using ABPP program funding. This proposed change will extend the use of  restoration grants to other priority battlefields identified in the  1993 Civil War Sites Advisory Commission Report and in the 2007 Report  to Congress on the Historic Preservation of Revolutionary War and War  of 1812 Sites. This will ensure that their historical significance can  be maintained and restored.   This legislation also clarifies the eligibility of Revolutionary War  and War of 1812 sites for Battlefield Land Acquisition Grants. By  codifying that these grants are solely intended for battlefield sites  as identified in the Congressionally authorized reports on these two  conflicts, we will uphold the original intent of ABPP and ensure the  protection of these historic battlegrounds.   Finally, the bill introduces a much-needed process for updating  battlefield boundaries. Despite decades of new research and  archaeological discoveries, the National Park Service currently lacks a  method to modify and update the battlefield maps they use. Without a  systematic process for modifying boundaries, we risk losing portions of  battlefields whose importance has been revealed through ongoing  research. Our bill would require the National Park Service to  periodically update the battlefield reports to Congress.   The American Battlefield Protection Program Enhancement Act is a  critical step in our ongoing efforts to protect our Nation's heritage  by building a rich educational experience for students and visitors  alike. By allowing non-profits and tribes to apply for ABPP grants,  clarifying the scope of restoration grants, ensuring eligibility for  Revolutionary War and War of 1812 Sites, and creating a process for  updating battlefield boundaries, we will better preserve and honor the  memories of those who fought for our Nation's independence and unity.   I urge my esteemed colleagues to support the passage of this bill,  which will strengthen the ABPP and contribute to the lasting  preservation of our Nation's most storied battlefields. By doing so, we  will continue to pay homage to our history and ensure that future  generations can learn from the sacrifices made on these sacred grounds.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to oppose Perry amendment No.  25, which would zero out the federal government's annual dedicated  funding contribution to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit  Authority (WMATA), or the DC Metro as it is known.   This amendment would eliminate a successful federal-state-local  partnership which provides Metro with $150 million in federal funding  for urgent capital projects.   This funding is matched 100 percent with $150 million from Metro  Compact members Virginia, Maryland, and Washington, D.C.   This annual capital funding program was created by Republican  Representative Tom Davis.   It was reauthorized in the bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and  Jobs Act, through my legislation the Metro Accountability and  Investment Act.   And the funding was included in both the House and Senate T-HUD bills  for FY2023.   The funding enjoys such consistent and longstanding support in  Congress because the federal government is both a stakeholder in the  system and a chief beneficiary of this annual capital funding  contribution.   The federal government receives two seats on the Metro Board of  Directors. Despite making no contributions to Metro's operating budget,  the federal government is entitled to make decisions about the service,  safety, and budget of Metro.   Metro transports thousands of federal employees to work each day, and  that number is increasing as Metro helps federal agencies increase in- person work.   Simply put, the federal government cannot function without Metro.   Please join me in opposing this self-defeating amendment.   Vote no on Perry Amendment No. 25.   