 Mr. Chairman, I extend my thanks and appreciation to  Chairman Sam Graves, the Aviation Subcommittee Chairman Garret Graves,  and Ranking Member Larsen for bringing together, through hearings,  countless meetings, and 2 days of markup, a tremendous bipartisan piece  of legislation meant to improve American aviation and grow American  jobs.   I am grateful that there are nine of my legislative priorities found  within the bill, and I will identify just a couple.    The Access and Dignity for All People Who Travel Act, which I was  proud to lead, ensures those with disabilities who need special  accommodations will receive them. Too often, those with disabilities  and their special accommodations are ignored. This bill will ensure  that right is protected.   Another bill that is included is the Future of Aviation Act, which  allows public airports that receive AIP funds to use those moneys on  infrastructure for the use of advanced air mobility, including eVTOLs,  electric aircraft charging, and further building out airport  infrastructure.   The future of aviation is upon us, and aviation, as we know, is  quickly evolving. Having overseen one of New York's busiest general  airports and now representing several regional airports within my  district, advanced air mobility will help reconnect rural communities,  reinvigorate tourism, improve ease of movement from rural to urban  areas, and enhance quicker transportation of goods and people.   Lastly, I will mention the AIR Act. This bill raises the grant  funding for workforce development programs for pilots, aircraft  mechanics, and more. This reauthorization bill includes $45 million a  year for these grants, a major increase to the current funding level,  and will ensure the next generation of workers in the aviation industry  are well prepared.   Mr. Chair, for this and many other reasons, I urge my colleagues to  support this bill. It is a great example of the bipartisan work that  can be achieved here, and I am grateful to Chairman Graves for his  leadership.   