 Mr. President, so as the Senate closed business last  night, we did something that I think would make the American people  proud. The Senate spoke in one voice condemning the Chinese Communist  Party for brazenly violating American sovereignty with their  surveillance balloons earlier this month.   Our resolution--bipartisan--championed by Senators Tester and  Collins, sends a clear message that China's belligerence, their near- endless escalating tactics, and their scornful disregard for American  sovereignty is unacceptable.   I want to thank Senator Tester above all. He has been the leader in  this whole country on this issue, and I appreciate Senator Collins  working with him, and I appreciate both of their good work putting this  resolution together with strong bipartisan unity.   This resolution condemning China is precisely the kind of  bipartisanship Americans expect at a time like this. Instead of each  party attacking each other, we are united in this resolution, in  condemning China, exactly as we should be.   And last night's resolution is just one step. Senator Tester is also  taking the lead on a bipartisan effort to get to the bottom of why we  didn't learn about these balloons sooner. It is a very important  question that the American people deserve answers to,  [[Page S434]]  and I am fully, fully supportive of this effort.   Again, this is the kind of bipartisanship the country expects. When  China is pushing the boundaries, they don't want Democrats and  Republicans pointing fingers at each other. They don't want any  premature attacks. They want us to come together to respond to the  threats posed by the CCP, and that is just what we did last night.   Now, yesterday's resolution was not the only way the Senate was  focused on standing firm against the CCP. We also, yesterday, had a  briefing from the Department of Defense on our ongoing competition with  China. I want to thank the briefing team for their hard and ongoing  work. While all the details are classified, I want to make a few  points.   First, the United States is competing with China at every level:  economically, militarily, geopolitically, technologically, in terms of  our fundamental values, and more. It won't be enough to outcompete  China in any single area. We must be ready to compete with them on all  of these fronts because that is what China is trying to do.   Second, China's main goal with respect to the United States is to  displace us. Their main goal with respect to the United States is to  displace us, displace NATO in Europe, and displace our allies as the  world leaders on the military and geopolitical side and in driving the  innovations of tomorrow, many of which affect our national security:  AI, quantum computing, 5G and other advanced communications  technologies, bio manufacturing, clean tech, and especially-- especially--the next generation of semiconductors.   China wants to be ahead of us on everything because, if they do, they  will be the ones writing the rules of the road on these technologies.  An autocracy writing these rules, an autocracy that often uses these  technologies to oppress its people and spy on them, that would have  dangerous consequences for the world's democratic nations. A change in  those rules with China in the lead would make the world a safe haven,  unfortunately, for autocracy.   And, finally, the Chinese Communist Party is not constraining itself  in pursuit of these goals. They are all in. They will do whatever it  takes to beat us, and if we do not respond in kind, we won't be able to  keep up.   So yesterday's briefing made a couple of things exceedingly clear for  the Senate and, frankly, for the House. Most importantly, yesterday's  briefing on our competition with China reaffirmed the need for Congress  to work together and pass a clean debt limit without brinksmanship,  without hostage-taking. Few things would hand the world over to the  Chinese Communist Party more than a first-ever default by the United  States. Defaulting would send a loud and clear message to the world  that America cannot be trusted, that squabbling democracies are  incapable of governing, and that the best days of our country are  squarely behind us. To prevent China from overtaking us, we must raise  the debt ceiling on a bipartisan basis as soon as we can--no chaos, no  brinksmanship, no default.   Yesterday's briefing also made clear that the kind of cuts that MAGA  Republicans are pushing would be a disaster for staying ahead on China.  China would love to see the kind of cuts that the MAGA wing of the  Republican Party is pushing. It would guarantee that they would  overtake us across the board--on defense and military preparedness; on  innovation; on American manufacturing, science, and workforce; and so  much more--so much more.   So let me say it again. China would love nothing more than to see the  kinds of cuts across the board that MAGA Republicans are pushing.   The kind of cuts Republicans are talking about are dangerous.  Instead, Congress must complete the appropriations process as we have  in the last 2 years. China is all in on beating us. They are going to  do whatever it takes. And as the Chinese Communist Party drives their  country forward, the worst thing we can do is put America in reverse  with funding levels from 2 years ago. It would be malpractice given  what is at stake.   Now, we have done some good, important work to outcompete China in  the last few years under this Democratic-led Senate: infrastructure,  CHIPS and Science, the IRA, and last year's omnibus bill. But we  shouldn't stop there. We need to ensure all of those bipartisan efforts  are funded. We need to redouble our efforts. We need to keep pushing  ahead.   There is no doubt that the United States and our allies and partners  remain the world leaders militarily, economically, and in innovation.   But if that is to continue, the United States must be all in--all  in--on outcompeting China and make it clear to President Xi that his  autocratic campaign to dominate the 21st century will not--will not-- succeed.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that we start the  scheduled vote right now.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 16.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 17.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 14.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 13.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, finally, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum calls for the cloture motions filed today, February  16, be waived.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   