 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, last night, the President had a real opportunity to put  partisanship aside and speak to all Americans, not just Democrats or  Republicans, but to all Americans.   Instead of sending a unifying message, we heard even more divisive  rhetoric from the President. There were a lot of people who were here  willing to work with him across the aisle to get good things done for  our people and our constituents all across the country, and I consider  myself one of them.   But the President makes it very difficult to do this when he  continues to push lies about Republicans and our policies.   My constituents in the Central Valley are struggling to put food on  their table and gas in their tanks because of this administration.   Unfortunately, the President failed to take accountability for many  problems Americans across the country are experiencing under his failed  leadership, from the rising cost of energy to the fentanyl coming  across our open border.   One issue that hits home for me in particular was what President  Biden said last night about energy. During his address, the President  told the Nation that under his watch, energy bills and gas prices are  going down.   This is not true for my constituents. Over the last few years, my  office has received countless calls from people whose natural gas bills  have tripled due to the high price of natural gas in California.   These are the same people who over the summer were paying over $6 a  gallon to drive to work or to take their kids to school. These energy  prices are crushing working-class families in my community and across  the country.   In my district, the oil and gas industry is critical, not just for  energy production but for the entire community.   The industry is responsible for billions of dollars in State and  local tax revenue that funds vital community services like public  schools, hospitals, and law enforcement.   Kern County is the leading energy provider for the State of  California and the number seven oil-producing county in the Nation.   Yesterday, my guest to the President's address was Chad Hathaway.  Chad owns and operates an independent oil company in Bakersfield and  knows firsthand just how disastrous the energy policies of this  administration have been.   Energy producers like Chad not only provide resources to California  but the entire country. We have the resources right here in our own  back yard, and we can and should be using them.   While we as a country should continue to develop and pursue other  sources of energy, we cannot abandon traditional energy sources like  the President made clear last night that he wants to do.   The Biden administration's energy policies are destroying affordable  energy, high-paying jobs, and energy security for our Central Valley  families.   There are a lot more stories to share about the impacts of this  administration's policies, and tonight, House Republicans have reserved  some time to respond to the President's address last night in this  Chamber and to discuss some of the problems currently facing our  country and the Republican vision for addressing them.   I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson), my good  friend.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the comments. The gentleman  from South Carolina made a great point. We know that history has  happened in this building over the years, and this floor has been  used since 1848.    I don't know if I have ever seen a crowd respond like they did last  night, but I think it was an appropriate response, being that the  President, for the first time in I think in my ninth or tenth time  attending one of these said something that he knew was false about an  entire party. It was unfortunate to see.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Collins).    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for his  comments.   I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Babin), who I had the honor  of doing a little shooting with in the last few weeks down there; had a  great time.    Mr. Speaker, we have run out of speakers, but just  closing comments here.   I have been here for a few years, and I have had the opportunity to  watch a lot of Presidents speak. In those years that I have been here,  I have had some tough votes, I have watched some--I have made some  tough comments.    But what I saw yesterday was a disappointment in my view. To see a  President get up and say some of the things he said, to attack an  entire party when he knows there are people in this group here that are  willing to work with him to actually help the American people, try to  solve the problems that our folks need us to solve for them; it was  frustrating. That was why I took the opportunity to be here today.   I am always looking for those opportunities to work with whichever  President it may be; if it was President Obama or President Trump or  now President Biden. There are always places we can work together. We  have got a lot of things that need to be resolved for the American  people.   What I saw last night was an opportunity that was missed by this  President and, hopefully, he will be able to make that up, and we can  get to work for the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   