 Mr. Speaker, this is an issue that is near and dear to  me, having spent virtually my entire legislative career on the Capital  Markets Subcommittee, including a time as the chair and ranking member,  and this is something that many of us have been working on for a long  time.   Thanks also to Chairman McHenry for setting out an ambitious agenda  to strengthen and expand access to our capital markets.   The legislation being considered here today, both the previous bill,  H.R. 835, and my bill, H.R. 1579, make good on this promise while  increasing opportunity for small businesses, as well as investors in  Michigan's Fourth Congressional District and across America.   Under Gary Gensler, the Securities and Exchange Commission continues  to blow past their longstanding three-part mission to protect  investors; maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and to  facilitate capital formation with a number of other things that are  well beyond that. We are here today to refocus the SEC on its core  mission to help more Americans participate in our capital markets.   During our bipartisan effort, we have heard uplifting stories from  Americans who inspire a new generation of entrepreneurs.   Look, we all know some very hardworking, middle-income folks who know  how to manage their money and manage their money well. Frankly, we  probably all also know stories of wealthy people who, frankly, don't  have a clue financially, and I would never turn over our money to them  to manage or to invest.   So let's talk about a couple of those people in the first category. I  start, first, with a woman named Omi Bell. Omi Bell founded Black Girl  Ventures, an organization focused on providing women of color with  access to community networks, capital, and capacity building to develop  and grow their businesses. Omi does that right here in Washington, D.C.   Omi testified before our Subcommittee on Capital Markets that her  mother invested $10,000 of her own retirement to support Omi's first  business venture. Yet her mom was not considered an accredited investor  and, despite her desire to support her daughter's ambitions, she could  have been disallowed from investing in that.   We also heard testimony from David Olivencia. He is the CEO and  cofounder of Angeles Investors, who, while earning his MBA from Notre  Dame, learned about startups and how early-stage investments could lead  to outsized returns.   Unfortunately for David, as he told his story, he said he did not  qualify as an accredited investor because his immigrant family did not  have wealth that he could inherit.   That is a horrible way, Mr. Speaker, to decide whether someone should  or can invest in a dream and in something that they know about. I can  tell you this: Both Omi and David are all too common in the investment  world. While innovators often turn to their local communities for  support, they often lack the ability to reach those investors, those  truly accredited investors, who can make a huge impact.   Mr. Speaker, under current law, accredited investors are allowed to  purchase securities that have not been registered with the SEC. These  types of offerings carry more risk than public offerings. In theory,  individuals with enough financial sophistication or net worth--again,  those are two different things--can bear the potential losses that may  be associated with these types of securities.   My bill, the Accredited Investor Definition Review Act, would require  the SEC to incorporate ``certifications, designations, or credentials  that further the purpose of accredited investor definition.''   The bill would expand investment opportunities for knowledgeable  investors and provide small business job creators with additional  sources of funding.   The current definition the SEC uses to identify accredited investors  is outdated and based solely and wrongly on wealth and net income. You  shouldn't have to be a millionaire to be an accredited investor.   The ability to participate in a private offering should not be  limited to individuals that pass some sort of Federal Government assets  test. Instead, participation should be expanded to include all  individuals that can demonstrate they have sufficient understanding of  the offering.   Mr. Speaker, my legislation is about leveling the playing field. Do  you see the theme, by the way? The theme from the Republicans and, I  believe, many on the other side is this: We want to make sure that we  allow all Americans to participate in our economic system.   So whether it is in Kalamazoo or Portage, whether it is in Benton  Harbor or St. Joe, or Battle Creek or in Springfield, investors should  be able to support small business startups in their local community  across southwest Michigan and around the Nation.   I look forward to continued bipartisan support for this issue. I  thank the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets and the  ranking member, Mr. Sherman, as well as Representative Lawler, for  their work. I look forward to getting this across the finish line and  helping the American people and American small businesses.   