 Mr. President, we are days away from another MAGA  government shutdown. Avoiding one will require the House majority to  quickly accept a bipartisan solution. Yet, this week, House Republicans  are trying everything but bipartisanship.   Everyone knows that the GOP's proposed CR is a nonstarter here in the  Senate. Let me say that again. Everyone knows that the House GOP's  proposed CR will not pass the Senate because, instead of even  pretending to aim for bipartisanship, this bill had zero--zero-- Democratic input. It calls for a crushing 8-percent cut to virtually  all nondefense spending--8 percent. The House Republican proposal,  drafted and put together by the MAGA hard-right wing is slapdash,  reckless, and cruel.   It includes cutting investments to the Social Security  Administration, to law enforcement, to nutrition assistance, to K-12  education, to small business, to rural communities, to protections for  drinking water, to lifesaving medical research--cancer and other  research--and much more.   The American people need to know just how bad this MAGA Republican CR  truly is. This slapdash CR would decimate investments in lifesaving  research, hollowing out the National Institutes of Health.   This reckless CR would lower public safety, cutting back on drug and  food inspection; weakening wildfire prevention; and eliminating law  enforcement officers in the Federal Government, weakening our battle  against violent crime and the scourge of fentanyl.   And this cruel CR would gut investments in K-12 education, slash  resources for suicide support services, upend Tribal investments, and  cut loans to small businesses and rural communities.   Slapdash, reckless, cruel--that is the hallmark of this MAGA  Republican proposal in the House.   Then there is Ukraine, which the House GOP bill completely abandons.  At the very same time that President Zelenskyy comes to the United  States to make the case for standing firm  [[Page S4568]]  against Putin, the Republican leadership in the House of  Representatives is essentially telling him: You are on your own.   Nothing would make Putin happier right now than to see the United  States waver in our support for the Ukrainian people. Nothing would  make Putin happier. Providing aid is not just a matter of Ukrainian  security but of American security, too, because a victorious Putin  would be an emboldened Putin. That would make the world less safe for  democracy and for America. For MAGA House Republicans to oppose  Ukrainian aid is a terrible, dangerous mistake that could come back to  haunt U.S. security.   Ukrainian aid could have been an opportunity for bipartisanship, but  the hard right--against what, I imagine, is the majority of Republicans  in the House--has prevented that from happening, too.   So let me say it again: The House package is slapdash, reckless, and  cruel, and everyone knows it has no chance of passing the Senate.   The more time House Republicans waste trying to pass this MAGA wish  list, while ignoring chances for real bipartisanship, the greater the  odds they will push us into a costly government shutdown.   The last government shutdown lasted 35 days and began when then- President Trump said to me and Speaker Pelosi in the Oval Office: ``I  am proud to shut down the government.'' That is what he said.   In the 2 years that Democrats held the House, the Senate, and the  White House, we didn't have a government shutdown. We didn't have a  debt limit crisis. We didn't have the kind of chaos that we see when  MAGA Republicans seem to control so much of the Republican agenda. And,  this year, we have already seen both: a debt limit crisis and a looming  shutdown crisis, just months apart.   Only one thing has changed since last year, when there was none of  this chaos: a House controlled by MAGA Republicans. They are back to  their old ways.   And, of course, former President Trump is trying to add to the  crisis--it is typical of what he always does--practically commanding  his MAGA House sycophants to ``shut down the government if they can't  make an appropriate deal--absolutely.''   This is the problem with MAGA extremism: It is not capable of  governing. It is only capable of chaos, and this year, sadly, chaos has  reigned in the House.   It doesn't have to be that way. It doesn't have to be a MAGA  Republican-only bill. It doesn't have to be the MAGA way or a shutdown.  House Republicans have a choice in the matter, between pursuing real  chances for bipartisanship and catering to the hard right. Each time,  they have chosen to empower the hard right. They have chosen  dysfunction and chaos. They have chosen to ignore bipartisanship.    But what was true months ago remains true today: There is no scenario  where we avoid a shutdown without bipartisanship. If Democrats tried to  do it only our way, there would be no bill. But now Republicans are  trying to do it their way; Democrats are not. And there are plenty of  Members on both sides of the aisle who, despite our disagreements,  would like to give bipartisanship a chance, and that is what the  American people would want us to do as well.   We only have a few days left for House Republicans to come to their  senses and choose the more fruitful way. I urge them to reject chaos  and choose to work with Democrats.   There are real people with real lives at stake here. Hundreds of  thousands of Federal workers all across the country could be  furloughed. Services that millions of Americans count on could be  disrupted. Our communities will be less safe and our fellow Americans  suffering from disasters less provided for. Those are a few of the  tragic and unnecessary outcomes if the Republicans in the House let the  MAGA extreme control their agenda.   The matter is simple. If both sides embrace bipartisanship, a  shutdown will be avoided. If House Republicans reject bipartisanship,  if the hard right is given license to run the show, a MAGA shutdown  will be almost inevitable.   