 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague, Mr. Bean of  Florida, for gathering us here this evening to raise awareness of the  rising influence of foreign adversaries in our institutions of higher  education, namely China and the Chinese Communist Party.   As he mentioned, I have just returned from a Foreign Affairs  congressional delegation trip to the Indo-Pacific region where we met  with the leaders of Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan to talk about the  aggression of China not just from a military standpoint, but from a  diplomatic and an economic standpoint.   Here tonight, we are talking about the aggression of China to take  over America through its educational institutions.   Universities across the Nation are being exploited by the Chinese  Communist Party and other foreign adversaries, with the CCP leading  efforts to infiltrate college campuses to steal our intellectual  property, spread propaganda, and collect information to send back to  China.   Our institutions of higher learning play a vital role in preparing  our workforce for not only the next step in their career, but in  evolving as contributing members of our society.   On college campuses across the United States, China has sponsored  ambassadors to enroll in American institutions called ``Confucius  Institutes'' to take advantage of domestic resources while influencing  public perception that China is somehow compassionate and does not pose  an economic or security threat to this Nation. They are doing it all  within our borders, and it is simply false.   The Confucius Institutes aim to expand the Chinese footprint on  universities around the world, influencing our students and threatening  academic freedom.   In the United States alone, China has spent over $150 million  developing these programs by planting over 100 of the institutions.  Today, there are 13 Confucius Institutes in the United States, with  over 100 of the previously established institutes having closed or  being in the process of closing, thankfully.   These so-called culture centers have given universities a direct line  of communication with foreign adversaries, in addition to a direct  source of foreign funding.   By law, universities receiving gifts from foreign countries with a  value of over $250,000 are required to report these donations to the  Department of Education.   Several prestigious universities, however, across the United States,  including universities such as the University of Pennsylvania, MIT,  Harvard, Yale, and Georgetown received funding--lots of funding,  millions and millions of dollars of funding--from foreign adversaries  between 2014 and 2017. Yet, they failed to disclose any of these  donations to the Department of Education.   I wonder why.   During the Trump administration, the Department of Education actually  enforced the law and investigated these reports and donations ensuring  that universities were compliant in this reporting.   As we all know, transparency is the key to accountability in this  country. Yet here we see a lack of transparency on the part of these  universities.   Unsurprisingly, the Biden administration, who has been weak on  foreign policy and the promotion of American interests, has not yet  investigated the nearly $6.5 billion in unreported foreign money  received by colleges and universities during the Biden administration.   I will repeat that again: $6.5 billion.   And you ask, what is that money buying the Chinese Communist Party?   The administration's failure to enforce the law and ensure  transparency and accountability of foreign money funneled into the  United States institutions is dangerous, and it reveals a lack of  desire to protect American national security and our values from bad  actors.   The stake that the Chinese Government has in universities has given  the People's Republic of China and the Chinese Communist Party a seat  at the table of our educational institutions, a seat they should not  have. They are strong-arming free speech and academic freedom. They are  rewriting history, the history of the Chinese Communist Party, and they  are doing it all through the dissolution of our free speech and our  academic freedom, those pillars of our society.    As Members of Congress, it is of the utmost importance that we have  accountability over the foreign dollars entering our college campuses  and universities and ensure that dangerous ideals are not being  promoted across the country through the Chinese Communist Party and  other foreign adversaries that would use this information and these  investments against our national security efforts.   American universities and colleges are esteemed for brilliant  research and academia. We must not tolerate foreign governments  stealing critical information in these premier research programs for  the purpose of using it against the United States and weakening our  national security.   I can tell you again from experience, these past couple of weeks have  opened my eyes to the reality of the threat that is the Chinese  Communist Party. Again, it is not just our diplomatic status, it is not  just our economic warfare that we are engaging in, it is not just what  we are seeing from a military presence that they have around the island  of Taiwan. Know that it is now indeed in our educational institutions.   We must push back on every front. It is a multi-front fight that we  cannot lose, or we will lose this Nation.   