 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from  further consideration of S. 2391 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration; and I further ask that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, will it be in order for me to explain  S. 2391?    I withdraw my unanimous consent request.    Madam President, in a few moments, I am going reassert  my unanimous consent; but, first, I wanted to tell you why I rise today  in our Senate. It has to do with flood insurance.   The National Flood Insurance Program, which is administered by FEMA,  is going to expire in 17 days, September 30. About 5 million Americans  depend on national flood insurance, as you know. Up until recently,  private insurers would not provide flood insurance. The Federal  Government, for that reason, decided a number of years ago to implement  its own program, and it is administered by FEMA.   The National Flood Insurance Program is far from perfect. I don't  want to give the impression that I think that somehow it is a model of  efficiency because it is not, especially after its implementation of  risk rating 2.0.   Having said that, it is an economic--``it'' meaning the Federal flood  insurance program--it is an economic and commercial necessity. It is  almost impossible to buy a home in an area that has the potential of  flooding--which is everywhere now--without ever being able to get flood  insurance.   My bill is a simple bill. It does nothing but extend the Federal  flood insurance program, which, again, is about to expire on September  30, in 17 days. All my bill does is extend it, as is, by 1 year through  September 30, 2024.   If there is a threat--and there obviously is--the government is going  to shut down, I do not want to risk allowing the NFIP to expire during  hurricane season, which we happen to be in.   I mentioned 5 million Americans depend on flood insurance. Well,  500,000 of those Americans are in my State of Louisiana. What would  happen if we allow the NFIP, the National Flood Insurance Program, to  expire? Well, for one thing, the NFIP would be prohibited from issuing  new policies during that period of time, which would shut down commerce  and the real estate business.   Existing NFIP policies--I don't want to scare anyone. If, for some  reason,  [[Page S4431]]  the flood insurance program expires, existing policies are still in  effect until their expiration date and claims will continue to be paid  as long as FEMA has money. However, the Federal requirement that you  have to purchase flood insurance under certain circumstances to get a  mortgage would be suspended, which means many mortgage companies would  not loan money to homeowners.   If we allow the NFIP to expire, the National Flood Insurance Program  would not be able to borrow money from Treasury. Their authority to  borrow money would be reduced from the current $30 billion to about $1  billion, which is not much money, as you know, Madam President, to  recover from a national disaster.   The National Association of Realtors has suggested that during the  lapse of the NFIP--about 13 years ago, we allowed it to expire. At that  time, just in my State alone, about 1,400 residential home sale  closings had to be canceled.   Let me say it again. I know the flood insurance program is not  perfect. I will be the first to say that. I will lead the parade. A lot  of work needs to be done on it, but the only thing worse than what we  have is nothing. It will shut down commerce in terms of real estate in  this country. And in 17 days, September 30 of this year, the National  Flood Insurance Program expires.   All my bill does is one thing: It extends it 1 year. For that reason,  Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Banking,  Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from further consideration of  S. 2391, which is my bill, and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration; and I further ask that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I appreciate Senator Lee's remarks.   I know he has concerns, as well he should.   I am sorry. I will start over.   Madam President, I appreciate Senator Lee's remarks. His objection  does disappoint me; but I appreciate his remarks, and I share his  concern about reforming the Federal replenishment program.   It doesn't look like someone designed it on purpose. It should look  like someone designed it on purpose. It should be reformed. There  aren't 60 votes right now to reform the program, and we don't have time  to do it in the next 17 days. We could, if our majority leader would  vacate all other business on the floor and we worked like most  Americans work, but you and I both know that is not likely to happen.   As imperfect as the program is, I will be back to reurge this  unanimous consent. This is the worst possible time to allow our  National Flood Insurance Program to expire for my State, imperfect as  it is, because we are right in the middle of hurricane season.   I also want to point out, as I told Senator Lee before, I am  certainly willing to discuss with him putting a cap on the amount of  insurance offered. And I will tell you why.   A mischaracterization--that is probably the wrong word. A  characterization that is irrelevant to my State with respect to flood  insurance is as follows: that flood insurance just benefits a lot of  multimillionaires who live on the coast and could afford, frankly, to  even be uninsured. And that may be true in some States. Certainly, if  it is true, I am certainly not denigrating the folks who were  successful enough to be able to buy a beach home. My only point is that  is not true of Louisiana.   Insurance of 500,000 people who rely on flood insurance in my State  are just like you and me. They just get up every day. They go to work.  They obey the law. They pay their taxes. They try to save a little bit  for retirement, and they try to do the right things by their  [[Page S4432]]  kids. They are not millionaires. They are working women and working  men. They have to have this insurance. I just wanted to make that point  for the record.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   