 Mr. Speaker, Ronald Reagan once said that it isn't that  our liberal friends are ignorant; it is just that there is so much they  know that isn't so.   As you hear the talking points coming from the left concerning this  bill, with all the Chicken Little arguments that they are presenting  about how the world is going to collapse, farmers won't be able to grow  things, and our economy will crumble if we secure our border, it is  just plain ridiculous.   I live in south Texas in what they call the ``fatal funnel,'' in  between two highways that lead from the border into Houston, which has  become known as the human trafficking capital of the United States.   I visited facilities where 50 percent of the young women there, of  hundreds of young women, will admit to being assaulted along the  journey. I have visited the border and seen the families that have had  their lives destroyed by what is going on at the border. Of course we  know about the fentanyl deaths, hundreds of thousands of them.   To hear the talking points coming from the left that securing our  border is un-Christian is absolutely ridiculous. I am both a Christian  and the husband of an immigrant. I can tell you; I was there when my  wife put her hand on her heart and said the Pledge of Allegiance for  the first time as an American, and it really meant something. That is  the right way to do it.   We have a legal process, and we have an illegal process that the left  continues to fund and continues to partner with the cartels and  continues to allow them to profit to the tune of billions and billions  of dollars, to advance an illegal process when we need to enforce the  legal process. We have a right way to do it, and we can do it.   This bill secures our border. The fact of the matter is that the  Democrats just don't seem to really care. They don't care about the  lives that are being destroyed. They don't care about the people that  are dying. They don't care about the young girls being sold into the  sex trade.   This administration has lost tens of thousands of kids and so for all  the tears that were happening under the Trump administration as he  worked to secure the border, where is the outcry for the tens of  thousands of kids this administration cannot track?   They are willing to fund the border in other countries. They just  funded a bill in December. We passed an omnibus bill where they were  willing to fund border security in Libya, Lebanon, Pakistan, Nepal, and  Turkey. But here in the United States of America, securing our border  is not something the Democrats want to do.   Of course, yeah, we will get around to it. We just won't vote for  anything that will do it. They had the chance to do it. They did not do  it.   This bill will help secure our border. We need to pass it. I  encourage a ``yes'' vote.  [[Page H2234]]        