 Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. Graves and Ranking Member Larsen  for putting together a solid bipartisan bill to reauthorize the Federal  Aviation Administration.   I am here to discuss how this legislation addresses FAA's research,  development, and engineering activities that are within the  jurisdiction of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.   Our role in the FAA reauthorization is to inform the process by  crafting legislation that supports R&D to advance American aviation.  Our goal with the bill was to support smart, strategic work to promote  innovation and keep America the global leader in aviation. That  leadership is critical to our national security and our international  competitiveness.   For our economy to thrive, we need the ability to transport people  and goods quickly, safely, and efficiently. Staying competitive means  staying at the leading edge of aviation innovation.   With that in mind, last month, the Science, Space, and Technology  Committee unanimously passed H.R. 3559, the FAA Research and  Development Act of 2023. That bill, which has been incorporated into  the legislation before us today, is the product of months of work  within regular order.   We gathered extensive feedback and held a legislative hearing to give  our members a chance to directly question stakeholders, industry, and  FAA representatives on how best to support innovation and modernization  in American aviation.   The result is comprehensive legislation that quite literally supports  aviation from the ground up, from the durability of our runways to how  we monitor traffic over oceans and remote areas. It accelerates the  development of advanced materials for aerospace vehicle construction  and supports research into how more accurately to predict the weather  to reduce delays and increase safety.   Importantly, it ensures that safety continues to be the primary focus  of FAA research and development by requiring a report on whether at  least 70 percent of FAA R&D funds are going toward improved safety.   In short, we have put together a solid framework to support FAA's  research work, one that is appropriately tailored to FAA's jurisdiction  and strengths.   With this legislation, we are ensuring that America remains the  global leader in aviation for years to come.   Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member Zoe Lofgren for working with me in  good faith to develop the R&D portion of this legislation. I thank  Chairman Graves and Ranking Member Larsen for incorporating our work  into this package.   