 Mr. Speaker, we deal with a lot of complicated  issues in this House, and this is not one of them. Let's be clear: 12  hours from now the Federal Government shuts down if we don't act.   This bill will fund the Federal Government for 45 days with a clean  continuing resolution, with just the addition of disaster funding. That  is all this is. Let's not get too complicated.   We are out of time. We either vote ``yes'' to keep the Federal  Government open or we will shut the government down. This is not very  complicated. We either vote to keep the government open by voting  ``yes,'' or vote ``no'' and take responsibility for shutting down the  Federal Government.   This could not be simpler. This could not be easier. The American  people are wise, and they get it. It is hard to believe that some  Members of Congress would be confused on something so easy.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  the State of Nevada (Mr. Amodei).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to extend  debate for both sides by 10 minutes.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Valadao), another fellow appropriator.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. D'Esposito), an amazing leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Molinaro), another great leader.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the text  of H.R. 5860, as proposed to be adopted under suspension of the rules,  be modified by the amendment that I have placed at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would remind everyone that before we  can fund anything else Ukraine, we have to start by funding the  government of the United States of America.   We have been on the floor for a while now, and let me just boil it  down to this, if I may, Mr. Speaker:   If you want to shut down the government and all that that entails,  then there is an opportunity to do so by voting ``no.''   If you want to keep the Federal Government working and open and allow  the democratic process to proceed, then all of us have the opportunity  to do so very simply, after all of the words are spoken, to just vote  ``yes.'' It could not be simpler, Mr. Speaker.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   