 Mr. Speaker, I will note that you are exempt until you  are not exempt.   I rise in support of H.J. Res. 27. This is a very important and  crucial resolution that we pass. There is no greater example of  bureaucratic overreach under the Clean Water Act than the longstanding  regulatory ordeal of understanding and complying with the definition of  ``waters of the United States,'' or WOTUS, as we call it.   Despite the benefits of the Clean Water Act, its history has been  wrought with the tortured past stemming from regulatory headaches and  overreach from bureaucrats, all because Congress never defined what a  ``navigable water'' is. Many times, this combination has led to  uncertainty for individuals and the more formally regulated  communities.   The reality is, this resolution is only necessary because of the  Biden administration's decision to publish a new definition of ``waters  of the United States'' under the Clean Water Act. It is very important  that Congress ensures this overreaching definition has no force.   Now, in my mind, regulations should carry out the intent of the law  in a simple, easily understood, and transparent manner, leaving no  wiggle room for any bureaucrat to substitute their own biases and  hijack the process. Unfortunately, that is not the case with this new  WOTUS rule.   Put simply, this rule is the equivalent of a nuclear warhead aimed  right at our farmers, communities, homebuilders, roadbuilders, and  private property owners, among many others. The ramifications of its  implementation will be far and wide, affecting the prosperity and  economic opportunity of all Americans. As of March 20, that nuclear  warhead is going to be launched.   Once the Federal Government has complete control over the definition  of a ``water,'' because of an arbitrary and ambiguous definition, it  will then have control over everything else that is applied to the  land, whether it be application of pesticides or herbicides or the  building of a fence or a shed or anything else.   A farmer, homeowner, or any other property owner could be prosecuted  for these simple and customary actions because a bureaucrat decides  that what they have done affects a ``navigable water.''   So let's be clear. Ambiguity and subjectivity enshrined by an  environmental rule are no friends of freedom, the production of food or  other goods, or prosperity.   Despite what supporters of the Biden WOTUS rule say, it will do  nothing to  [[Page H1223]]  bring forth certainty and consistency, except for the trial lawyers and  radical environmentalists who are most certainly consistent and  persistent in their work to use the executive and judicial branches of  government to essentially halt the work of, and extort from, those who  produce.   I am proud to cosponsor and support this legislation, Mr. Speaker. I  encourage my colleagues to vote for it.   