 Madam President, the majority leader has said he plans to  schedule a vote on President Biden's $106 billion supplemental funding  request as soon as this week. He knows, as well as I do, that, as  written, this proposal stands zero chance of becoming law. If Senator  Schumer puts this funding request on the floor of the Senate, I believe  the cloture vote--the requirement here that 60 Senators agree to cut  off debate--will fail. In the  [[Page S5705]]  House, the legislation is so unpopular that it will never even make it  to the floor for a vote.   The strong opposition to the President's proposal is completely  warranted, not for what it includes so much as for what it does not  include. The supplemental is supposed to be all about national  security, but it fails to deliver anything on one of the most urgent  national security priorities, and that is the crisis at the southern  border. National security begins with homeland security, right here at  home, and we have a major security vulnerability right here on our  Nation's doorstep.    Since President Biden took office, we have logged more than 6.5  million illegal crossings at the southern border. On top of that, there  have been roughly 1.7 million people who have gotten away. They call  them ``got-aways,'' the Border Patrol does. They are people who have  been identified--at least by their physical presence--on a camera or a  sensor, but when the Border Patrol shows up to try to find them, they  are nowhere to be found.   The truth is, the Biden administration has zero idea of who these 1.7  million people are or what they are capable of or what their intentions  are. They could be people just simply coming here to work. They could  be terrorists. They could be carrying illegal drugs that took the lives  last year alone of 108,000 Americans. They could be people with long  rap sheets. They could be convicted murderers or child abusers. We  simply have no idea, and that is the point. Uncontrolled illegal  immigration is dangerous.   The migration crisis has precipitated another crisis. When thousands  of people are pouring across the border each day, it provides a perfect  diversion for drug cartels in allowing them to move fentanyl, for  example, across the border. Fentanyl alone took the lives of 71,000  young people last year alone. Fentanyl poisoning is the No. 1 cause of  death for those Americans between the ages of 18 and 45 years old. As I  have said, we are losing somewhere around 110,000 Americans a year.   In all the time I have been working on this issue, I have never seen  anything like the current situation at the border. Texas, as you know,  has a 1,200-mile common border with Mexico, so this is ground zero for  the Biden border crisis, but this is unlike anything we have ever seen  before.   President Biden, during his time in office, has shattered every  record on the books when it comes to illegal border crossings. In less  than 3 years, he has set new records for the most crossings in a single  day, in a single month, in a single year. I say ``he'' has because this  would not happen if President Biden would simply use the laws that are  already on the books to try to bring some control out of this chaos.   It is important to realize this didn't just materialize out of thin  air. It was a direct result of the Biden administration's refusal to  enforce the law. Instead, the Biden administration has sent a signal  that our borders are open to anyone who can show up at our borders, and  that message has gotten through loud and clear.   A recent story in the New York Times highlighted just how far the  President's open borders message has traveled. In the past year, more  than 24,000 Chinese citizens have been apprehended at the southern  border. That is more than the previous 10 years combined. Many of these  individuals claim asylum, but whether or not their claims are  successful really doesn't impact on their ability to stay in the United  States. As the New York Times noted, those who are not granted asylum  end up staying anyway because China usually will not take them back.   It is no secret that word travels fast. When a group of migrants  reaches the southern border and is allowed to remain in the United  States, then people watching on television or people on the other end  of a telephone call are told: I made it. You can too. So they keep  coming. Chinese citizens now represent the fourth largest group making  the trek to our southern border. That is astonishing, and it ought to  be concerning.   The reason so many people from around the world are making this  expensive and dangerous trip is that they are all but guaranteed by  Biden administration policies to be able to stay. There is absolutely  no deterrence, no consequence. The Border Patrol has told me countless  times that the migrants used to run away from them, but now they run to  them and turn themselves in, knowing that they will be able to stay.  Migrants used to go to great lengths to avoid being arrested because,  once it happened, it was most likely game over. Law enforcement would  detain the migrants and determine whether they had a legitimate cause  to remain in the United States, but if they didn't, they would be  removed or repatriated to their home countries. If someone wanted to  claim asylum, law enforcement would conduct a credible fear screening  to determine whether they had a colorable case for asylum, but if they  did not, they would be returned to their home country. That is what the  Border Patrol calls consequences and what I would call a deterrent for  people coming who know they don't have any arguable legal basis to be  able to stay.   But, today, that entire story has been flipped on its head. Personnel  and detention facilities are so underwater that the normal processes  have gone out the window. When thousands of migrants are crossing the  border every day, law enforcement simply doesn't have the ability to  detain each and every person long enough to determine if their claims  to stay in the United States are legitimate. Today, migrants want to be  arrested or detained by Border Patrol because they know they are highly  unlikely to be removed. In fact, they are all but guaranteed a  yearslong stay, probably, even openly, with a work authorization.    Today, migrants are quickly processed and released while they await a  court date that is years away. Recently, we had a hearing in the Senate  Judiciary Committee where some of the immigration judges who have the  most experience in considering these cases testified that only about 15  percent of the people who ultimately appear in front of an immigration  judge legally qualify for asylum. That means 85 percent of the people  in that line do not. Yet what is causing this huge backlog is the 85  percent who prevent the 15 percent from getting their cases heard on a  timely basis.   Since President Biden took office, the immigration court backlogs  have more than doubled; now it is more than 2.9 million cases. As a  result, the wait for a court date just keeps on growing.   You know, that is part of the plan of the smuggling organizations  that get rich by smuggling individuals into the United States. The more  people they can move into the United States, the more money they make,  and the more they can stack up immigration court hearings, the more  they can ensure that people are actually released rather than detained.  Then the smugglers win, and we lose.   Earlier this year, the Associated Press reported that, in New York,  court dates were being assigned in the year 2033--not 2023, the present  year, but 2033, a decade away.   With each day that passes, it becomes clearer and clearer that money  alone will not fix the problem. After all, the border crisis isn't the  result of scarce resources but of an intentional refusal by the Biden  administration to actually enforce the law. It is clear we need more  than funding to solve this crisis. What we need are policy changes that  will lead to real change--in other words, stop the exploitation of our  asylum laws and of our catch-and-release policies. President Biden has  proven he is not up to the job. He apparently doesn't care. He has had  nearly 3 years to do something meaningful to stop this crisis, but he  has simply refused to do so.   Congress has a responsibility to act, and this national security  supplemental is the best place to force action. Whether or not  Democrats will admit it, the border crisis is a major national security  risk, and it has to be addressed. I know it is not easy, as border  security and immigration are some of the thorniest issues we debate  here in Congress, but we will not continue to fund broken policies that  have contributed to the situation we find ourselves in today. We need  and will insist on real, substantive changes.   This side of the aisle has been clear that a security supplemental  must include funding and policy reforms to address the crisis at the  southern border, and if that doesn't happen, we will not proceed to the  rest of the supplemental. Yes, there is a bipartisan  [[Page S5706]]  group of our colleagues working on a border provision that includes  both funding and policy changes. I am eager to see what they come up  with, but unfortunately it looks like we are running out of time. That  means that if Senator Schumer, the majority leader, puts a bill on the  floor that fails to address the crisis at the border with real,  substantive policy reforms, we will not proceed to that bill.   National security begins at home. Our security cannot come second to  that of other countries around the world, our allies, even those like  Ukraine and Israel.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   