 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of S.J. Res. 24,  the Congressional Review Act disapproval of the U.S. Fish and  Wildlife's listing of the northern long-eared bat under the Endangered  Species Act.   I was proud to introduce the House companion to this resolution. I  thank Senator Markwayne Mullin for his partnership and leadership on  this issue.   The intended purpose of the Endangered Species Act when it was passed  into law half a century ago was to protect and conserve species. Once  the species is restored and stabilized, it is supposed to be delisted  and its population responsibly managed.   Unfortunately, this well-intentioned law is abused time and time  again by radical activist extremists who would rather see a species  stay listed forever to help their own agenda than follow the original  intent of the law.   Time and time again, radical activist extremists have weaponized the  Endangered Species Act, using it as a tool to block development, block  progress, and block society from moving forward.   Rather than utilizing the law to protect different species, radical  extreme activists see the Endangered Species Act as a basis for their  frivolous lawsuits and as a tool to force their radical ideology onto  the rest of the country.   Take the Center for Biological Diversity, one of the greatest abusers  of this scheme, as an example. When the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service  decided against listing the Minnesota and Midwestern moose in 2020,  they shared with the Minneapolis Star Tribune: ``Now it's going to be a  lot harder to ensure that things like mines and other habit-destroying  projects don't go forward. . . .''   Madam Speaker, the Center for Biological Diversity said the quiet  part out loud. Their intent was not to protect the species but abuse  the Endangered Species Act to advance their radical anti-mining,  antidevelopment agenda.   Today, the northern long-eared bat can be found across more than half  of the lower 48. Its listing under the Endangered Species Act is not  based in science. The northern long-eared bat is affected by white-nose  syndrome, a disease that has no ties to human activity.   Unjustified concern for the northern long-eared bat is being used to  stop important development and infrastructure projects left and right.   While my colleagues on the other side of the aisle cheer its listing,  I have to break it to them that this irresponsible listing will hurt  other projects as well. This listing will block renewable energy  projects, transmission projects, and wind and solar projects.    Madam Speaker, its listing will jeopardize wildfire  mitigation, road and infrastructure construction, and agriculture. What  my colleagues might not realize is this listing will even block  projects that would benefit the species.   The Endangered Species Act is an important law that can help move our  country forward. We should return to its intended purpose as a tool for  conservation and good stewardship of our environment, not a tool for  the radical activist extreme agenda.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. This  is a good piece of legislation that came out of the Democrat-controlled  Senate, and we ought to pass it this afternoon on the House floor.   