 Mr. President, I rise to voice my support for S. 316, a  bill to repeal the authorizations for use of military force against  Iraq. Sending America's sons and daughters to fight in foreign lands  has serious consequences. Those who volunteer for military service, as  well as their families, agree to  [[Page S1014]]  carry things with them for their lifetimes--sometimes difficult and  painful things--all at the behest of the U.S. government and on behalf  of the American people.   I am grateful for and thank those servicemembers who bravely  conducted themselves in Iraq with honor, restraint, and in accordance  with American values and ideals. With that important preface, let me  say clearly: I opposed the Iraq war. I opposed the Iraq war before I  was elected to Congress, while I was a Member of the House of  Representatives, and I oppose it today.   I believe that by any objective measure, the 2002 U.S. invasion of  Iraq was among the greatest foreign policy disasters in my lifetime.  Not only did it cause death and immense suffering of thousands of  Americans and hundreds of thousands of Iraqis, but it also ignited a  series of regional tensions and tertiary conflicts that have carried on  for decades.   Both the Gulf War and the 2002 invasion of Iraq required legal  authorities. The Iraq authorizations of military force were legally  necessary and largely supported at the time. However, very practically,  we no longer need an authorization for use of military force against a  country we now regard as a partner and to which we provide hundreds of  millions of dollars in economic and military aid. This bill recognizes  the positive evolution of our relations with the Government of Iraq. We  will continue to work with our Iraqi partners to limit our military  presence and narrowly define the actions our servicemembers are  authorized to take. It is also important to note that this resolution  will have no impact whatsoever on current U.S. military operations.   Some opponents of this bill have suggested that repealing the  authorizations for use of force will embolden our adversaries or  exhibit America's weakness. To the contrary, whether one supported or  opposed the invasions of Iraq 31 and 20 years ago, it is important to  repeal these antiquated relics of history.   As national security threats arise, they should be properly  addressed. The President can request congressional authorization for  the use of military force with properly debated justifications, after  which, Members of Congress will vote their conscience and America's  will. This bill does nothing to restrict presidential powers of this  nor future Presidents. America will defend herself--always. However, it  is critical that America's use of force be thoughtful and deliberate,  informed by accurate intelligence, and used only when necessary to  preserve and protect our vital national security interests.   Over the years, I have consistently voted to repeal the Iraq  authorizations for use of military force. I commend my colleagues,  Senators Kaine and Young, for their tenacity and determination to see  these repeals through. I also strongly support a review of the 2001  authorization for use of military force which has been the legal basis  for actions far beyond what was ever intended after the attacks of 9/ 11.   For the task at hand, however, I urge all Senators to support S. 316,  a bill to repeal the authorizations for use of military force against  Iraq.   