 Mr. Chair, I can only say that the gentleman from Florida  is mistaken.   His amendment assumes the Lebanese Armed Forces is in some sort of  disarray. It is not. It is the most respected institution in Lebanon.   It assumes that it has not been a good steward of the moneys it has  received. It has. As a matter of fact, multiple administrations have  certified that not a single piece of capital equipment has ever been  lost.   It assumes that somehow it is in the pocket of Hezbollah.   I was in Lebanon and Israel in 2006 as Israel tried to defeat  Hezbollah and did not. Since that time, we have continued to bolster  the Lebanese Armed Forces to fight ISIS and other forces and to  maintain a situation in which American oversight is possible, both  military and civilian, because of the Lebanese Armed Forces.   Lebanon is in an economic free fall, and as a result of its economic  situation, there is direct aid, but that aid is not highly paid  generals. As a matter of fact, if not for our aid, it would be likely  that most members of the Lebanese Armed Forces would not report to  their barracks. They would not have enough money for gasoline. This  essential support was necessitated based on their economic downfall.   We who visited Lebanon, who have seen it, and worked with both our  military and our State Department stand behind the necessity and the  accuracy of this support aid, and we oppose the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, in short, this is overly broad. I repeat,  this is overly broad. As an American of Arab ancestry and a Christian,  it would, in fact, be devastating to the Chaldean community left in  Iraq. It would be devastating to the support we have.   Mr. Chair, representing one of the largest Chaldean districts in the  country, I meet every week with these Iraqi Christians who know that  their families depend on our continued engagement.   Mr. Chair, I oppose the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, we are in a competition right now--it is undeniable--with  a Chinese Communist Party-led country. We have been in that race for  more than 40 years.   Decades ago, we made a decision that engagement would change the  trajectory of China. It was a fair and reasonable attempt, but  throughout those years, as China has gained power, they have only  gained a ruthless disregard for the norms of our planet, including  those that they bid into.   They claim to be a fair trader; they are not. They claimed that they  would not steal technology; they did. As a matter of fact, they have  ruthlessly become the largest spy organization, not just on our  military and defense structures but, in fact, on our industries. It is  legendary the level that they have one-sided done to.   For that reason it is time for us to shift.   Under the last administration, we began shifting. Under this  administration we continue to recognize China as a threat. In those  years since we opened up our relationship, we did a number of things as  a planet, as a world, as countries.   Hong Kong and Macau were voluntarily given back, each based on a  promise to their host nations that they would continue to operate in a  way that was consistent with the democracies that had led them.   In both cases through a slow but steady change, that has been  completely eroded.   An old communist statement that I think bears repeating, is that when  we will be hung, when capitalism will be hung, they will be hung with a  rope that we sold to the communist. It is time to stop selling rope to  China.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, earlier I attempted to quote Vladimir Lenin: The  capitalist will sell the rope with which we hang them. This is exactly  what we have been doing.   There is another truism that came from Einstein: Insanity is doing  the same thing over and over again expecting a different outcome.   If the administration wants to negotiate something new and bring it  to us in a way in which we believe the outcome will be different, let  them do it. We simply cannot continue doing the same thing for decades  with currently tens of thousands of actual hits on our country by the  Chinese Communist Party to steal our technology daily--something that  our administrations have said.   It is no longer one of those instances in which they are stealing  ancient technology or they are trying to catch up. When one of our  Cabinet officers recently visited China, she arrived only to find them  demonstrating 5G technology and 7 nanometer chip technology in order to  show us that they had stolen the technology necessary to be cutting  edge in the cellular world and in chip production.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in closing, every day, this administration tells  us the nature of the kind of technology theft that is going on.   The conclusion of this amendment is simply the result of the very  statements made not by the previous administration but by the current  administration, and this supports the recognition. It is time to make  real change. This amendment does that.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   