 Mr. Speaker, first, I thank the gentleman from  Kentucky for yielding the time.   I rise today in support of the underlying legislation to prevent the  Biden administration from following through on its policy of  appeasement toward the Iranian regime.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle insist that there are  safeguards to ensure that the $6 billion unfrozen in the  administration's agreement with Iran is spent purely on humanitarian  efforts, but I ask my colleagues and this administration: If there is  such an urgent need for access to that money for food and medicine and  other assistance, then why has the Iranian regime invested for decades  billions and billions of dollars into funding Hamas, Hezbollah, and  other terrorist organizations that are intent on murdering Americans,  murdering the Jewish people, and destroying our friend and ally, the  State of Israel?   The administration has lost its mind if they think that it can  appease a fundamentalist regime that routinely  [[Page H5865]]  calls for our annihilation and the annihilation of the Jewish people.   On October 7, we saw pure evil on display as Hamas, bankrolled by  this Iranian regime with funds that could have been spent on food,  medicine, or other humanitarian needs of the Iranian people, murdered,  kidnapped children, raped women, and brutalized the elderly.   The evil we saw on that day was done at the behest of and with the  resources provided by Iran's fundamentalist leaders. I remind you that  there are still 240 hostages in Gaza, including 10 Americans.   Some of my colleagues continue to insist that this $6 billion deposit  to the regime in the form of aid will not be used for malicious  purposes. I think we all know that it will be.   We know that this administration has followed an utterly failed path  of appeasing an evil regime in Iran, and the true cost of this failure  is the violence and chaos brought upon the Israeli people by the  Iranian-funded terrorist group Hamas.   Enabling Iran to fund terror goes against every principle our Nation  has been founded on. It rejects freedom, democracy, and justice, and it  empowers fear, division, and hatred. Appeasing Iran is disgusting and  deeply un-American.   Mr. Speaker, let's stop pretending that we can move forward with the  transfer of resources to a regime that wishes to destroy us and our  allies. Let's stop pretending that we can negotiate with a regime that  wishes genocide on the Jewish people.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the underlying legislation to halt  this administration's reckless policy toward Iran.   