 Madam President, I rise today to express my support for S.  316 and the repealing of the 1991 and 2002 authorization for the use of  military force, or AUMF. I commend Senators Kaine and Young for their  relentless work on this bill, and I am glad to be a cosponsor of it  along with 43 of my colleagues.   I voted against the 2002 AUMF when it was introduced more than 20  years ago. And I can assure you that as we debated that bill at that  time, no one would have believed that 20 years later we would be on the  floor debating its repeal. The war against Saddam Hussein is long over,  and our bilateral relationship with Iraq is fundamentally different  today. In our current fight against violent extremists, the Biden  administration has clearly stated it does not rely on the 2002 AUMF as  the basis for any ongoing military operations.   Let's remember what the 2002 AUMF authorizes. The United States went  to war, ``to defend the national security of the United States against  the continuing threat posed by Iraq.'' The Bush administration alleged,  falsely, that Iraq had amassed an arsenal of nuclear weapons. Bush  administration officials also alleged that the Iraq Government had ties  to the al-Qaida terrorists that attacked the United States on September  11, 2001. These false pretenses and cherry-picked information provided  the basis for Congress to authorize the war in Iraq in 2002--again, an  authorization I opposed.   And this costly war of choice caused the United States irreparable  harm. It caused us to take our eyes off violent extremist groups  throughout the region and resurgent Taliban in Afghanistan. It also  forced us to take our eyes off Russia and China as they became peer  competitors. As we spent billions of dollars investing in tactical  vehicles to protect our troops in a counterinsurgency, as we spent  billions of dollars to try to train Afghan forces, the Russians and the  Chinese invested in hypersonic vehicles, in very sophisticated long- range precision strike weapons. And the Chinese have been building an  entire navy since then. We paid little attention because we were  preoccupied with Iraq.   And finally and ironically, our war in Iraq allowed Iran to become  one of the most powerful and dangerous forces in the region, because we  took out a block against their ambition, which had been Saddam Hussein  and Iraq. As a result, we are paying, today, for those errors in  judgment, and I think it is only fitting that we recognize it and  repeal those AUMFs.    We have ongoing operations to suppress violent extremists. Beginning  on 9/11 and going forward, we have been fighting anyone who has  aspirations to use terror attacks against the U.S. homeland or our  allies. That is as a result of the 2001 AUMF that essentially empowered  our government to find and defeat terrorists, anywhere they are, who  pose a threat to the United States and to our allies. Retaining the  2001 AUMF or an appropriate successor to that statute remains essential  for the Defense Department's current counterterrorism operations, and  Congress must continue to exercise robust oversight over its use.   Further, the Biden administration has drawn a clear distinction  between the two Iraq AUMFs that would be repealed under S. 316 and the  2001 AUMF. The repeal of the two AUMFs would have no impact on our  current operations, and as a domestic legal basis, no ongoing military  activities rely solely on either the 1991 or the 2002 AUMF.   Leaving the 2002 authorization in place sends a harmful signal to  Iraq, where our forces remain at the invitation of the Government of  Iraq. Iraq is a critical partner now in our fight against ISIS and in  our fight against Shia militias that are transiting Iraq and attacking  our forces in Syria. We should not communicate to the Iraqi Government  that the United States reserves the right to use force against its  nation in the future. This is contrary to the cooperation that our  military forces need to counter ISIS operations.   Further, keeping the 2002 AUMF provides a propaganda tool for Iran.  The Iranian Government is constantly seeking to convince the Iraqis  that Tehran, not Washington, is a more reliable partner. We face a real  and growing threat from Iran, but the 2002 AUMF does not authorize the  use of force against Iran, and it must not be relied on for that  purpose now.   Finally, as laid out in the Constitution, Congress has the sole power  to declare war. We must exercise that responsibility with the utmost  care when it comes to matters of the use of military force. Repealing  AUMFs that have served their intended purposes and are no longer  applicable to current military operations is fully consistent with the  careful exercise of the Senate's constitutional responsibilities.   On that basis, I support S. 316 and the repeal of the 2002 and 1991  AUMFs. Again, I commend Senator Kaine for his leadership, and I urge my  colleagues to vote yes on this bill.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   