 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment.   Federal bureaucrats at the Department of Energy are once again  attacking Americans' freedom to choose the appliances that they want in  their homes. They tried to take 50 percent of the gas stoves off the  market. Now, they are coming for your room air-conditioners. My  straightforward amendment would block DOE's overzealous regulation on  room air-conditioner units from taking effect.   Summers in Alabama, as you know, Mr. Chairman, are hot. My  constituents, like millions of Americans, use air-conditioners to fight  this heat. For people who are so concerned about global warming, you  would think they would want to make air-conditioners less expensive,  not more.   I grew up dirt poor, and we couldn't afford an air-conditioner. That  was the case for most of the people we knew where I grew up.   What I am afraid of is that the Biden administration wants us to go  back to those times. This rule fits a pattern of Democratic energy  policies that make life more difficult and more expensive, especially  for low-income and middle-income Americans who will struggle to afford  the up-front costs of more expensive air-conditioning units.   Mr. Chairman, this amendment shows the clear difference in the vision  between House Republicans and the Biden administration and House  Democrats. House Republicans believe in American energy abundance, and  the administration believes in energy restrictions. We believe in  consumer choice, and the administration believes in heavyhanded  government mandates. We believe consumers back home can make their own  decisions, while the administration believes Federal Biden bureaucrats  should decide what Americans can and can't do on a daily basis.   If a consumer wants a more energy-efficient room air-conditioning  unit, they have the freedom to choose one based on what they think is  best, not what the Biden bureaucrats think is best. This rule is  another example of vast government overreach and should be stopped.  [[Page H5139]]    Mr. Chairman, I therefore urge my colleagues to support my amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, this is another example of bureaucratic  overreach. Congress is pretty clear in its lawmaking, and as we are  finding out, as the Supreme Court takes up these issues, we are trying  to restore legislative authority to this House.   In regard to this amendment, again, as I said, it shows the clear  difference between the vision of the House Republicans and the Biden  administration and the House Democrats.   I think what the American public needs is the opportunity to choose  what they need for their homes, and I believe if we continue down this  path with Republican initiatives on energy, we are going to bring down  energy costs, but we will also respect the right of American citizens  to buy whatever they think they need.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``yea'' vote on my amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   