 Mr. Speaker, to my Republican colleagues who introduced  this resolution, I thank you. You honor me with your enmity. You  flatter me with this falsehood.   You, who are the authors of a big lie about the last election, must  condemn the truthtellers, and I stand proudly before you. Your words  tell me that I have been effective in the defense of our democracy, and  I am grateful.   Yet, this false and defamatory resolution comes at a considerable  cost to the country and to the Congress. At a moment when many millions  of people in our home State of California are unable to find a place to  live or afford a place to live, Speaker McCarthy chooses to occupy the  resources of Congress for 2 straight weeks on this hollow sop to the  MAGA crowd. He offers nothing to those who are homeless or addicted to  opioids, or to millions of college students mired in debt, but this  paltry distraction.   Donald Trump is under indictment for actions that jeopardize our  national security, and McCarthy would spend the Nation's time on petty  political payback, thinking he can censure or fine Trump's opposition  into submission.   But I will not yield, not one inch.   The cost of the Speaker's delinquency is high, but the cost to  Congress of this frivolous and yet dangerous resolution may be even  higher, as it represents another serious abuse of power.   Donald Trump has threatened that any of you who defy him and vote  against this partisan resolution will be met by a primary challenge.   He calls for my imprisonment. If a transient majority can punish and  attempt to silence Members who hold a corrupt President to account,  there is no telling what further corruption of office will follow.   I say this to Speaker McCarthy and others who wish to gratify Donald  Trump with this act of subservience or bend to his demands: Try as you  might to expel me from Congress or silence me with a $16 million fine,  you will not succeed. You might as well make it $160 million. You will  never deter me from doing my duty.   No matter how many false justifications or slanders you level against  me, you but indict yourselves. As Liz Cheney said: ``There will come a  day when Donald Trump is gone, but your dishonor will remain.''   This resolution attacks me for initiating an investigation into the  Trump campaign's solicitation and acceptance of Russian help in the  2016 election, even though the investigation was first led not by me  but by a Republican chairman.   It would hold that when you give internal campaign polling data to a  Russian intelligence operative while Russian intelligence is helping  your campaign, as Trump's campaign chairman did, that you must not call  that collusion, though that is its proper name, as the country well  knows.   It would fine me for the costs of the critically important Mueller  investigation into Trump's misconduct, even though the special counsel  was appointed by Trump's own Attorney General.   It would reprimand me over a flawed FISA application, as if I were  its author or I were the Director of the FBI, and over flaws only  discovered years later and by the inspector general, not Mr. Durham.   In short, it would accuse me of omnipotence, the leader of some vast  deep state conspiracy. Of course, it is nonsense.   Here is the real gravamen of my offense: I led the first impeachment  of Donald Trump for one of the most egregious Presidential abuses of  power in our history, and I led a trial which resulted in the first  bipartisan vote to remove a President in history. I would do so again.   I warned that if Trump was not held accountable, he would go on to  try to  [[Page H3016]]  cheat in even worse ways in the next election, and he did, inciting a  violent attack on this very Capitol.    After that, I participated in some of the most important hearings in  congressional history, hearings that exposed Donald Trump's incitement  of a dangerous insurrection to prevent the peaceful transfer of power.   My colleagues, if there is cause for censure in this House, and there  is, it should be directed at those in this body who sought to overturn  a free and fair election.   The question, my Republican colleagues, is not why I am the subject  of this false resolution for doing my constitutional duty, but why are  you not? Why are you not standing beside me, the subject of a similar  rebuke for speaking the truth?   Why did you not stand up to Donald Trump? Why did you not reject his  immortality? Why did you not condemn his dishonesty?   Why did you not speak out when his horde attacked this Capitol or now  when he treats the Nation's secrets with such carelessness,  lawlessness, and disdain? Why did you hide from efforts to hold him  accountable?   Why were you silent, afraid, unwilling to do your ethical,  constitutional duty? Why did you cower? Why did you cower, and why do  you still?   Will it be said of you that you lacked the courage to stand up to the  most immoral, unlawful, and unethical President in history but consoled  yourselves by attacking those who did?   Today, I wear this partisan vote as a badge of honor, knowing that I  have lived my oath, knowing that I have done my duty to hold a  dangerous and out-of-control President accountable, and knowing that I  would do so again in a heartbeat if the circumstances should ever  require it.   