 Madam President, thousands of miles separate Warsaw, IN,  from America's southern border. That distance doesn't mean events on  our southern border don't affect Hoosiers in Warsaw and communities  across our State.   Last month, I met with local law enforcement officials in the Warsaw  area, and they shared some heart-wrenching stories with me. I heard  about police arriving at a family's home. Both parents had overdosed,  and one was unconscious--these terrible experiences right in front of  their kids. They told me about emergency calls, the voice on the other  end crying that a child had gone into cardiac arrest.   In these situations and too many others, they suspected the same  source: fentanyl. The fentanyl entering the United States through our  southern border is hitting this northern Indiana community hard. It is  hitting all of our communities.   The opioid epidemic--and it is that--is the worst drug crisis in  America's history. In the decade between 1999 and 2020, it killed over  564,000 of our country men and women. The number of lives lost is so  great, it brought America's life expectancy down to a 25-year low.   Now, because of fentanyl, this crisis is growing worse. Two  milligrams of this synthetic opioid are enough to kill, and it is  killing more young Americans than cancer, more than car accidents, more  than COVID. There is enough of it reaching our country to kill every  single American many times over. Its point of origin is Mexico, and its  point of entry into America is our southern border--the same border  that 4.9 million illegal immigrants have crossed since President Biden  took office.   His administration argues that because large quantities of fentanyl  have been seized at our official ports of entry, the overdose epidemic  is somehow unrelated to the broken border.  [[Page S891]]  But if we don't know who is crossing our border, how do we know what  they are bringing across it?   The tragedy is not just taking place on our side of that border;  President Biden's lax immigration policies send out a deadly  ``welcome'' sign to migrants in search of opportunity. Drawn to it,  they fall in with or place their children in the hands of merciless  human smugglers. They are packed into and suffocate in trucks. They  attempt a treacherous crossing of the Rio Grande and end up swept away  by its currents.   The bodies of 890 migrants were discovered last year along the  southern border. Police on the American side are diverted from law  enforcement while recovering the bodies. Funeral homes in Mexico don't  have enough refrigerators to store them in.   America is a welcoming country. It is also a country of laws. The two  are not incompatible. And what good is a country without a border? It  has been said many times by many people, but I will say it again: A  nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation. We can secure  our border. We can demand to know who and what is crossing it while  also welcoming those who seek to start better lives in America legally.   Americans in places like Warsaw, IN, are looking at this chaos on our  southern border in anger, and they are looking to us right here in the  U.S. Senate for help. They are asking us to stop the flow of drugs  poisoning our people; to enforce our immigration laws; to build a  border barrier; to reinstate the ``Remain in Mexico'' policy; to do  whatever it takes to end this crisis; to do what the President and too  many in his party will not. Too much time and too many lives have been  lost. So let's not let the American people down. Let's secure the  border.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   