 Madam President, this is a sad day. When we thought we had  a victory for those across the Nation who are awaiting an organ for  transplant, we found that they were thwarted by a system that was  allied against them--a corrupt system, an internal system that worked  to their detriment and not to their well-being.   And we thought, with the passage of this legislation--signed into law  by President Biden--that we were finally giving those waiting for a  transplant something called hope, something that is so important to  them and their family members waiting on a kidney, waiting on a liver.   The only pleasure I take in today's conversation on this Senate floor  is that I am allied with Senator Grassley, the senior Senator from  Iowa, who is one of the most effective Members of this body in our  country's history. He has been an advocate, and we successfully worked  together along with a number of our colleagues--Republicans and  Democrats--to reform this corrupt system. And I join my colleague  Senator Grassley in voicing serious concerns regarding the way the  Health Resources and Services Administration is implementing this piece  of legislation, the legislation called Securing the U.S. Organ  Procurement and Transplantation Network Act.   It was an amazing effort to right a wrong when we started down this  path with this legislation. Nothing was easy. There was no cooperation  from HHS or from OPTN. The only thing they did was try to keep us from  having any success in reforming the sweetheart circumstance in which  they operate.   I remember the day in which the Secretary of Health and Human  Services, in front of our Appropriations Committee, conceded that we  were right and that we had won the battle and he was our ally in fixing  the problem. But now, a few shorts months later, it is evident that  that is not the case when it comes to the implementation of the law.   It is not unclear. Certainly, the organizations that we were trying  to dismantle and replace with better services without a bias-- certainly, they knew what we were about. They know the intent of the  legislation, and we know the letter of the law.   My involvement in OPTN reform stemmed from concerns with the 2018  liver allocation rule HHS developed with guidance from the Nation's  Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network, UNOS, and some New  England-area organ procurement organizations.   The liver allocation rule that they developed led to organs being  taken from areas of high donation rates, like Kansas and other rural  areas, to areas with low donation rates, like densely populated urban  areas. It meant that people across the country were waiting longer for  a transplant. It meant that, in that waiting period, people died; loved  ones were gone. Not only was the liver allocation rule egregious, it  demonstrated a bias of UNOS, which has had a monopoly on the organ  transplant network contract for years.   As more documents were released through court rulings--this issue  went to court--judges ordered UNOS to respond. Those responses  demonstrated, in evidence, incompetence and bias. It became apparent to  Congress and to thousands of Americans whose lives depended upon  receiving an organ someday--an organ transplant--that something was  terribly amiss.   Over the past year, Senator Grassley and I, along with other Senate  colleagues, have worked to make the congressional intent behind this  legislation as clear as possible. No one opposed this legislation, but  even if you disagreed with something, every Senator ought to insist  that Federal Agencies implement the law as it is spoken in the letter  of the law and, if any confusion, to look at the intent of the law.  Every Senator ought to demand that of every piece of legislation and  every Agency or Department.   Our goals were good: to increase the competition for this contract,  to eliminate this good-old-boy network, and to eliminate UNOS's  influence on OPTN. Unfortunately, in roundtables and committee  hearings, both HRSA Administrator Carole Johnson and the HHS Secretary  affirmed their understanding of Congress's intent. That is not the  unfortunate part. It is that they affirmed it but now don't live by it.   They assured us that they shared our goals of increasing competition  for OPTN bids and removing the abundance of conflicts of interest.   As HRSA starts this process of implementing the bill, it has become  clear what they told us must be not what they meant. HRSA has decided  that competition for the broad support contract will be restricted  based upon attack status. That does not ensure fair, robust  competition; it narrows the field and makes it much more likely we have  the same system we had before. It is clearly contrary to Congress's  clear direction.   Additionally, HRSA has named the current UNOS board members as  members of the new ``independent'' board. With these announcements,  HRSA has made it clear they do not intend to follow the law. Instead,  HRSA has decided to remain in lockstep with UNOS, an organization that  is proven--completely proven--to be undeserving of running our Nation's  transplant program.   This isn't just some bureaucracy that is doing something that doesn't  make sense to us. This is an Agency, a bureaucracy, a system, that is  damaging the capability of Kansans and Americans to get lifesaving  treatment with the transplant of an organ.   I expect, I ask, I insist, demand, HRSA to resolve our concerns by  working with us in a timely fashion to implement the bill according to  congressional intent, according to the letter of the law, and ensuring  that UNOS does not maintain its dangerous stronghold over the network.   Congress passed this legislation because we knew that thousands of  lives were at stake--thousands of lives of Americans who were on a  waiting list to receive lifesaving organs.   This law requires a transparent, competitive contract process. But  HRSA must get it right. The American people deserve a fair and  effective organ-transplant process that saves lives and  [[Page S5942]]  best serves patients who are waiting for an organ.   I can't think--again, it saddens me so much to know the number of  people who thanked us, who contacted us to tell us thank you for giving  us hope that we will have an organ to transplant to save the lives of  our mother, our father, our sister, our brother, our grandparents. What  better time of the year than this holiday season--this Christmas  season--in which we ought to restore that great gift called hope to  these people who wait today for a better answer than what we see to  date from our Department of Health and Humans Services.   I, again, thank Senator Grassley for his leadership. I appreciate the  opportunity I have had to work with him side by side. I commend him for  his work that predates me--all for the well-being of people from his  State; Madam President, your State; the people of my State; the people  of America.   Please, please do this in a way that saves lives and gives hope for a  better future for all Americans.   