 Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I notice a little bit more of a  smile on your face today than we have in the past.   Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today at the direction of the  Democratic Caucus to place into nomination for the position of Speaker  of the House of Representatives, the Honorable Hakeem Jeffries from New  York.   Mr. Speaker pro tempore, you may agree with this, but we are back  here 22 days into this Republican-manufactured chaos and House  Republicans have brought us to the exact same position that we were  back then. All of the infighting, all of the disarray just to end up  where we were 3 weeks ago.   These past few weeks, we have been left wondering if Republicans were  truly intent on solving our issues, reopening the House of  Representatives, and rallying around someone to lead this Chamber, or  has this been about something else? Has this been about a focus of  House Republicans to find the person who can pass their extreme litmus  test to oppose marriage equality, enact a nationwide abortion ban  without exceptions, gut Social Security and Medicare, and support  overturning a free and fair election?   It is a fair question. Nowhere in that candidate questionnaire is it  about growing the middle class, helping our communities, keeping the  costs of healthcare lower, and making life for everyday Americans  better.   The gentlewoman from New York said it right: This has been about one  thing. This has been about who can appease Donald Trump. House  Republicans have put their names behind someone who has been called the  most important architect of the electoral college objections.   He spearheaded the legal effort, joined by more than 100 of our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle in support of a dangerous and  baseless lawsuit to overturn the results of the 2020 election.   On the eve of January 6, some of my Republican colleagues even called  this a failed strategy. Yet those same individuals plan to stand right  next to him today.   Mr. Speaker pro tempore, House Democrats believe that when Members of  this body voted to reject the results of the 2020 election, they  forfeited their ability to lead this Chamber.   On this side of the aisle, we know what leadership looks like. Hakeem  Jeffries has never turned his back on the will of the American people.  The son of two social workers, he has always stood by the side of  working families. The most pressing needs of everyday Americans are his  North Star. He believes that everyone in America should have the  opportunity to get ahead and achieve their version of the American  Dream. He believes that access to affordable healthcare is a right,  [[Page H5049]]  not a privilege. He believes that reproductive freedom must be  guaranteed, not stripped away. He believes that working families, not  the wealthy and the well-connected, should be rewarded. He believes in  growing the middle class so that everyone can succeed. He believes that  our schools and our communities should be safe and free from gun  violence. He believes in investing in public schools, not depriving  students of fact-based education by banning books. He believes in  taking care of our seniors and our veterans, not slashing their  benefits. He believes in living up to the promise that America is a  beacon of hope and a land of opportunity. He believes in defending  democracy against all enemies and adversaries, foreign and domestic. He  believes in standing by our allies, Israel and Ukraine. He believes in  keeping our government running and open.   Let me be clear: This is not just a belief system. Leader Jeffries  has the track record to back it up. He is certainly a far contrast from  who Republicans have nominated, with or without their votes, to  nominate today, but if House Republicans choose they can still join us  on a bipartisan path forward.   Let's come together to fund our government, support our allies  abroad, and deliver for working families. Let's open up the people's  House and end the chaos, end the dysfunction, end the extremism.   