 Madam President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the situation at the border and to lend my voice to other Members who  are going to speak about a border that needs to be secured.   About 3 years ago, we had about one-half million illegal crossings.  Two years ago, we had 2 million illegal  [[Page S889]]  crossings. Now, we are hearing that, in another 12 months--or in the  last 12 months--almost 3 million illegal crossings. And it is likely to  be that number or go higher.   We have lost control of the border. Now, when you think, well, what  does it mean? Because that is a great comment for somebody from some  political stripe to make, but what does that really mean?   When you get to that level of illegal crossings, you are inviting  some of the worst crossings that could possibly happen.   Now, let's keep in mind that there are a number of people who are  escaping dangerous situations in their country of origin. There are  people who probably, rightfully, should be in the United States or some  safe third country because they are fleeing a dangerous situation in  their country. Think Nicaragua. Think Ukraine.   But we have reached a point to where we actually have a debate on the  Senate floor about whether or not we need borders at all. Or we have  other people who just say: Build a wall. Frankly, I think they are both  wrong.   I am not here to talk about building a wall that is over 1,000 miles  long, that goes from the Pacific Ocean to the gulf. What I am talking  about is securing the border. If you go down to the border, as I have,  you would understand why. There are simply certain sections that you  need to secure. You need to secure it so Border Patrol, which has  primary responsibility for securing the border and orderly entry, can  have control over the situation. They can't today.   As a matter of fact, if they were all back on the line today and we  haven't put together a viable border security strategy, they still  couldn't do their job. But, now, with the numbers that we have coming  across the border, they are not on the frontline. They are not  interdicting cartels. They are not arresting and detaining what they  call the Sinaloa air force. This is something amazing. We have engaged  the Border Patrol officers in so many things that have nothing to do  with securing the border that the cartel--one of the biggest ones,  Sinaloa--has what the Border Patrol call their air force. They have  literally seen them get in ultralight planes with six or seven people  flying drugs into the United States, dropping the payload, and going  back. They said that that has become a thing. It is not just an  anecdote but another device that the Sinaloa cartel is using.   How could they pay for the ultralights or their air force? They are  making over $800 million a year in human trafficking. You don't cross  the southern border without paying a toll, and that toll is paid to  really a whole global network of people that find someone who wants to  go to the United States. They say: You are from this country of origin,  and this is what it is going to take to get you here.   They even advertise in certain countries that they will get you to  the United States illegally if you pay a toll. That toll could be  $5,000, if you are from a Central American country, to $50,000 or  $60,000 if you are from China. And we have had thousands even from  China at the latest report--and a huge increase.   So the lack of border security, the lack of controlling the border,  is paying the very same cartels that are pumping our Nation full of  poison that we call fentanyl. It is very likely that that air force I  talked about was dropping some sort of an opioid, and even more likely,  statistically--since 80,000 people a year are dying from fentanyl  overdoses--that it was that poison. So we are allowing an unsecured  border to enrich the cartel so they can poison Americans--80,000 a  year. That is not a number that is in dispute.    So we have to secure the border. And I have said it is not a 1,000- mile-long wall. I mean, if you go to the border, as I have several  times, it makes no sense to put a 30-foot wall on top of a 500-foot  cliff. Right? If they have made it that 500 feet, they are probably  going to make it the additional 30. But maybe--maybe--you need  technology there to know that people are going through that path. It is  highly unlikely.   But there are other areas, and the last visit to Arizona was to an  area called the Yuma Sector. It is in the western part of Arizona,  headed to California. There is a gate there. It is only about 12 feet  wide--a little bit less wide than the dais down there--that 3 years ago  had 8,000 illegal crossings. Two years ago, it had 200,000 illegal  crossings through a gate like that--not through a big, wide expanse of  7 miles that is near that gate, but through a gate like that. Last  year, there were 300,000 crossings.   Thousands of people from Russia, thousands of people from China, and  from a number of other countries are paying a toll to be delivered  across the border. Many of them fly into Mexico City, get a transfer  flight down to Mexicali, take a cab down to the border, and come across  the border as long as they pay the cartel a toll.   We have lost control of the border. We have Border Patrol law  enforcement officers who are in the babysitting and bus business right  now. We have less than half of the people who are sworn to protect our  southern border doing jobs that have nothing to do with what they swore  an oath for.   We are turning a blind eye to the death and the destruction that is  happening here in the United States and to all the people who are  paying a toll and making the dangerous trek here to begin with.   So, Madam President, you can't fix a problem until you know you have  it, and our colleagues here in the Senate need to recognize that the  border is a problem. And people like me--I don't come out here and do a  fire-and-brimstone speech on ``I am a Republican and they are a  Democrat; we are good, they are bad.''   I have worked on several bipartisan bills, if people can agree with  the nature of the problem and solve it. And this is a problem that is  having deadly consequences. And this administration--President Biden-- has rolled back policies in his 2 years here that are making the  problem worse. It is solvable, but the Members of the Senate need to  recognize that we have a problem, and the Members of the Senate, on a  bipartisan basis, need to come up with a solution.   I yield the floor.   