 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 300, the  Settlement Agreement Information Database Act.   The principle of open government is a hallmark of our system of  governing, dating as far back as the Enlightenment.   The open government doctrine maintains that citizens have a right to  access the Federal Government's records and operations to facilitate  oversight of the public business.   Open government principles are key to fulfilling the promise of a  nation ruled by the consent of the governed.   Open government requires transparency and public participation, which  are vital to ensure the public's continued trust in our government.   Increasingly, however, Federal agencies have entered into legally  binding settlement agreements to resolve litigation without going  through lengthy public trials that often provide the transparency.   Unfortunately, agencies generally release limited information about  these settlements. When information is published, it is usually in the  form of a press release focused more on self-promoting than informing.   Furthermore, Federal agencies can unilaterally deem the terms of a  settlement agreement confidential with no explanation.   Such secret negotiations and agreements prevent the public from  participating in important policy decisions made on their behalf.   As a result, it is impossible for Congress and the public to  determine the comprehensive impact of these settlement agreements on  State and local governments, private sector entities, and taxpayers.   These parties are often barred from providing input but must continue  to follow the mandated requirements which often remain in effect for  decades.   Today, I am pleased to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  as we take this first step to correct this problem.   The Settlement Agreement Information Database Act, or the SAID Act,  will increase the transparency of the Federal Government and shine a  much-needed light on settlement agreements.   The bill requires Federal agencies to submit information regarding  settlement agreements to a public, electronic database.   This public resource, to be overseen by the Office of Management and  Budget, would include dates, payments, attorney's fees awards, and a  list of States, municipalities, and other entities impacted by these  settlements.   Under the requirements of the SAID Act, if the agency believes that  the information regarding an agreement should remain confidential, the  agency head must publish an explanation of why it is confidential.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for supporting this bipartisan  legislation. They include Chairman Comer, Ranking Member Raskin,  Representatives Ami Bera, Scott Peters,   Andy Barr, and French Hill.   I especially thank my colleague across the aisle, Representative  Gerry Connolly, for his leadership in introducing this bill jointly  with me.   In a time when Americans feel divided, it is important to come  together to support commonsense, good government legislation.   I am happy we could, once again, expedite its consideration in the  House, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support  this commonsense legislation.   