 Mr. President, I, too, also oppose this motion for the  reasons that Senator Risch outlined.   Our presence there are not troops in hostility. To the contrary. We  have been asked. Our African partners have asked for our support, and  our European allies are looking for us to stand firm.   This is a situation where our troops are welcomed in order to prevent  the terrorist activities that are taking place in that part of Africa.   We had a committee hearing on the Sahel this week. You saw the  circumstances in this part of Africa. It is dangerous there. The U.S.  presence is helping save lives and to contain terrorism. Our partners  in Africa want us there to deal with that threat. Now is not the time  to signal that we are abandoning them. This is not the time to draw  down our military presence in Niger, which could directly impact their  security.   Now is not the time for the United States to send a message that we  cannot be relied upon. Think about what this says to our partners if we  were to pull out. Think about what it says to our enemies. Russia  already has a foothold in Africa, including right next door in Mali.  Their presence has been absolutely devastating for the people of the  countries where it operates.   Russia's affiliated forces have committed horrific human rights  atrocities. Just in Mali, the Wagner mercenaries and multiple armed  forces are believed to have massacred 500 people in March of 2022. That  is why our presence is so valuable and so important to that region. We  do not give enough attention to that part of the world. We certainly  don't want to signal that we are abandoning that part of the world. If  we do that, we leave a vacuum. If we leave a vacuum, Russia will fill  it; the Wagner mercenaries will fill it.   I urge my colleagues to defeat the motion.    Mr. President, I just want to correct the record. It is  correct that they asked the French to leave, but they want America's  presence there. They have not asked America and its troops to leave.  That is why it is not hostilities. We are there at their invitation,  not as a hostile force.    Mr. President, I would ask unanimous consent that there  be 2 minutes of debate, equally divided, prior to each rollcall vote  during the consideration of H.R. 4366.    Mr. President, I would ask consent that the vote  scheduled for 11:30 begin immediately.   