 Mr. President, I served beside Senator Feinstein on  the Judiciary Committee my entire time here, and I worked closely with  her on the Intelligence Committee during the time we overlapped there.   I am honored to join my colleagues in participating in this  remembrance to her. It has been said, I think, over and over again, of  her elegance, as Senator Collins said; of how put together she was, as  Senator Murkowski said; of how gracious she was, as pretty much  everyone has said. Her preparedness was another standout virtue in this  body.   I have heard her say ``I am going home to read tonight.'' Serving  with her on those committees, I saw over and over again the amount of  work that she put herself and her staff through to make sure that she  was well-prepared. I never saw a Member of this body better prepared  than Senator Feinstein.   But the characteristic that I most associate with her is bravery-- whether it was the bravery of throwing herself into California politics  as a young woman at a time when not many women were doing that or the  way she bravely handled the murders at city hall and her response to  that or whether she was willing to come here, when women were few, and  break glass ceiling after glass ceiling after glass ceiling.   But the place where I saw her bravery most was when we worked  together on the Senate Intelligence Committee torture report. I was  kind of Robin to her Batman in that effort. And I still remember her,  right about where Senator Murray now is, delivering her legendary  speech that blew the cover off the CRA torture report. To get there,  she had to get through massive counterattacks from the CIA on her and  on our Intelligence Committee staff. She had to oppose the Bush  administration that was pushing back against her from the very highest  levels.   And when the administration changed, she had to show the same bravery  and the same resistance against pretty much equal pressure from the  Obama administration to shut up and go away. Well, shut up and go away  were not things that Senator Feinstein was willing to hear, and the  moment that she spent on the Senate floor delivering that report was  one of the moments that I am proudest of in the time that I have been  here at the Senate.   Let me close by talking about her last weeks here because I think you  have to see those last weeks here in the context of her preparation,  her determined effort to be as perfect as she could be, and her bravery  because it was not easy for her to come and do the work that she did in  those last weeks.   But she knew that we needed her. She knew that despite how difficult  it was, despite the difficulty she would have in meeting her own  standards of perfection, it would have been easy just to go, but she  knew that we needed her. We would have lost our majority in the  Judiciary Committee without her, and I view her last months and weeks  in this body as the last episode of her long career of bravery.   I yield the floor.   