 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, again, I thank the chairman for his help  and his support. I thank the Congressman, Dr.   Andy Harris, for  traveling the great distance to New Jersey to be at the hearing that we  had in the field. I thank Congressman Chris Smith for his support and  traveling, as well, and I thank Congressman Scott Perry. They were all  there.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment and to clear up  the misconceptions that continue to float around amongst the mainstream  media, this administration, and pro-wind advocacy groups, and highlight  what is nothing less than an existential threat to our coastlines and  the millions of people and communities who rely upon them.   Proponents of offshore wind claim that it is a necessary step in  order to transition the United States to clean energy. Yet, oddly  enough, BOEM's own environmental impact statement admits that offshore  wind will have no impact of any substance on combating climate change  and will, in fact, increase greenhouse gas emissions.   Proponents say that it will stimulate economic activity and create  thousands of U.S. jobs. Yet, offshore wind turbines are being  constructed in Europe and China and not in the United States, and  offshore wind companies are attempting to circumvent the Jones Act so  they can use cheaper foreign vessels and cheaper crews.   Plus, BOEM has admitted that commercial fisheries will have to--this  is important--completely abandon their fishing grounds as a result of  offshore wind. Destroying one job to create another is not job  creation.   Let's talk about the offshore wind companies themselves.   Orsted, which is building offshore wind farms off of New Jersey's  coast, is based in Denmark and used to go by the name Danish Oil and  Natural Gas.   Equinor, which is building offshore wind farms off of New York, is  based in Norway and is a self-described petroleum refining company.   British Petroleum, BP, which is building offshore wind farms off of  New York and Massachusetts, is based in England.   Avangrid, which is building offshore wind farms off Connecticut, has  its parent company based in Spain.   These are foreign-owned companies that have bought millions--not  thousands, I am not exaggerating here--millions of acres of our ocean,  our American ocean, in the Atlantic and intend to expand into the Gulf,  Pacific Ocean, and our Great Lakes, as well.   Every great body of water this country is blessed with will now be at  the mercy of foreign-owned energy companies, thanks to the Biden  administration.   More than 50 percent of our energy, if this plan were to go to  fruition, would come from foreign countries. We would rely upon them,  and they would not be under our control. That is shameful.   They say that the surveying and construction of these offshore wind  farms are not resulting in marine mammal deaths. Well, Mr. Chairman, I  have lived there, and I see it.   That begs the question: Why is BOEM offering incidental take  authorizations to these companies? For those who don't know what that  means, for those who don't understand it, it is the accidental harming  or killing of marine species. It is not just whales. It is dolphins and  others.   Wind companies need these ITAs because these industrial wind grids  are leased right on top of the foraging grounds and the migration  routes for the critically endangered North Atlantic right whale. NOAA's  own scientists have sounded the alarms on how these projects will  affect right whales not just now but for many decades to come.   I beg to differ. I beg to differ with the proponents who claim that  offshore wind will boost our ecotourism along the coast. Would you  choose to go to a shore that consisted of thousands of industrialized  wind turbines that rise to nearly 1,000 feet tall?   Realize, Mr. Chairman, there is no casino in Atlantic City that is  this tall.   Orsted themselves conducted a survey in my home county, Cape May,  which is a tourist county, on whether tourists would return after these  wind grids are built. Fifteen percent said they wouldn't even think  about returning, and Orsted considered this a good thing. Perhaps they  forgot to look into what exactly a 15 percent reduction in tourism  would do. It would be a loss of $1 billion.   Mr. Chairman, I could talk about defense and standing up for my  constituents. Please vote for this bill.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   