 Mr. President, today, the Senate will vote to confirm  Monica Ramirez Almadani to the U.S. District Court for the Central  District of California.   Born in La Mirada, CA, Ms. Ramirez Almadani received her A.B. from  Harvard University in 2001 and her J.D. from Stanford Law School in  2004. She then clerked for Judge Warren J. Ferguson on the United  States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit from 2004 to 2005. Ms.  Ramirez Almadani began her legal career in 2005 at the ACLU's  Immigrants' Rights Project, practicing immigration and civil rights  litigation for 4 years, including successfully arguing before the Ninth  Circuit. She then served the Justice Department for 6 years in a  variety of roles, including counsel to the Assistant Attorney General  for the Civil Rights Division, deputy chief of staff to the Deputy  Attorney General, and assistant U.S. attorney--AUSA--in the U.S.  attorney's office for the Central District of California. As an AUSA,  she prosecuted child pornography, human trafficking, narcotics,  immigration fraud, public corruption, and other serious crimes.   In 2015, then-California Attorney General Kamala Harris appointed Ms.  Ramirez Almadani Special Assistant Attorney General to oversee the  California Justice Department's Criminal Division and the Division of  Recidivism Reduction and Reentry. Then, in 2017, she joined a large law  firm as special counsel, focusing on white collar criminal defense,  internal investigations, and complex commercial litigation, in addition  to pro bono immigration work. She then became codirector of the  University of California, Irvine School of Law's Immigrant Rights  Clinic from 2019 to 2021. She currently serves as the president and CEO  of Public Counsel, the largest public interest law firm in the country.   The American Bar Association rated Ms. Ramirez Almadani ``well  qualified'' to serve on the Central District of California. The late  Senator Feinstein strongly supported her nomination, as does Senator  Padilla.   I will be supporting this outstanding nominee, and I urge all of my  colleagues to do the same.    Mr. President, today, the Senate will vote on the  nomination of Ms. Brandy McMillion, who has been nominated to the U.S.  District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.   Born in Dayton, OH, Ms. McMillion received both her bachelor's and  master's degrees in engineering from the University of Michigan and her  law degree from George Washington University Law School. She then began  her career as an associate, working for Pepper Hamilton LLP, Perkins  Coie LLP, and Bryan Cave LLP, where she gained experience in labor and  employment matters, intellectual property claims, and corporate  financial services transactions.   Following her 9 years in private practice, Ms. McMillion joined the  U.S. attorney's office for the Eastern District of Michigan in 2015,  where she has served in a variety of roles, most recently as the chief  of the general crimes unit. In that position, she is responsible for  prosecuting firearms offenses, carjackings, and drug trafficking  offenses in addition to supervising and training AUSAs and support  staff. The American Bar Association rated Ms. McMillion as unanimously  ``well qualified,'' and she enjoys the strong support of Senators  Stabenow and Peters.   Taken together, Ms. McMillion's courtroom experience, management  credentials, and knowledge of the district to which she is nominated  make her an excellent addition to the Federal bench. I urge my  colleagues to support her nomination.    I announce that the Senator from New Hampshire Mrs.  Shaheen is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr.  Heinrich) is necessarily absent.   