 Thank you, Senator Cardin. Thank you for your leadership  in bringing our delegation to COP28. And what a delegation with you as  the chairman of Senate Foreign Relations; Senator Carper, the chairman  of Environment and Public Works; and Senator Whitehouse, a historic  leader on these issues--and even sitting out here on the floor right  now, Senator Wyden, who was so instrumental in ensuring that the IRA  passed and that it had the incentives to unleash a clean energy  revolution that had been long overdue in terms of having a response. So  we thank you.   And we thank the young people--the pages--who are here today because  they are the true leaders of this movement.   Coming off the heels of this year's climate talks, it was clear that  COP28--the international climate conference--was an opportunity to lift  our gaze, to lift the planet's gaze to the constellation of  possibilities for our ability to be able to respond to this crisis that  is affecting our planet and to readjust the gravitational force of  fossil-fueled interests that pull our countries away from climate  action.   I have been to many international climate conferences over the years.  I know how much it matters to give countries a space to convene, to  give advocates a chance to hold governments accountable, and to give  the public a direction for a livable future. COPs give us a chance to  organize and not just agonize about the climate crisis.   I was encouraged to see the final COP28 deal include a call to  transition away from fossil fuels, as well as an agreement on the fund  for losses and damages due to climate change.   We have never had such a strong signal that it is time to close the  chapter on the heyday of fossil fuels. But the science is clear: Weak  agreement language will not keep our planet strong. We can't just agree  to consider lifesaving actions; we must commit to those lifesaving  actions.   COP28 came to a loophole-filled end, less an embrace of a fossil-free  future and more a step in the right direction when we needed to be  sprinting toward a fossil-fuel phaseout on the planet.   The climate crisis disproportionately impacts people who are least  responsible, most affected, and, most often, left behind: poor,  marginalized, and indigenous communities.   We can't build walls around the climate crisis so we have to build  bridges. To be a leader, the United States must commit to phasing out  fossil fuels and to putting our money where our mouth is. We have done  it at home with the Inflation Reduction Act, which is already  unleashing commitments of nearly $300 billion in private funding for  clean energy in just the first year since it passed. And it has the  potential of ultimately unleashing trillions of dollars of private  sector investment over the next decade. And I think it will do that.   But now we need to do it internationally as well. We have to provide  direct finance for clean energy and climate resilience. We must push  the World Bank and we must push the International Monetary Fund to do  more and to do better, and we must stop subsidizing, financing, and  approving new fossil fuel plants around the world.    We cannot preach temperance from a barstool. And the United States  right now is drunk on oil and natural gas production and exports from  our country around the world. Plus, we continue to foot the bill for  other countries' fossil-fueled binges.   In the face of these challenges, the answer is not to reverse course  on our climate and clean energy commitments. It is to double down. It  is to do more. It is to respond to this moral challenge to our country  and to our planet, to the challenge which young people are given, to  this body, and to the world to respond to a crisis that was not dealt  with by preceding generations.   Trying to solve climate change without a phaseout of fossil fuels is  like trying to end lung cancer without getting off cigarettes. Our  prescription here is clear: Phase out fossil fuels and build clean  economies here at home and abroad at the same time.   And I look forward to continuing to partner with my colleagues in  Congress, members of Parliament around the world pushing for a fossil- free future, environmental and climate justice organizations led by  young people, and all those who are working for a global Green New  Deal. Young people are leading us, and we must respond to them.   They are right and the fossil fuel industry is wrong on every one of  these issues, and we have to continue to respond to this challenge  politically. We have taken important steps, and the Senators who are  here today led that effort but without a single Republican vote. We  cannot sprint toward the solutions if we do not have more support from  the Republican Party. We will not have credibility with the rest of the  world if we continue to build LNG export facilities to send natural gas  around the world, to addict countries to natural gas while we should be  helping them to deploy wind, solar, all-electric vehicles, battery  storage technologies, and other clean energy technologies.   That is what we should be doing. We have to end this era where we are  about to try to build dozens of LNG--liquefied natural gas--plants to  addict the rest of the world.   Fossil fuel climate change is a threat to each and every one of us.  So each and every one of us has a role to play in heeding the COP's  call to action.   I thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank you for your leadership. Thank you  for convening us here today.   