 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk as the  designee of Ms. Malliotakis.    Mr. Chair, today is September 27, 2023, and because  of the dereliction of duty of Secretary Mayorkas and the Biden  administration, this Nation is under siege. We have record numbers of  migrants coming into this country, estimated at 10,000 a day that we  know of and an unknown amount of got-aways.   In places like New York City, where people like Mayor Eric Adams and  Governor Kathy Hochul have celebrated sanctuary cities, we now see, in  fact, that they had no plans to be a sanctuary. They just wanted to  pander.   In places like New York City, we have migrants who are coming into  the United States of America through our points of entry. They are  coming to the United States of America for a better way of life. They  are leaving their homes, their families, risking their lives to cross  this border. Instead of being given that sanctuary, they are in old  hotels and empty warehouses at airports.   This amendment today will ensure that no funds made available by this  act may be used by the Department of Defense to provide assistance to  the Department of Homeland Security to house migrants or illegal  immigrants or illegal aliens on military installations located in the  United States of America.   Back in May, Governor Hochul sent a letter to President Biden, and  cc'd members of the New York delegation, asking that he allow military  installations to be utilized for housing migrants.   Just recently, we have seen that there is a deal in place for  migrants to not only be housed but buildings to be erected at Floyd  Bennett Field, a military installation in Brooklyn, New York. Not only  is it a military installation, but like many others throughout this  country, Floyd Bennett Field plays host to my brothers and sisters from  the New York City Police Department, housing our aviation team, our  scuba team, special operations, and more.   This simply says no funds will be utilized, given to the Department  of Homeland Security, to house migrants and illegal aliens on military  installations.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert).    Mr. Chair, I am glad to see that we are all looking  for solutions to the failed policies of Joe Biden.   What we are focused on today is the fact that military installations,  our national parks, like Floyd Bennett Field, where military operations  actually take place, are critical to defense. They are not equipped to  house migrants. That is what we are focused on today, that there are no  plans in place and that these plans, the ones that they are rushing to,  are not the ones that we support.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   