 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I heard a  very similar speech last week when Senator Paul came to the floor to  offer this exact same resolution, and I came to the floor to offer the  exact same objection. I guess we are going to be here next week and the  week after having this same back-and-forth on the Senate floor.   I don't know that this is the most important problem facing the  country today, the question of whether a small number of Senate pages  has a vaccine or not. I think Senator Paul's obsession with the page  vaccine policy is a little weird and not squared with the actual  priorities of the American public. But I will continue to come down  here and object because it is important to know that there is no legal  mandate that pages be vaccinated. It is a policy, not a mandate.  Senator Paul is proposing a mandate--a mandate--through this resolution  that under no circumstances can pages be required to have a vaccination  as a condition of their employment here.   I find Senator Paul's recitation of his body of evidence interesting.  I don't dispute the fact that the vaccine today is much more  efficacious on preventing serious illness and is not, like prior  vaccines, effective at preventing transmission. But here are two things  to say about that. Senator Paul says over and over again that if you  are a healthy kid, you have nothing to worry about, that no healthy  kids are dying. OK, that is broadly true. It is true that healthy  children have very little risk of dying of COVID. But the assumption,  then, is that every single page that is part of this program has no  preexisting conditions, that every single page comes here with a clean  bill of health. That is not true.    There are pages here--just like our employees--who have preexisting  conditions, and we have a responsibility for the young people who work  for us. We have a long history in this country of requiring  vaccinations for young people. Senator Paul objects to that policy, but  it is long accepted that young people, during their school-age years,  should have a set of vaccinations to keep them healthy. And if you have  a preexisting condition, even as a child, you have a potential of dying  from COVID.   Guess what. COVID is the eighth leading cause of death for young  people today. That is not insignificant. And so it is perfectly  consistent with the general policy we have in this country of requiring  students to get vaccines to require the same of the page population-- who, by the way, are students.   The second thing to say about this resolution is this: Even if  Senator Paul is correct--and I broadly would submit that he is--that  this vaccine is really about preventing serious illness, not about  preventing transmission, this resolution is permanent. This says that  under no circumstances should a Senate page be required to have a  vaccination.   But what if a follow-on vaccine is more effective at preventing  transmission? What if the next COVID variant is a more significant  threat to children?   This is a mandate. This says: No matter what the scientific  recommendations are, under no circumstances--under no circumstances, no  matter what the scientific recommendation is--can you mandate, can you  require that a Senate page, as a condition of working in the Senate,  have a vaccination.   That is bad policy. I would rather have this question be up to the  Attending Physician, to the adults who run the Page Program, than have  mandates from the U.S. Senate about the healthcare policy of our pages.   I think this is really bad policy, but I also think it is super  dangerous because, really, the question of whether a handful of pages  in the Senate have a vaccine is not worthy of a half an hour of back  and forth between two U.S. Senators. What this ends up being is yet  another wedge to try to drive apart the American public from a belief  in science and vaccines.   This is a longstanding effort by Senator Paul and others to question  the efficacy of vaccines. It feeds into a broader narrative about the  efficacy of science writ large, and that has devastating consequences  for this country because, as people lose faith in medical  recommendations, as fewer people get vaccines because they come under  the belief that the vaccine will do more harm than good, people die.   And so, by itself, this is bad policy, because this is part of a  broad consensus in this country that students should get vaccinated for  significant conditions, and this policy stands no matter what the  future recommendations of medical professionals are.   But I object to it just as strongly because of how it fits into this  broader, incredibly dangerous narrative to try to undermine people's  faith in science and vaccines. And for that reason, I would object.   