 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this evening, President Biden will deliver  his second State of the Union Address.   Presidents, of course, typically use the speech as an opportunity to  claim credit for all the ways Americans' lives have improved under  their leadership. Former Presidents have touted everything from  economic growth to progress battling the opioid epidemic.   In this case, President Biden hasn't given his speech writers much  material to work with. Families in Texas and across the country are  still being battered by inflation. I know there are hopes for inflation  to abate, but yet the Federal Reserve has shown no indication that they  will fail to increase the discount rate--in other words, interest  rate--meaning that, more and more, they are concerned still about the  impact of inflation.   Inflation, as we have seen, means that people's standard of living is  decreased because their earned income does not go as far as it used to,  and we know high prices have wiped out wage gains, giving most workers  a pay cut.   We also know that public safety remains a matter of serious public  concern, and starting from the impact of the ``defund the police''  movement to now the difficulty law enforcement has actually recruiting  and retaining an adequate number of officers, we know crime continues  to be a matter of widespread public concern.   Then there are the failed policies at the border, which have led to a  humanitarian and public health crisis.   The humanitarian part is evidenced, obviously, by the millions of  people who show up at the border with every expectation they will be  admitted to the United States.   The public health crisis comes from the 108,000 Americans who died  from drug overdoses, where those drugs almost exclusively transited the  U.S.-Mexican border into the United States. We know the chaos of mass  migration has helped make the drug runners' job easier, and we know of  the devastating impact it is having across the country.   I don't know how much of this the President will actually talk about,  whether it is inflation, whether it is crime, or whether it is the  border, but these are the kitchen-table issues most American families  care deeply about--the cost of groceries, the ability to put gas in  your tank, and living in a safe neighborhood and raising your family.   I don't know whether the President will dwell on any of those topics  at all, but just to recapitulate, inflation now is the highest it has  been in 40 years. We know that many cities have broken their alltime  homicide records, and we are still in the midst of a completely  unprecedented crisis on the southern border.   We have seen some pretty big missteps on the world stage too. For  example, the Biden administration led a deadly and disastrous  withdrawal from Afghanistan that resulted in the loss of 13  servicemembers and countless Americans stranded in Taliban territory.   The administration continues to try to revive the failed Iran nuclear  deal and to give Tehran even more resources to pursue its nuclear  ambitions.   Just last week, the administration hit an embarrassing new low when  the People's Republic of China flew a surveillance balloon across the  United States, spying on the U.S. military and on all civilians. It  took 7 days before the administration finally gave the green light to  shoot it down off the coast of South Carolina. To be specific, it  wasn't just the administration; it was the President of the United  States who gave that instruction 7 days after it began its transit  across U.S. territory.   During his first 2 years in office, President Biden had a pretty big  advantage: His party held the majority in both Houses of Congress. He  had the golden opportunity to enact his agenda and address the biggest  problems facing American families. Unfortunately, there wasn't a lot of  overlap between the Biden agenda and the American agenda.   While people were struggling to keep up with high gas prices, the  administration waged war on American energy. While parents questioned  what was being taught in their kids' classrooms, the administration  threatened to unleash the FBI on concerned parents who spoke out at the  school board meetings. While inflation raged, Democrats poured even  more fuel on the fire by spending an additional $2\1/2\-plus trillion  on purely partisan spending bills; namely, the American Recovery Act  and the so-called Inflation Reduction Act--all passed without a single  Republican vote but which added easily $2.5 trillion to our national  debt. So it doesn't come as a surprise, I guess, that voters decided to  change the direction of the country in the last election by electing a  Republican majority in the House.   Tonight, for the first time, President Biden will deliver his State  of the Union Address before a divided Congress--a Democrat-controlled  Senate, a Republican-controlled House, and a President who ran on the  promise of governing from the middle and bringing us together but who  hasn't shown a willingness to do that so far.   I think we are all eager to know how President Biden will broach all  of these topics this evening. Will he simply try to gloss over his  claimed successes and ignore his failures? Will he try to blame  Republicans for the current state of our country even though Democrats  controlled all the levers of government for the last 2 years? Or will  he finally acknowledge the many problems that proliferated under his  leadership and get serious about solutions?   One of the most critical areas where we need to see real leadership  is the current border crisis, which has been raging since President  Biden took office 2 years ago. Day after day, month after month,  migrants have crossed our border in unprecedented numbers. Over the  years, we have seen plenty of migration surges but nothing like this.    Last fiscal year, U.S. Customs and Border Protection logged nearly  2.4  [[Page S250]]  million border crossings, shattering the previous record. In December,  Customs and Border Protection encountered more than a quarter of a  million migrants at the southern border--a quarter of a million people  in a single month, which is a new record.   The President has not offered a single serious plan to address this  crisis. Secretary Mayorkas keeps saying: Well, this is something  Congress needs to weigh in on. But they have engaged in zero outreach  or any visible indication that they actually do want a congressionally  passed solution to this problem, one that the President would have to  sign into law.   The only policy changes that the President has offered will do  nothing to stop people from coming because they just parole them  faster. In other words, they show up at the border, and they are given  a piece of paper and told: Go to the closest Immigration and Customs  Enforcement office in wherever it is you are locating in the interior  of the United States--with no followup and no real assurance that they  will actually go to an ICE office and ultimately end up in front of an  immigration judge.   We know that is part of the game, too, because if the human smugglers  flood the zone with people, they can overwhelm the capacity of our  immigration court system to actually deal with these asylum cases.  Those who ultimately end up before an immigration judge are only  successful in roughly 10 to 15 percent of the cases, but if you flood  the zone with enough people, you can overwhelm the capacity of the  court system, and you can basically succeed in living permanently in  the United States even though you have not complied with our  immigration laws to do so.   We know that for 2 years, the men and women on the frontline of the  border have been pleading with the administration to do something. Law  enforcement are understaffed and overwhelmed by the workload they are  expected to shoulder.   Nonprofit organizations and local governments are trying to mitigate  the humanitarian crisis that has landed on their doorstep, and  legitimate trade and travel have taken a big hit. Mexico was our single  largest trading partner. Yet legitimate trade and travel are hampered  by this flood of humanity coming across the border as well.   So I hope the President will be candid with the American people  tonight and acknowledge not only what he views as his successes but  where more work needs to be done. Now that he no longer enjoys a  majority in the House and the Senate but now has a divided Congress, I  hope he is candid enough to acknowledge that the only way we are going  to be able to solve some of these problems is to finally work together  to do so.   We know that what the President shouldn't say is that he will somehow  use his Executive powers to create new categories of immigrants or  microscopic pilot programs. It needs to center on the basic idea of  enforcing our immigration laws and reforming our asylum system. That is  the only way to restore order and get this crisis under control.   Legal immigration has, to my mind, been one of the greatest successes  America has to show to the rest of the world--legal immigration,  orderly, humane, and legal--but what we are seeing now is the  antithesis of orderly, humane, or legal. It is just the opposite.   We know our country is facing a diverse set of challenges in our  homes, schools, workplaces, and along the border, and on the world  stage, democracy itself continues to be under attack by hostile  autocrats and dictators. The American people deserve to hear the  President explain his plan to address each of these looming challenges,  and I hope he does so tonight.   Once the State of the Union concludes, Arkansas Governor Sarah  Huckabee Sanders will deliver the Republican address. She is a champion  for workers and families who have been left behind. I look forward to  hearing her response to President Biden's speech, and I expect to see a  stark contrast between the cloistered unrealities of the Biden  administration and the reality that American families are facing.   I yield the floor.   