 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  gentlewoman from Virginia, the Honorable Jennifer L. McClellan, be  permitted to take the oath of office today.   Her certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest  and no question has been raised with regard to her election.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the dean of the  Virginia congressional delegation, who you see in the well, to  introduce and welcome to Congress the newest Representative from the  Commonwealth of Virginia, Jennifer McClellan.   Representative McClellan was born in Petersburg, Virginia, and is the  daughter of educators at Virginia State University, an HBCU in  Virginia's Fourth Congressional District, which she now represents. She  is a graduate of the University of Richmond and received her law degree  from the University of Virginia.   A dedicated public servant, Representative McClellan has represented  the Richmond area in the House of Delegates and the Senate of Virginia  for the last 17 years. Through her time in the Virginia General  Assembly, she has been a committed and principled legislator working to  expand access to voting rights, reproductive rights, and environmental  protections in the Commonwealth of Virginia. She has successfully  sponsored more than 350 pieces of legislation during her tenure in the  Virginia General Assembly.   She lives in Richmond with her husband, David Mills, and their two  children, Jackson and Samantha. With her victory in last month's  special election, she made history as the first Black woman ever  elected to Congress from Virginia.   I know she will continue making history with her steadfast commitment  to the Fourth Congressional District, fighting for their voices to be  heard in this Chamber, and I know she will also carry on the legacy of  her predecessor, our dear late friend, the Congressman from the Fourth  District, Donald McEachin.   Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to now yield to the gentlewoman from  Virginia (Mrs. McClellan).   