 Madam President, I want to thank our friend Senator  Capito for bringing us together to discuss national security and the  many challenges that we see on the horizon. When we think about  national security, we often picture the brave men and women in our  uniformed military who have made immeasurable sacrifices to protect our  freedom. We envision the ships, the tanks, the aircraft, and the  weapons that they use to keep us safe. We think about the greatest  threats to our country, including countries like Russia and China.   But today I want to talk about a lesser known but no less important  aspect of our national security apparatus, which is section 702 of the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, FISA, as it is sometimes called.  In short, section 702 allows the intelligence community and the  Department of Justice to obtain intelligence on foreigners located  outside of the United States.   As we know, different rules apply here in the United States and  particularly insofar as it involves U.S. persons and U.S. citizens. All  of the protections of our criminal justice system, including the  requirement of a warrant and a showing of probable cause for a search  and that sort of thing, that applies to American citizens and U.S.  persons on American soil, but overseas, when it involves foreigners,  this is an important tool, section 702.   Congress enacted section 702 in 2008 in response to threats posed by  terrorist groups in the wake of 9-11. It tore down some of the walls  between the criminal justice system and our intelligence community and  made sure that we could share--legally share--information that could be  used to keep America safe. There is no question that it has been a  success.   When talking about section 702, the FBI Director, Chris Wray, said  several years ago, ``The fact that we have not sustained another 9/11- scale attack is not just luck.''   He noted that it is a product of diligence, teamwork, information  sharing, and connecting the dots, and much of that dot-connecting  occurs and is made possible by section 702. This authority has been  vital to detecting potential terrorist attacks; but, also, it is  important for applications that reach far beyond America's  counterterrorism missions.    Section 702 has helped the United States understand and combat drug  trafficking, including the scourge of fentanyl, which is affecting so  many people in this country as I speak.   Section 702 has helped us to identify multiple foreign ransomware  attacks on our critical infrastructure--for example, the attack on the  Colonial Pipeline that shut down gasoline deliveries on the east coast  for days on end.   It helped prevent components of weapons of mass destruction from  reaching foreign adversaries.   Section 702 has helped to uncover Russian war crimes in Ukraine.   It has even helped to disrupt our adversaries' efforts to recruit  spies on American soil or to send their operatives to the United  States.   Section 702 is a critical tool in America's national security  toolbox, but its future is in question. Unless Congress acts in the  next few months, section 702 is set to expire at the end of this year.  If this happens, it will deprive America's dedicated intelligence  professionals of the laws and the authority they need to keep us safe.   Director Wray recently said that allowing section 702 to expire would  be an ``act of unilateral disarmament in the face of the Chinese  Communist Party''--``unilateral disarmament in the face of the Chinese  Communist Party.''   Given the threat that China poses to the United States and to peace  in the region, an unforced error is the last thing we need. In the  coming months, I hope we can pass a bipartisan law to preserve section  702 and, at the same time, promote greater trust in the Agencies that  use it.   GEN Paul Nakasone, who heads both the National Security Agency and  the U.S. Cyber Command, has been very clear about the need to preserve  section 702 authorities. Last month, he summed up its importance rather  succinctly when he said 702 ``saves lives and protects the homeland.''  It ``saves lives and protects the homeland.''   That is what national security is all about: saving lives and  protecting the homeland and our very freedoms that we cherish. We have  a clear and urgent opportunity to do just that, and we can't let it  slip through our fingers.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   