 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I offer amendment No. 39 to H.R. 4821, the  Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies appropriations bill for  2024.   Amendment No. 39 will reduce funding for the Environmental Protection  Agency Environmental Programs and Management account by $17 million. My  amendment will then reallocate $10 million for increased oversight of  the EPA. It will also provide for spending cuts to the EPA of $2  million.   The EPA's role is to protect human health and the environment through  research and development. Yet, it seems it is often more focused on  burdensome bureaucratic red tape than on the American people and its  businesses.   Stringent EPA regulations burden businesses with compliance costs,  leading to job losses, higher prices for the customer, and reduced  economic competitiveness, particularly in industries such as  manufacturing, energy, and agriculture.   For example, in my own district, re-pavement of a key road has been  delayed for 18 months at the cost of nearly $750 million. These roads  are heavily trafficked and in desperate need of repair.   This delay is due to EPA's requirement of an extensive environmental  impact study, even though the road was paved over a decade ago and this  is a simple re-pavement project to revitalize the community. This is a  ridiculous delay of the inevitable.   The EPA needs to begin prioritizing these communities over the  bureaucratic overreach with overbearing regulations.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support amendment No. 39, which  would decrease the EPA's overall funding account and reallocate a  portion of these funds to increase oversight, transparency, and  accountability.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reiterate that my amendment reduces  funding for the overbearing EPA, increases funding of EPA oversight,  and cuts spending by $2 million.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise to offer my amendment No. 101 to  H.R. 4821, the Interior-Environment appropriations bill for 2024. My  amendment reduces the salary of Matthew Tejada, the deputy assistant  administrator for environmental justice at the U.S. Environmental  Protection Agency, to $1.   As the deputy assistant administrator, he often propagates divisive  rhetoric and pushes the Biden administration's disastrous environmental  justice initiatives onto American communities.   While in his position, Matthew Tejada has made divisive and  inflammatory remarks, attributing the disinvestment in some areas, like  East St. Louis, to racism and referred to this as the genocide of  communities. This sort of rhetoric is a tool used by the radical left  to create a greater divide across the Nation.   Matthew Tejada has even said that he wants to use millions of Federal  tax dollars to fix environmental racism. As a conservative, I support  protecting the environment. One of my favorite Presidents--as a matter  of fact, my favorite President--Teddy Roosevelt was a Republican and  one of the greatest champions of environmental conservation.   However, I do not support taking a benign policy topic and twisting  it into a controversial issue used by the government to further its own  political agenda.   This year the EPA received $108 million to go toward funding  environmental justice programs and projects, such as the Biden  administration's Executive Order 13985, which instructs the EPA to  enact an equity action plan.   I am strongly opposed to wasting American taxpayer dollars on issues  that will further divide the country. Investing in our communities is  important. However, incorporating race into an unrelated issue is  simply virtue signaling, which is unhelpful and divisive.   The Biden administration should focus on unifying the country rather  than dividing us so that we can combat the real issues our country is  facing, like the emergency at the southern border, rising inflation,  and the multiple crises happening overseas.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I actually appreciate the gentlewoman's  comments. As a former student body president at Morehouse School of  Medicine, a minority university, I appreciate the diversity that our  country represents. The problem I have is that when we are trying to  save the environment, which I have no problem with--I have already  stated, my dad was a forest ranger. I have already stated that Teddy  Roosevelt was my favorite President--I want to protect the environment.  I just don't want to make it an issue about race. I believe we should  protect all people, regardless of their skin color. I believe in equal  opportunities. I believe that if it is the right thing to do, we do it  regardless of what race, what religion, what gender. No matter what the  people are, they are Americans, and they deserve the very best from  their government. The fact is, we are literally using the government to  call the government racist. The very people who are put in charge by  President Biden are calling people who are put in charge by the same  governmental people racist. It is an inconsistency of thought, and it  is divisive.   Therefore, I humbly ask my colleagues to support my amendment to hold  Federal bureaucrats accountable, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise to offer my amendment No. 102 to  H.R. 4821, the Interior-Environment appropriations bill for 2024.   My amendment would prohibit funds from this act from implementing  President Biden's burdensome and irresponsible Executive Order Nos.  14037, 14057, and 14096.   Executive Order Nos. 14037 and 14057 are just more examples of the  Biden administration's overreach and out-of-touch energy regulations.   The idea that the American people want the consequences of 100  percent of their electricity being carbon pollution-free by 2030, 100  percent of the government vehicles to have zero emissions by 2035, and  50 percent of all new passenger cars and light trucks sold in the  United States to be electric by 2030 shows just how ignorant this  current administration is to the challenges of everyday Americans who  are facing these problems.   Everyone needs to pay attention. EV popularity is waning, and it is  expensive. Every day, Americans are worried about the skyrocketing  costs of groceries and gas prices or whether their next paycheck will  cover all their bills, including their electricity bills.   The last thing they are thinking about trying to afford is an  electric vehicle that meets the Biden administration's strict standards  and, on average, costs $17,000 more than a gas-powered vehicle.   By the way, for a guy who owns a Tesla and who just had to replace a  battery, that is another $17,000 on top of that. Your battery will go  bad. Anybody who has a cell phone understands that.   These executive orders will hurt low-income Americans most of all.  The Biden administration claims to protect those people.   As we look at Executive Order No. 14096, we see a pattern as the  Biden administration chooses to focus on programs that divide the  American people rather than unite us.   Madam Chair, instead of simply promoting conservation efforts, which  most Americans agree are important, this administration continues to  use divisive rhetoric behind environmental justice, which does not  benefit the poor.   Examples of this divisive rhetoric in the executive order include  ``remnants of discrimination continue to persist today''--we are  talking about EV vehicles--or that ``communities with environmental  justice concerns face entrenched disparities.'' I will tell you that  the disparities will be from those who cannot afford these very  vehicles that are required.   Our country needs unifying language and leadership. The Biden  administration fails that test.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on my amendment No.  102 to ensure that American taxpayer dollars are not being spent on  frivolous and polarizing initiatives.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I appreciate my colleague pointing out  the equity of environment and her concerns for the people. I know  myself when I grew up having to supply my own insurance, supply my own  gas, supply my own car, which I bought for $1,295 for a 1971 Datsun 510  with 141,000 miles on it, I couldn't afford anything other than that. I  couldn't afford any better insurance. My mom didn't have an insurance  policy. Can you imagine a 16-year-old nowadays having their own  insurance policy not on their parents' plan?    I was in survival mode, which a lot of these people that she is  talking about in these communities are in. That is all they can  afford--a used gas vehicle to get to their job, to be independent, to  live a dignified life where they can sustain themselves, not because  they were told by the government, ``You will do this because I am  protecting you,'' but they had a choice. They had a choice because we  trust people more than we trust government.   Isn't that what this whole argument is about? Do we trust the  government to know what is better for our family and our choices,  whether it be what we drive, where we work, or what our emissions are?  Do we trust the American people no matter what the color of their skin  is, or do we trust the American Government to be the moral standard of  who we are and what we represent?   Who do you trust? What is equity? Is equity when the government  decides everybody will be equal, or when a person had the choice, based  on their God-  [[Page H5334]]  given right to self-determine, regardless of the color of their skin,  regardless of their gender, regardless of their religion, that they  have the freedom of choice to decide their fate based on their own  challenges?   That is what this argument is about. Do we self-determine, or do we  let the American Government become our moral standard of what is right  and wrong, of what is good for me?   I choose the individual over the government. I believe that is the  foundation of our government. I believe that is the foundation of our  Constitution. I believe that that is the unalienable right that God  gave us.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   