 Mr. Speaker in a few moments, House Republicans will  pass the strongest border security bill this country has ever seen.   Meanwhile, we are seeing a very different record from President Biden  who has only been to the border one time in 50 years. We all know what  it is. We have seen it every day for over 2 years--especially now that  title 42 is expiring--record crossings, record carelessness, and record  chaos.   Mr. Speaker, what have the House Democrats done?   What have they done to secure the border and fix the border crisis?   I checked, and frankly, it is nothing.   To start, House Democrats skipped congressional hearings at the  border--not just one committee hearing--every single one of them. They  skipped when the Judiciary Committee went and when the Homeland  Security Committee went.   They spent the last 2 years voting by proxy, but when it came to  securing the border, they chose to stay in Washington. They treat the  border like President Biden does: Ignore it and hope the problem goes  away.   I just don't understand why the Democrats wouldn't even show up for  work.   Mr. Speaker, the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee for the  Democrats skipped a fentanyl-related hearing because it was, in his  words, performative.   Mr. Speaker, I guarantee you that the families who have lost loved  ones to fentanyl don't think it is performative. They understand it is  real. They lost a loved one.   The story is just as bad when you look at the previous Congress. For  2 years, the do-nothing inflation Democrats refused to face the music,  even as the evidence piled up and the American people cried out.   What is worse, they lashed out at anyone who tried to fix the  problem.   Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, I warned the American people about what  Border Patrol agents told me, they were catching individuals on the  terrorist watch list.    Were the Democrats concerned when we gave them that  information?   No.   One Democrat who served on the Armed Services Committee who  represents a border State called me a liar.   Since then, more than 175 people on the terrorist watch list have  been caught crossing the border.   In fact, just in February, we caught more people on the terrorist  watch list in 1 month than we caught in the entire 4 years of the last  administration.   Mr. Speaker, thank God the Republicans are in charge today. Thank God  that they are willing to do something instead of ignoring the problem,  and for bringing the solution. I think when you run for office, you  should show up for work. I think when you have a committee hearing  along the border to  [[Page H2278]]  learn the facts, stop playing politics and work for the American  people.   