 Mr. Speaker, point of parliamentary inquiry.   Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman cannot be recognized for H.R. 2670 at  this point, how does one comply with the section in rule XXII that says  a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner may raise a point of order  against a nongermane matter as specified in subparagraph 2 before the  commencement of debate?   We have to do it before the debate starts or we have waited too long;  is that not correct, Mr. Speaker?    Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I would ask if now is the appropriate time  to make points of parliamentary inquiry and motions related to the  properness of H.R. 2670, the conference report, being before this  House?    Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I would inquire as to whether or not when  originally filed, H.R. 2670 complied with the requirements of the rules  of the House to have a single purpose stated, and if so, what was that  single purpose?    Mr. Speaker, point of parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, that is why we tried to do it before the  motion was made. I am questioning how can a Member exercise his rights  under the rules to raise objections when the rule clearly says it must  be done before the commencement of debate. Now we are told that once a  measure has been called up and the motion has been made, we can't make  the inquiries or challenge the properness of the conference report.    That is if the resolution passes. I am trying to  establish whether or not this is even properly before the body.    Mr. Speaker, point of parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, is the Chair confirming that there was, in  fact, a single purpose declaration made at the time of the filing of  the bill, because otherwise it is not properly before the House at all.    Mr. Speaker, point of parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, is the Chair indicating that the mere  motion to suspend the rules, therefore, suspends the rules until such  time as that motion is defeated?  [[Page H6948]]     Mr. Speaker, point of parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, I would ask the Chair if that also applies  to any germaneness that might apply that would otherwise be in  violation of the conference reports stated in rule XXII.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   