 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today referring to a  speech that Senator Biden gave on this Senate floor 39 years ago today.  The scene was this: It developed over several months of that year  before May 2, 1984.   I had this idea which would be considered crazy today, that we need  to get control of the budget by just freezing everything across the  board. And I recruited Nancy Kassebaum, a Senator from Kansas, and  Senator Biden to help in that effort.   Senator Biden gave the longest speech that day on justifying it, and  most of his comments at that time were trying to justify that you could  actually freeze the defense budget, and also it included the freeze on  the COLAs for Social Security.   But Senator Biden spent most of his speech fighting off giants of the  military industrial complex at that time, by the names of Senator  Goldwater, Senator Towers, and Senator Stevens of Alaska. So that is  the background of what I am talking about today.   So on this day, 39 years ago, then-Senator Biden spoke on the Senate  floor saying that he was ``outraged''--that is his words--that our  national debt would soon be near $2 trillion. He urged fellow Senators  to ``do something . . . before the debt limit increase comes up.'' The  ``something'' that he advocated for was a Federal spending freeze.   Today, our national debt stands at $31.5 trillion compared to that $2  trillion in 1984. But in a few years, public debt as a share of our  economy is expected to exceed record levels set in the wake of World  War II. However, instead of urging immediate action this year,  President Biden wants to kick the can down the road. I think, today, we  would all consider that to be irresponsible and unacceptable.    In contrast, House Republicans are tackling our debt crisis head-on.  Legislation the House passed last week would rein in excessive  government spending, lift the debt ceiling, and impose meaningful  fiscal controls moving forward. President Biden and Senate Democrats  must get off the sidelines and negotiate. We can't continue to live  high on the hog at the expense of future generations.   To put our current national debt in perspective, a gross Federal debt  of $31.5 trillion equates to $95,000 for each man, woman, and child  living in the United States today. By comparison, the average cost of a  4-year public college degree in 2023 is about $90,000. Both are more  than we should be asking young people to bear. Looked at in terms of  the American taxpayers, our government debt comes to a staggering  $247,000 per tax filer, and I think the number of tax filers would be  close to 160 million or just a few more. That is $52,000 more than the  average home value in my State of Iowa.   Our growing national debt is unsustainable. In its most recent budget  outlook, the Congressional Budget Office estimates interest on the debt  will be near $1 trillion in 2028--an amount exceeding what our Nation  is expected to spend that year on national defense. Absent action,  interest costs will continue to mount at an alarming rate. Looking well  into the future, by 2044, interest will exceed $2.9 trillion,  surpassing what we are projected to spend on Medicare. By 2050,  interest will become our Nation's single largest expense, even  surpassing Social Security.   Interest costs of this size would have been unfathomable to my then- Senate colleague Joe Biden. Remember how he said he was outraged that  the national debt would reach $2 trillion? While Senator Biden was  expressing outrage over a $2 trillion national debt, he was also  lamenting the prospects of $219 billion in annual interest costs. Yet,  today, President Biden barely bats an eyelash at interest projected to  blow past $1 trillion, on a path to $3 trillion.   At the same time our interest costs are set to soar, several major  Federal programs are barreling toward insolvency. According to the  trustees of Social Security and Medicare, in the report they introduced  this spring, Social Security's primary trust fund will become insolvent  in 2033, while Medicare's trust fund will go broke in 2031.   Contrary to what some Democrats claim, doing nothing to address these  programs is not an option. The Social Security and Medicare Board of  Trustees, which consists solely of President Biden's administration  officials, has made it clear that congressional inaction means  automatic benefit cuts within the next 10 years. Yet President Biden  has accused any Republican who mentions the words ``Social Security''  of wanting to gut the program, although nothing could be further from  the truth.   In 1984, Senator Joe Biden sang a much different tune. He understood  that a dire fiscal situation required bold action from this Congress.  The Federal spending freeze he advocated  [[Page S1452]]  for applied across the board. It would have frozen spending on Social  Security, Medicare, defense, and much more.   Nothing any Republican has proposed today comes close to the broad- based spending cuts advocated by then-Senator Biden. What Republicans  have put forward likely wouldn't go far enough for the 1984 Joe Biden.  Today, our debt, our deficits, and our interest costs are all on a far  bleaker path than they were in 1984. Yet President Biden refuses to  entertain even modest spending cuts. That should be unacceptable and is  unacceptable to most Americans.   We can't continue to ignore our current fiscal trajectory. We must  get our fiscal house in order. Failure to act puts children born today  in a position that they will never be able to recover from financially.  This Congress must come together to fix our broken budget system and  return to regular order. As the ranking member of the Senate's Budget  Committee, I stand ready to work with my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle to put us on a more sustainable path.   Unfortunately, the White House doesn't seem to want to address the  issues we are facing. The President's budget request continues our  Nation on a path to fiscal ruin. Under the administration's budget  proposals, public debt as a share of our economy will set a new record  in 2027.   We owe it to the Nation's young people to leave them a country that  is on solid financial ground. We cannot ask the generation of tomorrow  to pay for the gluttony of today.   Here are the words of then-Senator Biden in 1984: ``I, myself, am  outraged . . . I hope that all those other Senators who share my  outrage will also share my determination to do something'' about our  unsustainable debt.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   