 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the job description of a Member of Congress  is real short. It is to take care of your constituents and have  oversight of the Federal Government.   This amendment deals with the oversight portion. It is oversight of  an unauthorized Federal agency, of which we have over 1,200  unauthorized agencies. An unauthorized agency is one that was simply  not approved by Congress.   In this case, the agency was approved through the executive branch to  help with overseeing the implementation of NEPA back during the Nixon  administration. Since then, it has become one of the rogue, woke,  climate control warriors for the Biden administration, pushing rules  and regulations. As a matter of fact, the budget for this unauthorized  agency was around $3.75 million. It happened to grow during the  Democrats' Inflation Reduction Act to over $62 million.   Now, the Council on Environmental Quality is just one of a long list  of unauthorized agencies in this Federal Government.   During recent oversight hearings, on four occasions, Director Brenda  Mallory was requested to come and testify. Now, she only showed up one  time. During that time, she decided that she would refuse to answer  questions. She didn't have to answer our questions on any subject.   Let me make that even clearer. She wasn't refusing to answer my  questions or the committee's questions. She was refusing to answer to  the American people, the very taxpayers that foot the bill for that  agency. You see, they have gotten to where, like other agencies, like  the one that was just mentioned, they feel they don't have to answer to  us. They don't have to answer to the American people. They are beyond  that. It is beneath them to have to explain what they do.   This amendment does one simple thing. $3.75 million is their annual  budget. It simply takes that from this woke, climate-change-warrior- style agency, and it moves it over to the national parks to their  construction fund, and what that does is that is going to help, Mr.  Chairman, with the backlog of deferred maintenance that is in the  national parks.   The national parks are running a deferred maintenance because of  Members from the other side of the aisle using their funds on the  national parks for pet projects.   Mr. Chair, I urge the passage of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this is a prime example of another rogue,  unauthorized agency out there that is implementing rules and  regulations for which they were not set up. It also is an agency that  was issued $62 million through the Democrats' Inflation Reduction Act.  Therefore, they have plenty of cash over there. This simply takes $3.75  million and moves it over to help with the deferred maintenance in the  national parks.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    I ask unanimous consent to reclaim my time.    Mr. Chairman, I believe that $62.5 million was given to  this agency in the Inflation Reduction Act, which was passed into law.  Any bill that is out there that rescinds that money has not been  signed. Therefore, it is still there.   I am simply saying, take the $3.75 million, which is our duty as  Members of Congress to have oversight, especially over an agency that  was never  [[Page H5275]]  authorized by Congress. I don't care which administration it is. Wrong  is wrong. This agency is not authorized by this body. Therefore, I am  asking for the funds to be moved over to the national parks for their  deferred maintenance. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment prohibits any funding from being  used by the EPA to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce NOAA's  vessel speed limiter rule.   This is a misguided rule that would require any vessel over 35 feet  to go 10 knots or less all along the Eastern seaboard from Maine all  the way down through Florida. They claim they are doing this in order  to protect the North Atlantic right whale.   Well, let's review some of the facts.   Approximately 15 whales have been killed by boats in the last 18  years. You have got better odds of hitting the lottery than this.   The right whale population has been consistent since 1980.   The right whales used to calve every 3 to 5 years, but now they are  only calving every 7 to 9 years.   What is this rule going to do for the economic impact? It has a $84  billion economic impact on the East Coast. It will jeopardize 340,000  East Coast jobs, and there are 63,000 registered boats that will be  impacted with this new rule.   There is a better way to track these whales, but NOAA just refuses to  do it. We tag horses, cows, pets, many other animals. Why can't we tag  these whales as well? There is no reason that we can't use some  commonsense solutions such as this. Tagging the whales would allow the  boats to avoid any whales that are in the area without the need to put  some burdensome speed restrictions all along the East Coast.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge all my colleagues to adopt this  commonsense amendment and prevent the EPA from enforcing this job- killing rule, and I yield back the balance of my time.   