 Madam Speaker, two women spoke at a  pregnancy care center dinner I attended in New Jersey.   Both women were effusive in their thanks that the director had  approached them in absolute kindness and empathy as they were literally  walking from the parking lot to an abortion clinic. They changed their  minds and were helped through their pregnancies and after the birth of  their children, as well.   Later in the program, two young, teenaged girls spoke of the sanctity  of life and the good work of the pregnancy care center. In a very  dramatic moment from the podium--because they were standing side by  side--they turned to the director, thanked her, and said that had she  not reached out to their moms that day and followed up with such love  and compassion, both of them would have been dead.   Pregnancy care centers across the country have suffered a surge of  violent attacks, firebombing and vandalism by pro-abortion activists in  a coordinated effort to intimidate frontline volunteers and licensed  medical professionals providing critical support to mothers in need and  their unborn baby girls and boys.   Now more than ever the Biden administration and law enforcement needs  to enforce the law.    Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend for  yielding, and I thank Ann Wagner for authoring this important  legislation.   Madam Speaker, in a Florida abortion clinic, Sycloria Williams  delivered a live baby girl at 23 weeks. The clinic owner took the baby,  who was gasping for air, cut her umbilical cord, threw her into a  biohazard bag, and put the bag in the trash.   Heartbroken, Ms. Williams later had a funeral for her baby girl, who  she named Shanice. CNN has reported since that Ms. Williams suffers  PTSD from that ordeal.   Madam Speaker, why are these live births from abortion little known?  Dr. Willard Cates, former head of the Centers for Disease Control's  abortion surveillance unit, said several years ago live births are  little known because organized medicine, from fear of public clamor and  legal action, treats them more as an embarrassment to be hushed up than  a problem to be solved. ``It is like turning yourself in to the IRS for  an audit,'' he went on. ``What is there to gain? The tendency is not to  report because there are only negative incentives.''    Madam Speaker, Philadelphia abortionist Kermit Gosnell, one of the  few who got caught--and it was under a State law, not Federal, and many  States don't have such laws--was convicted of murder for killing  children who were born alive after attempted abortions.   The grand jury report described it in this way: ``Gosnell had a  simple solution for the unwanted babies he delivered: He killed them.  He didn't call it that. He called it `ensuring fetal demise.' The way  he ensured fetal demise was by sticking scissors into the back of the  baby's neck and cutting the spinal cord. He called that `snipping.'''   The Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act seeks to end or at  least mitigate this egregious child abuse by requiring that a  healthcare provider must exercise the same degree of professional  skill, care, and diligence to preserve the life of that child as they  would a child of similar age.   The bill empowers the woman upon whom the abortion is performed to  obtain appropriate civil relief. I am sure had it been available then,  Ms. Williams would have done that, as well.   Madam Speaker, this is humane, pro-child, human rights legislation.   