 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak in support of my amendment,  which exempts defense-related activities from the Endangered Species  Act.   This amendment would end the Endangered Species Act application in  areas used for national defense-related operations and prohibits the  Secretary of the Interior from designating areas necessary for military  operations as crucial habitats.   I have been listening to my colleagues now for quite a while this  afternoon and this evening on both sides. Where there was comity and  concord, it was always arguing over how much we need to be ready and  prepared. I will give you an example of what is happening here, the  Yuma Proving Ground and the Barry M. Goldwater Range, where you can  fire live fire missiles, are booked literally months, almost a year, in  advance. Why? It is one of the most remote areas in the country that  allows us to do it, but can we do it all the time? No. They are closed  at least 12 percent of the time. That means contractors and the  military can't complete their mission and prepare for their mission.   Why is that? Compliance with environmental laws has created  restrictions on how DOD manages plants and conducts training exercises  on its installations, not just at YPG or at Goldwater.   According to DOD, 85 percent of Army installations have threatened or  endangered species present. Two million acres of Army training and  testing lands have training restrictions in place related to ESA  compliance requirements. These restrictions hinder our readiness and  our mission.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, to oppose this amendment is an example of  hate, bigotry, and ignorance. This is a longstanding issue, and you  stand there and have the audacity to say there is zero evidence.   Explain then why officials have to report that on the Goldwater Range  they had to cancel 8 percent of their F-16 training exercises. What is  this for? It is for the Sonoran pronghorn, which doesn't inhabit that  range? It inhabits the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge in the Cabeza  Prieta Refuge.   However, anytime that pronghorn gets within 3 miles of this massive  range that we have expended--by the way, you all just voted to give Mr.  Grijalva from Arizona more money to expand and improve that. Guess  what? It won't be able to be used a significant portion of the time.   If biologists determine that the Sonoran pronghorn is present within  3 miles of the training range, they shut it down.   We can't bomb in certain places. We can't test missiles in certain  places. Why? For the acuna cactus.   I am telling you, when you say this isn't necessary, it is necessary.  It is not extremist to say we need to help get our military ready in  one of the most unique training ranges in the country, the Goldwater  Range off Luke Air Force Base and the Yuma Proving Ground.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I think that it is interesting when we talk  about protecting wildlife. How about protecting the homeland? How about  protecting our military by allowing them to be ready and prepared? How  about protecting the development of new military capabilities through  the research and development that goes through both the Barry M.  Goldwater Range, which, by the way, is impacted by the ESA, and also  the Kofa range. That is why DOD responds.   Mr. Chairman, I urge the passage of this amendment. I think it is  necessary if you want to keep advocating for preparation, which  everybody has been talking about. That is the only thing everybody has  been in harmony about until you get to this. Then we are told that if  you want that, somehow you are a bigot, somehow you are ignorant.   That is audacious, offensive, and childish, and it doesn't warrant  the worthiness of the debate that should be going on about a real  issue.   If you want to talk about it, let's talk about it, but you don't need  to throw out ad hominem attacks. That is really a shame.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   