 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I do want to point out that 130 countries right now, 90 percent of  the world's central banks, are studying and doing research on digital  currencies, and, in particular, government-backed digital currencies.   This amendment would prevent the United States from researching an  area that 130 countries are right now researching. It would put us very  far back at the end of the pack.   Mr. Chairman, as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Digital  Assets, Financial Technology and Inclusion, I rise in strong opposition  to H.R. 4664, the Financial Services appropriations bill and the  misguided amendment that would essentially prevent our government from  exploring and researching a government-issued central bank digital  currency.   This year witnessed the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature  Bank, and other U.S. midsize banks holding a combined $500 billion in  assets, an institutional banking crisis requiring decisive action by  the FDIC, Treasury, and the Federal Reserve to protect American  investors and the U.S. economy.   We are also in the immediate aftermath of a catastrophic demise of  the crypto market following the abrupt implosion of FTX, Celsius,  BlockFi, and other crypto companies.   Just this week, FTX founder Sam Bankman-Fried was convicted of seven  counts of financial fraud and conspiracy after he stole up to $14  billion from FTX customers and investors.   Yet, in this climate that demands regulatory oversight and thorough  understanding of this market, this appropriations bill actually guts  funding for critical agencies that serve to protect American investors,  including the Securities and Exchange Commission.   Moreover, to the great detriment of U.S. global economic leadership,  the amendment under consideration would prevent the Treasury from even  examining a government-backed central bank digital currency.    As I said, Mr. Chairman, more than 130 countries and 90  percent of the world's central banks are exploring their own  government-backed digital currencies.   We should not be suppressing innovative approaches without fully  evaluating its benefits and the risks to the American public.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this bill  and the amendment that would impede commonsense regulation and research  and innovation.   