 Mr. Speaker, House Republicans are the only ones that have  done their job to pass legislation that raises the debt ceiling in a  reasonable, responsible, and sensible way.   Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen tells us that the United States may  run out of funds to pay our bills in just 8 days. Yet, the Democratic- controlled Senate has yet to put forward a proposal or even hold a  single vote.   Unfortunately, the President has wasted valuable time refusing to  negotiate. In fact, it has taken more than 100 days for him to even  come to the negotiating table, despite Speaker McCarthy's repeated  calls to the White House to just have a meeting--President Biden  declined at each and every turn until recently--inching our Nation  toward a Democrat-induced default.   With only 8 days left until our Nation potentially drives off the  fiscal cliff, thanks to Democrats' wasteful and out-of-control  spending, you would expect the President would be at the negotiating  table each and every day, around the clock, until we get a deal done to  avoid the disastrous default. Instead, he spent the weekend traveling  overseas.   To me and many of the Tennesseans I represent, the President seems to  be neglecting his duties during these most critical moments.  Republicans have done everything we can to avoid this scenario. Like I  mentioned, the House is the only body to pass legislation that  responsibly raises the debt ceiling and does so while also saving  American taxpayers trillions of dollars.   President Biden's actions remind me of a child who doesn't get their  way. Unfortunately, the President's temper tantrum will have much more  dire consequences than that of a toddler.   There is an easy solution to this problem. If the President were  serious about avoiding default, he could instruct his counterparts in  the Senate to pass our bill, the House-passed Limit, Save, Grow Act,  which raises the debt ceiling in a reasonable, responsible, and  sensible manner.   Sure, maybe the President and Senate Democrats didn't get their  homework done by the due date, but they are more than welcome to copy  ours and turn it in for full credit.   Mr. Speaker, if a Democrat President delays negotiations, and if a  Democrat-controlled Senate doesn't pass anything, what do you get? You  get the United States' first-ever default that will lie squarely on  Democrats' shoulders--a Democrat default.   It is a shame that after all of these years the President spent in  the Senate, a body known for its bipartisanship and ability to  compromise, the President has brought us this close to default.  [[Page H2555]]    Mr. Speaker, make no mistake, the Democrats' default will have  catastrophic impacts on the U.S. economy. Let's hope it doesn't come to  that and that we can come together to save our country from fiscal  insanity by limiting Washington's out-of-control spending.    Mr. Speaker, America is a country built on the idea of  freedom. Freedom to most means the ability to live and make decisions  without unreasonable constraints. Freedom does not mean freedom from  individual responsibility.   Unfortunately, President Biden and those who support his wealthy  student loan giveaway scheme have gotten it backwards. They believe  that hardworking, blue-collar Tennesseans should foot the bills for the  wealthy.   Simply put, this is plain wrong. Because in America, we are free to  make decisions on our own and no one should be responsible for someone  else's personal decisions.   Mr. Speaker, by forcing this draconian student loan buyout down the  throats of taxpayers, President Biden is hindering our freedom. That is  why I urge my colleagues to join me in standing on the side of freedom  by voting ``yes'' on H.J. Res. 45.   