 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise to support my amendment.   My amendment No. 102 would reduce the Agriculture, Rural Development,  Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act  by $717 million in order to get the total spending of all bills back to  the fiscal 2022 levels.   In fiscal year 2022, the Agriculture-FDA appropriations were about  $24 billion. I believe that the agencies and programs included in this  bill were able to operate effectively enough at those levels.   In order to get spending under control, Federal agencies must begin  operating at the same levels or, at the very least, receive only modest  increases, which this would include.   On April 26, 2023, House Republicans passed the Limit, Save, Grow Act  to reduce spending and take the first step forward to financial  stability and recovery for our country. However, Speaker McCarthy  deserted this plan and instead turned to the Democrats to pass a debt  ceiling bill eliminating the work done and passed under the Limit,  Save, Grow Act.   The American people are sick and tired of the D.C. cartel. It is  running up our tab for the American people while our constituents are  struggling to make ends meet.   From 1981 until 2008, Congress added $10 trillion to the national  debt. In the past 4 years, we have added as much as they did during  that 27-year period.   This is not sustainable, and we need to find an off-ramp. Limiting  spending will help our farmers in the long run as they are currently  struggling with high input costs as a result of Joe Biden's reckless  spending, which has led to historically high inflation rates.   We can no longer continue to fund the Democrats' and the Biden  administration's radical agenda. It is an insult to the American people  to continue the exorbitant spending spree that has been spread by the  previous Speaker of the House.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, there is a proposed $1.3 billion increase  in this appropriation. With this reduction, there would still be a $600  million increase in the appropriation. That is a reasonable increase  based upon the inflation rates that have been caused by all the  reckless spending by the Biden administration.   The farmers across the State of Montana understand that everyone has  to conserve. A $600 million increase in the appropriation for the  agriculture bill is certainly doing their part. That is a tremendous  increase, and they are willing to take that $700 million reduction.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   