 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  gentleman from Rhode Island, the Honorable Gabe Amo, be permitted to  take the oath of office today.   His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest  and no question has been raised with regard to his election.    Mr. Speaker, the people of Rhode Island's First  Congressional District have elected a Representative with the  character, the credentials, and the commitment to be an effective  Member of this body from day one.   As one of the original 13 States, Rhode Island has been electing  Representatives to the House since 1790. In those 233 years, Rhode  Island has never sent an African American or any person of color to  Congress until today, but Gabe Amo will be the first to tell you, Mr.  Speaker, that he did not come here to make history. He came here to  make a difference.   He came to make a difference for working people like his parents, who  immigrated to the United States from Ghana and Liberia. Gabe's mother,  Weady, is a nurse. His father, Gabriel, runs the family's liquor store.  They came to America because they believe in the promise of this  country.   They settled in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, a diverse, blue-collar city  of brick mills and triple-decker houses where people value a hard day's  work. This is where Gabe Amo comes from.   He has chosen to devote his career to public service, working in the  Rhode Island State House for then-Governor Gina Raimondo and in the  White House for President Obama and President Biden.  [[Page H5712]]    By the way, a shout-out to the staffers who do not get enough credit  in this town.   Mr. Speaker, can we have a round of applause for them, please.   Now in Congress, Gabe is ready to fight for the America that inspired  his parents all those years ago, an America where workers can get fair  pay and benefits and the right to join a union like his mother did; an  America where immigrants like Gabe's parents are welcomed to this  country with kindness and not with cruelty; an America that stands with  democracies and not dictators; an America where freedom means freedom  for everybody, including women to make their own healthcare decisions  and LGBTQ Americans to marry the person they love; and an America where  we have the God-given right to choose our own leaders and not have the  results challenged and denied by the losing side.   I have known Gabe Amo since we were both teenagers, and I can tell  you, Mr. Speaker, he has the values, the commitment to America, and a  love for service that runs deep.   He is the right person to serve in this House at this moment, and it  gives me great pleasure to introduce, for the first time as our  colleague, the gentleman from Rhode Island, Gabe Amo.   