 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the great State of  Washington for giving me this opportunity and giving the people back  home this opportunity.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise on behalf of the communities and the  residents of west central Indiana to share our experience with the  Endangered Species Act.   As an animal scientist and a farmer, I am a lifelong conservationist.  I value the well-intended effort of the ESA to protect and conserve our  Nation's most iconic species that really define our landscapes and have  shaped our heritage.   Unfortunately, I believe the ESA has failed to achieve the underlying  mission, and many of my constituents have been forced to experience the  consequences firsthand.   Lakes Freeman and Shafer near Monticello, Indiana, have been a proper  and appropriate tourist destination--home to many small businesses and  attractions, and a vibrant local economy. A series of droughts and a  tangle of bureaucratic red tape involving ESA devastated our once- thriving community.   Following a listing more than a decade ago of mussels on the  endangered species list found in the Tippecanoe River, the U.S. Fish  and Wildlife Service subsequently ordered a new higher volume of water  to flow out of the Oakdale Dam that forms Lake Freeman, in an effort to  preserve these now protected mussels.   This executive action by unelected bureaucrats became a death knell  to the community and surrounding area. Businesses like the Tall Timbers  Marina or The Madam Carroll cruise boat reported catastrophic losses of  revenue. Homeowners along the lake reported ruined seawalls, dried up  wells, and poor resale values.   The ESA not only failed to save the endangered population of mussels  that sparked this misguided intervention--the mussels likely died from  bacterial overload created by reducing a 1500-acre lake to a puddle-- but also claimed the lives of other wildlife in the area that died from  the inhospitable conditions created by this rulemaking.   What happened in my district was an unmitigated disaster with  antiquated Federal policies providing little resources for the  community nearly leveled by its outstanding and outdated regulations.   After 50 years, it is time to modernize the law--to fix the broken  parts, to make it better serve its intended purpose, and to allow for  responsible solutions to disasters like Lake Freeman.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and I am glad he is  pointing that out.   