 Mr. Chair, this Interior and Environment appropriations  bill, much like the House Republican appropriations bills that have  come before it, is an extreme MAGA manifesto. It is not at all  representative of the values of the American people.   This bill is full of reckless policy riders that undermine the most  basic environmental protections, take us backwards in the climate  fight, and introduce climate change denial as part of a policy for the  Republican majority. It pads Big Oil's profits by selling off our  Nation's public lands, waters, wildlife, and endangered species.   It rips away the historic and hard-fought climate wins in the  Inflation Reduction Act that are not only for protecting our future but  growing the middle class with hundreds of thousands of good-paying  jobs. It bullies American communities that have already been  overburdened by pollution and guts environmental justice efforts.  [[Page H5247]]    We have seen many of these riders in the Natural Resources Committee  this year. They don't have a future as stand-alone bills. Instead of  putting in the work to govern and finding meaningful solutions, seeking  compromise that the American people actually want, House Republicans  are shamelessly burying these provisions in the most extreme Interior  Appropriations bill we have ever seen.   House Republicans are following the marching orders of their monarch,  former President Trump. It doesn't matter how many times he is indicted  for fraud, for stealing classified documents, or for orchestrating an  insurrection and a coordinated attempt to overthrow our democracy, they  are here doing his bidding to prop up Big Oil and its favorite  oligarchs, no matter who gets hurt.   To protect the American people, I and 33 of my colleagues submitted  an amendment to strip from this bill the dangerous policy riders, but  the Rules Committee, controlled by the most extreme members of the  Republican Conference, wouldn't allow a vote on the floor.    My Republican colleagues are always quick to protest  about process, but it seems that their actions speak louder than their  crocodile tears. Their rejection of this amendment demonstrates yet  again that this appropriations process is a sham. This particular bill  ignores climate and the effects of climate change that are ongoing  worldwide and in this country. It undoes any protections to vulnerable  communities and communities in general by gutting essential programs  and monitoring an enforcement of clean air and clean water, and it  erases history. It says we are going to wash this part of history out  as, for example, the blocking of the Latino museum, that that part of  American history does not exist, and we will not appropriate for that.   Mr. Chair, I urge rejection of this legislation. It is not just a  step backward, it is a dismantling of basic public health,  environmental, and consequential issues dealing with the identity of  this great Nation of ours.   