 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.  [[Page H2393]]     Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R.  3091, the Federal Law Enforcement Service Weapon Purchase Act.   My amendment would expand those who can purchase retired service  weapons to include those who have served their country faithfully and  retired from Federal law enforcement. This amendment will allow for the  brave men and women who retired from service in Federal law enforcement  the ability to protect themselves and our communities, if necessary.   By eliminating bureaucratic red tape currently preventing Federal law  enforcement officers and retirees from purchasing their service  weapons, we are equipping them with the ability to respond to  emergencies equipped with the weapon they are well acquainted with. The  best deterrent to a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.   This measure will further protect the Second Amendment rights of our  Federal law enforcement officers who have displayed valor and courage  in making the ultimate sacrifice to keep us safe and protect our  communities.   Those who have served our Nation as law enforcement officers with  dignity and honor and retired in good standing ought to have the same  rights of those currently serving.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, we are talking about the same men and women  that went through the rigorous background check before they retired. We  are talking about the same men and women that served our country  honorably. This amendment speaks in good faith and good faith only.   I agree with my colleagues across the aisle that if there is an  individual that has done something nefarious, absolutely, but this  amendment alone speaks to the good faith of those men and women who  served in uniform.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, anyone who is guilty of what my colleague  across the aisle is saying would have to go through--we are talking  about weapon systems that are retired out of the Federal system and  good-standing law enforcement officers purchasing those weapon systems.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in closing, I urge my colleagues across the  aisle to support this sensible measure that will afford law-abiding  retired law enforcement officers the same treatment as those currently  serving as defined in this bill.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   