 Mr. President, the United States invaded Iraq following  congressional authorization exactly 20 years ago, March 19 and 20,  2003.   In that war, nearly 4,500 Americans lost their lives and more than  31,000 American troops were wounded--some grievously--who will carry  that wound for the rest of their lives. Hundreds of thousands of Iraqi  civilians were killed.   I rise thinking about all of them as we come close to a vote to  declare these wars are over.   It wasn't too long into the war when criticism of the decision to go  to war began. There is no criticism of the heroism of the American  troops who served ably, who did so well, who protected their  colleagues, who protected civilian life the best they could. But there  began to be criticism of the rationale for the war.   Two of the rationales for this war were that Iraq had weapons of mass  destruction. That was very convincing to many colleagues here. It  turned out not to be true. And another of the rationales that was  occasionally advanced was that Iraq had participated in the 9/11  attack. That proved not to be true.   So much of the analysis of the Iraq war, looking backward over 20  years and lessons learned, has focused upon the rationales advanced  that turned out not to be true.   But there was another challenge; and today is an effort, in many  ways, to try to fix that challenge. And the challenge was this: We  rushed into it. There were 4,500 who died; 31,000 who were wounded, the  hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilians.   What we have to contemplate is the reality that we rushed into a  war--this body rushed into a war. The Iraq war resolution was filed in  the House in early October 2002, assigned to a committee, and came out  of the House in a week. The resolution was pending in the Senate--no  committee action, no committee opportunity for inquiry, amendment,  debate. It was pending in the Senate for 3 days--3 days.   The Senate voted to go to war--a war that has had massive  consequences--with a total of 3 days of analysis. Taking the time to be  the greatest deliberative body in the world does not guarantee that we  will get everything right. But short-circuiting a decision, especially  a decision of such magnitude as to whether the United States should go  to war, maximizes the chance that we, as fallible humans, will get it  wrong.   I believe many of the challenges that we faced in the Iraq war began  with that rush. I am very dedicated to the proposition--and I have been  since I came here--that the United States and the article I branch of  Congress, we should never be pushed into a war and we should never be  rushed into a war.   The repeal of the 1991 and 2002 AUMF has been on the floor of the  Senate for 2 weeks, not 3 days. The repeal has been pending before the  body since 2019. It has had two different markups in the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee where members got chances to offer amendment and  debate and vote twice. The effort over the last 13 days has involved 11  votes on amendments in this body. In the declaration of war, there were  only five amendment votes.   We have given dramatically more time in this body to the question of  whether we end two wars--one declared in 1991 and one declared in  2002--than was given to the momentous question of whether we should  start a war.   I think that is a lesson that we should all absorb and learn from. I  want to thank my colleagues who have been so helpful in this regard.  Senator Young has been such an able colleague in this path from the  very day he came into this body and was assigned to the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee; his bona fides, having worked with a great Member  of the Senate, Senator Lugar; and his marine service made him somebody  who grabbed this issue immediately.   I want to thank the Senate Foreign Relation Committee's leadership,  Senators Menendez and Risch, both of whom have cooperated to try to  give this the attention and deliberation it deserves. I will say this  about Senator Risch: We have had disagreements along the way, but here  is a man who knows how to disagree without being disagreeable-- curmudgeonly, yes, but not disagreeable.   I also want to thank Senator Schumer for being committed to make this  happen.   Also to Senator Warner for his pep talks when I would get down about  how come I am not able to convince anybody. He would give me pep talks,  and I appreciated his comments.   I appreciate the outside groups that weighed in in significant ways-- American Legion, Concerned Veterans for America, Friends Committee on  National Legislation, and so many others.   I very much want to thank my staff, many of whom are here, who have  worked with me on this and, probably like Senator Warner at some  points, wondered why I was so obsessed about it. Can't we move on and  do something else? I learned early, I am not going to get my way by  looks, so I better get it by persistence. And this has been one of  those efforts where persistence has helped.   And the passage of 20 years, and even the anniversary--the 20th  anniversary, has kind of opened a reflective moment where I think we  are moving in the right direction.   Last thing I want to say is this: This is, obviously, very important  to me, personally, on this topic, coming from a State that is so  military in our focus and proudly so, being the father of a marine-- that makes a difference to me. But even if this debate were about  another topic, I am so glad that we just spent time deliberating, for  gosh sake, instead of rushing to a war in 3 days. We had a very robust  process of full committee consideration, of full Senate floor debate,  of amendments--some that were easy and some that were really hard; some  that were really close and some that weren't so close.   We showed that we can operate in what I have never really experienced  in the time I have been here, but what I have had glimpses of in this  debate: We can operate according to sort of a regular order--the way we  should do things. And regular order is kind of a phrase; who knows what  that means?   It means deliberation when we are making important decisions,  allowing the committees to take their time to do the work, allowing  committee members to shape a bill, getting the bill on the floor,  giving it the time it deserves. That is what the Senate has been known  for since 1787.   We have declined in our ability or, perhaps, our willingness to do it  the old-fashioned way, but when we do it the old-fashioned way and we  deliberate, we make better decisions. And I am proud to have been part  of a decision-making process that has enabled all 100 Senators to  participate in a meaningful way.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that my State  Department fellow, Nathan Lee, be granted floor privileges for the  duration of his fellowship with my office.   