 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, this amendment will decrease funding for  the Housing Opportunities for Persons With AIDS by $505 million and  move it to the spending reduction account.   AIDS is a horrific disease. We have lots of horrific diseases in our  country, but we don't have programs for everybody that gets a disease.  We don't have programs specifically for people that get cancer, for  example.   We have programs for AIDS because when AIDS was first spreading,  people didn't understand it. They thought it would spread like a  contagion, that you could get it just because you lived in the same  housing development as someone else. Now that we properly understand  AIDS, we don't have the same kind of denial of access to housing for  people.   We do have need-based housing, and there are people with AIDS who  have needs, and some of them currently are even being housed under this  program.   The reality is they would still have access to housing if they are  qualified for need-based assistance just like every other American. It  doesn't eliminate the safety net but eliminates the special, favored  treatment.   Why is that important? Well, look. We have to cut something. Ronald  Reagan famously recognized that the closest thing to eternal life we  will see on this Earth is a government program. There is always a new  program, but there is never a time to get rid of an old program.   This program just continues on without real authorization. It just  keeps getting appropriated. It is time. It is time to take it away.   It is time to curb our spending. This HUD program spends almost $3  billion more than it used to spend in discretionary spending.   We are going to have to turn something off. We have over $33 trillion  in debt, and in the next 18 months, we are supposed to add another $3  trillion. Are we supposed to take spending seriously once we get to $50  trillion? At some point, people recognize that if something can't  continue, it will eventually stop.   It is not compassionate to bankrupt America. We put these programs  out there, and we say they are so compassionate, but they are not  because they are leading our country toward a crash site. This is going  to end in financial ruin.   This is the same kind of point we tried to make when they said, let's  close the economy and print money. We are spending more money than  anyone will even lend us. The Federal Reserve became the lender of last  resort,  [[Page H5505]]  and their balance sheet grew by $5 trillion.   We knew that was going to cause inflation. That is why I created the  Sound Money Caucus in July of 2020. They said it wouldn't cause  inflation. We said it would. They said it wouldn't hit consumers. We  said it would.   They finally acknowledged, well, maybe it will be transitory. That is  the phase we are in. How transitory is it?   All this goes back to policy decisions. You might be able to print  money, but you can't guarantee that it will keep buying the same amount  of stuff. We do have to turn something off. I think this is a tragic  situation when anyone has a disease, but we need to turn this program  off.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, the amendment doesn't stop people who have  genuine needs as defined by our current needs-based program from  receiving assistance.   It maintains the same level of compassion it has for all Americans.  It doesn't treat them with any special distinction. In fact, it  restores equality instead of denying it.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, our colleague just makes the point.  If Chicago needs a program, Chicago could operate a program. If the  State of Illinois needs a program, Illinois could operate a program. If  the State of New York needs a program, the State could operate a  program. The Federal Government does not need to operate this program.   It disproportionately goes to high-density populations in urban  areas. It doesn't affect rural America. Frankly, it federalizes a  problem that is much more localized.   It is time to let something finally expire and say this need has  largely been met. The health conditions are much more survivable than  they were when this program was launched.   I urge my colleagues to take this opportunity to finally trim  something that is no longer needed. It restores equality in our social  safety net rather than continuing to distort it. Please support my  amendment.   Madam Chairwoman, I yield back the balance of my time.   