 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to push back against what  could become one of the greatest government surveillance threats of our  time, a central bank digital currency, or CBDC.   My amendment would simply prohibit funding for the CBDC Working Group  led by the Treasury Department. A CBDC, commonly referred to as a  digital dollar, would be issued and easily tracked by the Federal  Government.   Make no mistake, a Federal digital dollar can very easily be used to  spy on American citizens and become a social credit system. In  Communist China, the digital yuan is being used to spy on its citizens  and crack down on dissent. Do not think for a second that the Biden  administration would not use a digital dollar to track your gun  purchases.   House Republicans have been clear that the Federal Reserve does not  have the authority to issue a digital dollar without an act of  Congress, and we reaffirmed that in the Financial Services  [[Page H5626]]  Committee, on which I serve. However, right now the Federal Reserve is  contracting with the private sector to build potential digital dollars  for the United States far beyond what could be considered traditional  research.   Early last year, President Biden issued an executive order directing  government agencies to study creating a Federal digital currency, which  led to the creation of this CBDC Working Group. This working group is  vaguely tasked with supporting the Federal Reserve's central bank  digital currency efforts.   To be clear, Congress has not given the executive branch or the  Federal Reserve any direction when it comes to Federal digital  currencies. I am grateful that the underlying bill prohibits Federal  funding for the establishment of a Federal digital currency, but  Congress cannot give an inch. Regardless of your thoughts on a  potential digital dollar in the United States, I have severe concerns  that Congress should not surrender any authority on such a significant  issue.   If this White House wants to research a government surveillance tool  that the overwhelming majority of Americans oppose, that direction  should come from Congress. That is why my amendment prohibits funding  for the CBDC Working Group, to prevent the executive branch from  bypassing the will of Congress.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to push back against one of  the Securities and Exchange Commission's or SEC's many reckless and  irresponsible rules. My amendment simply prohibits funding for the  costly and unnecessary private fund adviser rule. I oppose this rule  because the overwhelming majority of private equity investments, which  this rule would affect, go to small businesses. This rule will have a  detrimental impact on the many small businesses across America and in  my home State of West Virginia.   Private funds are essentially pools of money collected from multiple  investors that the adviser then invests primarily in small- and medium- sized businesses. This SEC rule will reduce the ability of private fund  advisers to continue supporting small businesses in West Virginia and  America by placing burdensome compliance costs on these funds such as  new quarterly statements and annual audits.   Furthermore, the SEC has been unable to articulate how this rule will  increase funding for small businesses. Private fund advisers who manage  these funds are already well regulated and legally required to act in  the best interest of the investors. Unlike the public stock market, it  is wealthy individuals and sophisticated institutions like pension  funds and university endowments that invest in these private funds.  This is nothing more than regulating for the sake of regulating.   When the SEC proposed this rule, my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle expressed concerns about the negative impacts this rule would  have on small businesses. Just last year, Congress asked the SEC to  conduct a full economic analysis of this rule, which the commission  failed to do. Many of my colleagues also wrote to the SEC expressing  concerns about the negative effects and impact of this rule on the  [[Page H5627]]  access to funds for small companies. However, the SEC has not addressed  these concerns and has not adequately responded to letters sent by many  Members, including Chairman Womack.   Given high interest rates and the new capital rules that will further  restrict bank lending to companies, now is not the time to restrict the  ability of private funds to invest in West Virginia's thousands of  small businesses. According to the American Investment Council, 85  percent of equity-backed companies are small businesses, and 89 percent  of public pensions invest in private equity funds.   This rule would only unnecessarily restrict the efficient operation  of private funds, and it will crowd out smaller and emerging funds and  increase the costs to investors. SEC Commissioner Hester Peirce put it  best when she said that this rulemaking is ``ahistorical, unjustified,  unlawful, impractical, confusing, and harmful.''   Under Gary Gensler, instead of making the public markets more  attractive, the SEC has focused on making the private markets less  attractive. My amendment will refocus the SEC on its core mission of  protecting retail investors while promoting capital formation and  efficient markets. The private fund adviser rule needlessly imposes a  one-size-fits-all approach and restrictions on sophisticated  institutional investors.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and support funding  for the small businesses in their district. I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Womack).   