 Madam President, 4 months ago, the U.S. Senate, and then  the U.S. House, came together to ban the app TikTok on all Federal  Government devices--on tablets, on phones, on computers--on Federal  contractors and their devices as well.   We acted, just a few months ago, with a sense of urgency because we  decided that TikTok was a national security threat. A privacy threat?  Yes. A data threat? Yes. But above all, a national security threat. And  we were right to act just those few months ago.   And now we must take the next step: to ban TikTok nationwide, to  protect the security of every single American whose personal lives,  whose personal data, whose personal security is in danger from the  Chinese Communist Party in Beijing. And it is time to act now because  we have seen, just in the last week, the TikTok CEO come before the  U.S. Congress and confirm that the reasons we acted 4 months ago were  right and valid and that the need at this hour is urgent.   In this last week, we learned--I should say we confirmed from the  testimony of the TikTok CEO that TikTok has the ability to track  Americans' data, to track Americans' location, to track Americans'  personal lives--whether they want it to or not.   What am I talking about? Well, TikTok tracks your keystrokes. Now,  think about this for a second. It is not just the videos you may upload  if you have the app on your phone. It is not just the videos that you  watch. It is the keystrokes that you enter--and not just while you are  on the app. Oh, no. It tracks your keystrokes all the time--while you  are texting, what you are emailing. It tracks your contact list. It  reads your phone list.   We believe, based on independent third-party analysis, that it can  get into email. And it does this whether or not the user consents. In  fact, there is no way to turn it off. Americans are subject to this  ongoing data collection--at all hours of the day and night--even if  they have got TikTok turned off on their phone.   What else have we learned? Well, that TikTok is monitoring the  location of Americans. It is not just your keystrokes. It is your  location data. Where are you right now? What is it that you are doing?  Where are you moving to? Are you in a car? Are you in a building? On  what floor are you on? TikTok can use the settings of your phone to  track exactly where Americans are.   And we know that they have been doing this--TikTok has been gathering  this data--not just on American citizens but also on American  journalists. We know that they are able to see what journalists are  saying, to see where journalists are going.   New whistleblower revelations have shown that TikTok has spied on  particular American journalists and tried to track them, tried to learn  what they are writing, tried to control, in essence, or at least get an  understanding of what their message might be.   Think about this. An app on your phone that tracks your keystrokes,  that reads your personal information, that tracks journalists around,  that tracks your location--you can't do anything about it. And we  haven't even gotten to the worst part.   The worst part is all of this information is accessible to engineers  based in China, accessible to the Chinese Communist Party.   When he was asked about this last week, the CEO of TikTok didn't deny  this espionage. No, what he said instead is, well, ``I don't think  spying is the right way to describe it.''   Maybe he preferred the word ``surveillance.'' Maybe he preferred the  word ``monitoring.'' Maybe he preferred the word ``tracking.'' But I  actually think ``spying'' just about captures it.   The problem with TikTok is not the videos on the app. The problem  with TikTok is, it is a backdoor for the Chinese Communist Party into  the personal lives and information into the most intimate details of  every American's life.   And we know the link between TikTok and the Chinese Communist Party  is real, and we know that it is strong. TikTok is a wholly owned  subsidiary of the Chinese parent company ByteDance. We know that  ByteDance has Chinese Communist Party members in its senior leadership.  In fact, ByteDance's editor in chief is a Communist Party secretary. We  know the Communist Party has done trainings for TikTok and ByteDance  personnel. We have video of it being done in Beijing, in China.   Whistleblowers have come forward to my office, and to others, and  given us evidence that China-based engineers are able to access  Americans' personal data at any time that they want. Again, the CEO did  not deny that last week. No.   The links to the Chinese Communist Party are real, and they are  inscribed in Chinese law. This isn't just a matter of what TikTok may  want to do. No. TikTok is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Chinese  parent company and is subject to Chinese law, which both the 2014  espionage law in that country and their 2017 national security law,  which required--required--the company to turn over data that the  Chinese Communist Party, that Beijing, may request. Under those laws,  they must make Americans' data available--must make it available--to  Chinese communist officials.  [[Page S1033]]    This is in addition to the CCP members who are actually senior  officials in these companies, who work in these companies, who have  access to Americans' data as I stand here and speak to you today.   The intent of China in all of this is quite clear. They want to build  a profile on every single American. We know that many of the recent  data hacks of credit agencies, of other digital repositories of  Americans' personal information have been carried out by communist  China. They are hungry for information about the American people. They  are gathering it on everybody that they can, as much as they can--just  like they do to their own citizens. And they are using the app TikTok  to do it.    Of course, that is not the only way that the Chinese Communist Party  has tried to gather information on Americans. This is certainly not the  only time that they have done it. Think about the Confucius Institutes  all across the country that the CCP funded on America's college  campuses. Think about the researchers they funded and tried to place  into key programs, key institutes and universities all across the  country. Heaven's sake, think about the Chinese spy balloon that just  went over this country, right over my home State of Missouri, just a  few weeks ago, photographing everything that they could.   Now, this is a pattern. The difference is, in those cases, we  addressed it. We shut down the Confucius Institutes. Those who have  lied about their money that they have gotten from China, the funding  that they have gotten, have in some cases been prosecuted for attempted  espionage on America's college campuses, and the spy balloon was  belatedly shot down--but shot down, at least.   Now, we have taken action in these other instances to protect  Americans to stop the efforts of the CCP to spy on America, to collect  Americans' data, to put Americans at risk. And now we must do the same  thing with TikTok.   This is why President Trump and the previous administration tried to  ban it. Let's not forget this isn't the beginning of this debate. This  is the end of it. We have been at this for years now.   Years ago, the last administration tried to ban TikTok for all of  these same national security reasons that led us as a Congress to ban  it on Federal devices.   This has been a long time coming. There is no rush to judgment here.  This is what administration after administration has concluded; that it  is time to take action.   Here is the real truth that if it were the Confucius Institutes, the  Chinese spy balloon, if it were some American company that was  coordinating with a foreign ally, we would shut it down immediately.  And we have done it in these other cases. But with TikTok, now TikTok  says: Oh, no, no, no, no. You can't do that to us. You can't hold us  accountable. We have a special carve-out. No, we have the First  Amendment. The First Amendment protects us.   Well, I must have missed the class in law school where we covered the  First Amendment right to spy. The last time I checked my Constitution,  there was no such protection. And I can be darn sure that there is no  special First Amendment carve-out for communists.   Now, the First Amendment may protect dance videos, sure; upload those  all you want. But the First Amendment does not protect the right to spy  on American citizens. It does not protect espionage. It does not  protect what the Chinese Communist Party is trying to do in harvesting  the data of millions of Americans.   Now, TikTok has no special First Amendment carve-out. They don't get  special privileges that no other entity or an American company would  get. They are subject to the same rules. And when you try to spy on  American citizens, when you try to use Americans' own phones as portals  for collection, that ought to be stopped. You ought to be banned.   And the fact that they are a China-based company shouldn't help them  or hurt them. The fact is, their ties to Beijing, their ties to the  CCP, their ongoing efforts at espionage, and their ongoing lies, by the  way, to this body--this is a company that has come before this body and  lied time and time again. They said that they weren't controlled by  ByteDance. Now we know they are. They said that China's China-based  engineers couldn't access American user data. Now we know they can.   They said that the CCP had no influence. And yet last week, the CEO  of TikTok couldn't even confirm that the CCP hadn't helped write his  talking points. Now, this is an entity--this is a corporate interest-- that is influenced, if not, controlled, by the Chinese Communist Party.   The national security risks are severe and growing worse. And I  haven't even talked about--I haven't even talked about--the materials  on suicide promotion that you will find on TikTok. I haven't talked  about the risks to mental health that it may pose.   And there is a reason that TikTok isn't even available in China. Did  you know that? In China, TikTok isn't available. Why is that? Well, it  is because Beijing isn't stupid. They know it is ``digital'' fentanyl.   TikTok wasn't designed to make our lives better. TikTok is designed  to addict and then to be used as a gateway into our personal lives. It  is designed to addict and then to be used as a portal to spy on  American citizens.   Now, I tell you what, here is one thing that has changed since just  December, a few months ago, when we banned TikTok on Federal Government  devices. TikTok has gone into full damage control mode. And as Big Tech  companies do all the time, they hired a fleet of lobbyists and have  spent untold amounts of cash. I am told that even today TikTok  lobbyists have been seen here in the building. I have no doubt that  they are scurrying around right now. Maybe they are in the Gallery.    I just say this: We have the opportunity today to send a message to  this corporate interest that the U.S. Senate is not for sale; that we  cannot be bought; that we cannot be purchased; that we cannot be  influenced by their lobbying campaign, by their corporate money; that  we will instead side with the American people. We will tell the truth  about what this app is. We will do our jobs and protect Americans.   Now, some say that we ought to have a broader bill that would not  actually ban TikTok but would give new authority to the executive  branch and leave it open. I don't agree with that. My view is, we  should act decisively to ban TikTok directly. We shouldn't give new,  open-ended authority to Federal bureaucrats; we should target this  threat specifically. That is what this bill does that we have before us  today. It goes right at the problem. It bans TikTok in this country. It  protects the American people, and it sends the message to communist  China that you cannot buy us.   I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Banking, Housing, and  Urban Affairs be discharged from further consideration of S. 85 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Would the Senator from Kentucky entertain a question?    Madam President, I have never before heard on this floor  a defense of the right to spy. I didn't realize that the First  Amendment contained a right to espionage.   The Senator from Kentucky mentions the Bill of Rights. I must have  missed the right of the Chinese Government to spy on Americans in our  Bill of Rights, because that is what we are talking about here.   The Senator from Kentucky can watch as many dance videos as he wants.  I have no objection to that. He can watch them on this floor for all I  care. Fine. What I object to is the Communist Chinese Party using this  app on Americans' phones to spy on Americans without their consent.   The Senator says that Americans can simply not use this app, just  turn it off. That is not the case. If you turn it off, it continues to  collect information. You don't need to consent. TikTok doesn't ask you  do you want to share your information; it takes it. It doesn't ask you  for permission to track your location; it takes it. It doesn't ask you  for permission to share it with the Chinese Communist Party; it just  does it. That is the problem.   Scour the Constitution. Scour the First Amendment. I promise you, you  won't find any right to espionage. You won't find any right to spy. And  this novel right that the Senator thinks he has discovered for  Americans to be spied upon--I never heard of such a thing in the  history of this country. I am astounded to learn that Americans have  the right to be spied upon.   So not only does China apparently get the right to spy in the First  Amendment, Americans have the inalienable right to be spied upon and  have all of their data taken from them. That, apparently, is democracy.   That is not democracy. That is the abuse of our laws, the abuse of  our economy, the abuse of our people by a foreign government for its  purposes.   So I say again, watch dance videos to your heart's content; but spy  on Americans, that is where we have to draw the line.   As to money, the Senator said--and I think he is exactly right--that  TikTok wants to make money. No doubt about it. And, my, the money they  are making; and, my, the money that they are showering on this  building. And it is having an effect.   But in the end, the American people don't want to be treated as  commodities to be bought and sold, because--make no mistake--it is the  American people who are being bought and sold here by TikTok.   They are being sold to the Chinese Communist Party for influence and  money. They are being sold for the wishes and the whims of Beijing, and  they are being lied to every step of the way.   I will yield to the Senator from Florida.    Madam President, let me just finish with this, that the  Senator from Kentucky decried the collection of personal data by  American social media companies--and he is right to do that, by the  way. I am concerned about that, too, no doubt. But he pointed out that  many American social media companies collect all of this information,  that they do it without users' consent, sometimes they sell it to third  parties for profit, and you can't necessarily opt out of it. All fair  enough, but he is protecting exactly what he decries.   The difference is with TikTok, that information is going to a hostile  foreign government. It is not a market. It is total control.   So I would just say this to Americans out there who are using TikTok:  Just know this--we need to tell you the truth about this app. Just know  this: If you have it on your phone, it is tracking your key strokes; it  is tracking your movements; it is tracking your location; and it is  sending that information--whether you want it sent or not--to Beijing,  to the Communist Chinese Party, where it can be accessed by anybody  there who wants it, under China's national security laws.   That is a threat to your personal security, and that is why we should  act to ban it.   Let me just finally ask the Senator from Kentucky--he and I talked  about this before--would the Senator consider allowing us to set a  rollcall vote, an up-or-down rollcall vote? Not unanimous consent  passed but, as I said, a rollcall vote at a time certain. Would the  Senator consent to that?    Madam President, I would just say in conclusion that the  security risk from TikTok led us to ban it 4 months ago for the Federal  Government. The facts cannot be denied, which is why the TikTok CEO had  nothing to say a week ago. He could not deny any of these facts. The  truth will carry the day, and we will continue to fight.   I yield the floor.   