 Mr. Speaker, my favorite part of this building is not  the rotunda or Statuary Hall or even this Chamber. It is a simple quote  painted above a door downstairs. It is, ``When tillage begins, other  arts follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of human  civilization.'' It was written by  [[Page H1965]]  Daniel Webster in 1840. It is just simply time for some more truth- telling.   It is disingenuous to say publicly that we are ``all of the above''  for American energy if we do not embrace biofuels.   Simultaneously, it is disingenuous to set policy that de facto  abolishes petrochemicals and yet admits that we will be dependent on  them for at least another decade. Both positions have been made in this  Chamber.   I find this to be either duplicitous or foolish, and I choose to be  neither.   Our first President, who overlooks this body, was clear about public  policy and agriculture. ``It will not be doubted . . . agriculture is  of primary importance. In proportion as nations advance in population  and other circumstances of maturity this truth becomes more apparent,  and renders the cultivation of the soil more and more an object of  public patronage.''   This was written 9 years after the signing of the Declaration of  Independence, and when Washington says ``more and more'' he  acknowledges that agriculture has always been an object of public  patronage and must always be.   The initial writing of this bill did not acknowledge that. It did not  stand with the farmers, and I will always stand with our farmers.   Early this morning, our Conference made great strides in recognizing  our farmers by including elements of my amendment that protect our corn  growers and biofuel industries.   With that said, if this final bill as returned from the Senate  includes further provisions that do not show the proper respect for our  farmers, our national security, or the future of nuclear energy, I will  not vote for its passage. There will be no further negotiations from my  office.   To be clear, I voted for Kevin McCarthy for Speaker because I  believed that he was the person called at this moment to lead this  Conference and this body, and I don't feel that my 15 votes were in  error. I have full confidence that he will take the opportunity to keep  his word to this body and to the American people, and this confidence  was earned by his willingness to remove several devastating provisions  from this bill.   I remind my friends, as Members of this body, we did not take an oath  to the Republican Party or the Democratic Party, we didn't take an oath  to the President. We all took the same oath to the Constitution. With  this oath came a responsibility to the people that we represent.   In reference to this current discussion on the debt ceiling, our  first President articulated this in a manner that for such a young  country can only be described as timeless: ``No pecuniary consideration  is more urgent than the regular redemption and discharge of the public  debt. On none can delay be more injurious or an economy of time more  valuable.''   By President Biden refusing to negotiate with this body, he is adding  to a growing train of usurpations of the constitutional authority  vested in us by the people that sent us here to represent them. This is  no more appropriate now than it was when Thomas Jefferson wrote it.   It is our obligation to get Speaker McCarthy to the table. It is  Speaker McCarthy's burden to get the President to a place that can both  meet our collective obligations articulated by George Washington and to  secure the future for both our progenitors and our progeny.   I will support this bill. I will vote in favor of it, and I encourage  all my colleagues to join me in doing so.   