 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this  resolution to expel George Santos from Congress, as I did in May when I  cosponsored a similar expulsion resolution that the sponsors of today's  resolution, my Republican colleagues from New York, did not support.   I agree with everything that my Republican colleagues have said here  today, but everything they have said here today was also true in May  when they voted to protect George Santos.   Has there been anything that has changed? Nothing about the numerous  lies that Mr. Santos admitted himself to making in order to deceive his  voters into electing him, nothing about his status as an indicted  criminal defendant. Yes, there has been a superseding indictment with  more allegations of criminal conduct, but he is still presumed innocent  until proven guilty, as my New York friends relied upon in May when  they voted to protect George Santos from expulsion.   Nothing has changed from the Ethics Committee, even though one of my  colleagues from New York said that the Ethics Committee would expedite  its investigation and release a report 60 days from the date of that  May vote. Well, we are now 175 days since then and there is no ethics  report that would prompt a change of heart.   One thing that has changed is that Mr. Santos' campaign treasurer  pled guilty to fraud and admitted under oath that she conspired with  Mr. Santos to fabricate a nonexistent $500,000 loan to his campaign,  but the resolution drafted by my friends from New York does not even  mention that new fact.   What really has changed since May? Is it because we are learning  revelations of connections between Mr. Santos and our other Republican  colleagues from New York serving in this body? Maybe. There is  certainly one  [[Page H5216]]  thing we know that is motivating this change of heart: the 2024  election.   I know that the people of New York care about integrity. They care  that one of their Republican Representatives is a liar and a fraud.  They care about the fact that Mr. Santos has done nothing to serve his  constituents yet still provides a loyal and vital vote to the  Republican Party.   George Santos hangs like an albatross around the necks of every  single Republican from New York. They don't care any more today about  integrity or morality or the reputation of this institution than they  did in May when they voted to protect Mr. Santos. They just care about  their reelection in 1 year, when they know that their support for  George Santos is going to be a problem.   Mr. Santos should be expelled from Congress today for the same  reasons that he should have been expelled in May. He himself admitted  to numerous lies that he made during the campaign to deceive the  voters. He is only walking these Halls and voting on this floor because  of those lies. Now, we have additional testimony that he conspired to  commit fraud.   Democrats will once again vote to expel someone who should never have  had the honor of walking these Halls and voting on legislation  affecting the American people. The only question is whether Republicans  care more about honor and integrity than they do about political power.   I hope the answer is yes, but I fear the answer is no.   