 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to  H.R. 277, the REINS Act. My amendment would insert a key provision  included in my legislation, the LIBERTY Act, to ensure that  economically significant guidance documents are subject to public  notice and comment periods and much-needed congressional oversight.   While agency rules and regulations are subject to congressional  oversight, guidance documents are not. As a result, the President can  use guidance documents to sidestep congressional review and prevent  Americans from weighing in on decisions made by their government.   Guidance documents were never intended to be used by Presidents to  unilaterally enact their agenda, but today, that is precisely what we  are seeing. For example, President Biden has attempted to use guidance  documents to implement his $450 billion student loan bailout, Medicaid  expansion, and to make it easier to deny future natural gas pipelines.   As a result, it has become clear that Congress must exert its  authority to ensure that guidance documents cannot be used without any  review or accountability. My amendment would guarantee just that.   The principle underpinning this amendment is simple: our government  was founded by the people and for the  [[Page H2913]]  people, and duly elected Representatives must be able to hold the  executive branch to account.   No matter which party holds the White House, no President Republican  or Democrat should be able to implement their agenda without first  giving the American people the opportunity to weigh in on that agenda.   Madam Chair, that is why I ask that you support this amendment to  strengthen the REINS Act and to provide Washington with a much-needed  dose of transparency and accountability to the American people.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairman, I thank the ranking member for his  reply, and I appreciate his concern.   I would simply say this: all of us regardless of our political  affiliation should be invested in reining in the power of the executive  and holding the President accountable to the people. That is not  happening in the status quo, which is why my amendment and the  underlying bill is so important.   Guidance documents were never intended to allow bureaucrats to make  sweeping decisions without any oversight, but that is what they have  become.   Economically, significant guidance documents, like President Biden's  student loan bailout, will have major effects on our country and must  be subjected to proper oversight. That is what my amendment aims to  achieve: a commonsense, good governance reform that keeps the American  people in control of their government.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   