 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, right now, President Biden and other  NATO leaders are convening in Lithuania. The way I see it, there are  four key objectives for this important summit: securing more Western  support for Ukraine; improving NATO's own military capabilities;  strengthening collective resolve against the primary threats posed by  China, Russia, and terrorists; and welcoming Sweden to the alliance. I  am encouraged by the progress NATO is making towards each of these  objectives, but there is more work to be done.   As transatlantic leaders confer about how to help Ukraine defeat  Russian aggression, it is significant they are doing so in a Baltic  country--itself once a ``captive nation'' subjected to decades-long  Soviet occupation. The Baltics' proud history of resistance drives  their active contributions to NATO and extensive contributions from  their own arsenals to Ukraine's fight.   Decades after the fall of the Soviet Union, brutal Russian occupation  has now found a new target, and the fate of Ukraine's resistance  continues to depend on Western support. Western allies should use this  week's summit to commit even more critical capabilities to tip the  balance of forces in Ukraine's favor.  [[Page S2293]]    Time is of the essence for allies to increase production of critical  munitions and to send longer range, more sophisticated, and more lethal  systems to the frontlines. In this regard, I welcome President Biden's  decision to provide Ukraine cluster munitions to improve its defense  against Russian invaders.   However overdue, these munitions will both improve Ukraine's  capability to strike Russian forces and compensate for shortfalls in  standard artillery rounds. Despite vocal opposition from his own party,  the President ultimately made the right call.   The fact of the matter is, Russia has been using cluster munitions  for months in Ukraine. American cluster munitions have a substantially  lower failure rate than the Russian munitions. And while the risk of  unexploded ordnance is not zero, it is fantasy to believe that wars can  be fought without risk.   Here is the bottom line: It should be up to Ukraine whether to employ  these effective weapons on its own soil.   Plenty of liberals have criticized President Biden for this decision.  The New York Times editorial board suggested that helping Ukraine match  capabilities its aggressors are already using amounts to ``a clear  escalation of the conflict.'' The senior Senator from Vermont suggested  yesterday that the President should be concerned about what ``the rest  of the world feels'' about these weapons. Never mind that providing  these capabilities to Ukraine will save lives by facilitating a  counteroffensive designed to stop Russia's conscious efforts to kill  civilians.   If liberals are truly concerned about civilian casualties in Ukraine,  they should support giving our friends the capabilities they need to  end Russia's brutal war.   The stakes are simply too high for leaders in Washington to let their  own naivete and virtue signaling get in the way of reality. Ukraine's  war will not be won with yard signs or hollow promises to hold Putin  accountable; it will be won with weapons.   The same rules apply to future conflicts we hope to deter. Unity is  important, but hard power will be decisive. On this front, NATO is  making progress toward rebuilding the hard power many allies allowed to  atrophy. Every member of the alliance now spends at least 20 percent of  its defense budget on actual capabilities. Our allies are making  progress toward spending 2 percent of GDP on defense, and more than  half of the alliance should hit that goal by the end of next year. But  we should agree that 2 percent is a floor, not a ceiling, for our  commitments to collective defense. Our allies should invest in critical  capabilities and modern systems that add to NATO's combat power, and  they should revive defense industrial bases that have languished since  the Cold War.   Certainly, another clear way to strengthen NATO is to welcome Sweden  to the alliance. Like Finland, Sweden is a high-tech economy with a  strong industrial base. Its leaders are committed to contributing to  the alliance and are investing even more significantly in an already  capable military.   I am encouraged that President Erdogan and Prime Minister Orban have  agreed to support Sweden's accession, and I look forward to rapid  action by the Turkish and Hungarian Parliaments.   For America's part, it is past time for the Senate to consider the  National Defense Authorization Act. We have an obligation to ensure the  U.S. military remains the world's preeminent fighting force, capable of  deterring and defeating enemy aggression.   The Senate will have an opportunity to lead our allies by example as  soon as the Democratic leader brings the NDAA to the floor.   