 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the  opportunity to speak.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a true American hero, a  Louisiana legend, Dr. Rudy Lombard.   My bill, H.R. 996, would designate the post office located at 3901  MacArthur Boulevard in New Orleans, Louisiana, in the heart of Algiers,  where the Lombard and Carter families grew up for multiple generations,  as the Dr. Rudy Lombard Post Office.   This is a testament to the unforgettable legacy Dr. Lombard left on  our city and our Nation. Born in my hometown of Algiers in 1939, Rudy  Lombard was known for his determination to make a difference.   As a young college student at Xavier University, Dr. Lombard was a  pillar of strength during the height of segregation. His leadership was  evident when he fearlessly commanded the CORE Four in a sit-in at  McCrory's Five and Dime, challenging the unjust shackles of Jim Crow  laws.   Their journey to the Supreme Court in 1963 in the landmark Lombard v.  Louisiana case was not just a legal triumph but a pivotal movement in  the fight against segregation, setting precedents that broke down  discriminatory practices.   Dr. Lombard's commitment to equality extended far beyond those early  years. Decade after decade, he stood in the forefront addressing  inequities in civil rights, challenging economic and cultural  empowerment, and tirelessly advocating for public health.   His life was a testament to the power of one individual to spark  change and to build coalitions to stand against injustices.   Today, we are not just bestowing an honor on a distinguished  individual, we are cementing a legacy, recognizing a man whose life  exemplified leadership by example.   Dr. Lombard was not only a standard-bearer, but he was also a force  for positive change, a catalyst for movements that brought people  together.   In leading this bipartisan initiative, I am honored to stand beside  the entire Louisiana Congressional Delegation who recognize the  importance of preserving Dr. Lombard's memory.   I personally thank my colleagues for standing with me. I pray this  serves as a reminder to future generations that the struggle for  justice is, in fact, real and the impact for one's personal commitment  can resonate across the ages. Yes, one person can make a difference.  Dr. Rudy Lombard certainly has done just that for generations and  generations to come, with his courage, his leadership, and his  commitment.   This honor today is a small token to recognize and pay homage to his  great leadership.   Mr. Speaker, may we all strive to emulate the spirit of Dr. Rudy  Lombard in our service to the American people. I urge a favorable  passage.   