 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to encourage my colleagues to  support my amendment to the appropriations for the Department of the  Interior to prohibit any funds from being used to finalize President  Biden's proposed rule which would list two species of mussels in the  Rio Grande River as ``endangered'' and their habitat as ``critical.''   Unfortunately, it appears to me that our President cares more about  the Mexican mussel and protecting this critical habitat than protecting  the American people against violent Mexican drug cartels who he has  ceded control of our border to.   The only critical habitat that is endangered along the Rio Grande--I  can say this as a Texan who has been there multiple times--are the  people in the communities living alongside the Rio Grande because of  the deluge of people, crime, and drugs pouring into our communities not  only in Texas but throughout the country.   It is clear and evident to everyone in this country that our  President has failed in his first and most important job, to provide  for the common defense, to enforce the laws of the land, and to secure  our sovereign border.   Eight million people have crossed our border illegally. Just in this  past year, almost 3.5 million, a record. Last month, 270,000, a record.  Record drug flow. Record migrant deaths. Record abuses and humanitarian  crimes.   Title 8 of the U.S. Code says that no citizen can induce someone to  break the law and they cannot harbor lawbreakers, but that is exactly  what is going on. In title 8 of the Federal code, they call it aiding  and abetting criminals. That is what our Federal Government, under our  Commander in Chief and CEO, President Biden, is sanctioning and  legitimizing.   Thankfully, there is a section in the Constitution, Article I,  Section 10, that affirms that States have the sovereign right of self- defense. When there is an invasion or States experience imminent danger  such that will not permit delay, they have the sovereign right to  protect themselves.   Here is the deal. President Biden isn't only abdicating his first and  most important responsibility as President and Commander in Chief, he  is infringing on States like Texas and their right to defend themselves  and their citizens.   This is the case with this Mexican mussel. He is harassing our  Governor and State leaders as they desperately try to do what he has  failed to do, and that is secure our sovereign border and protect the  citizens of Texas.   Mr. President, if you want to protect mussels in the Rio Grande  River, stop illegal crossings, not the buoys in the States that are  desperately trying to protect their citizens.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I find it rich with irony that the  President decides, in this administration, after Governor Abbott and  our State leaders--in a desperate attempt to protect their citizens and  our sovereign border as a result of the failure and abdication of  border security, which is a national security issue and a  responsibility of our Federal Government--put out these buoy barriers  to prevent people from taking the dangerous trek across the river and  to uphold the law of the land.   Here comes our President, who I think--and I hate to impugn such bad  motives to our President, but I think he is more concerned about  appeasing the open border left than he actually is about the Mexican  mussel, quite frankly. He didn't care that there were millions of  people crossing the border illegally, trampling this very ``critical  habitat'' of the Mexican mussel.   Never once was that an issue for the Secretary of the Interior or  this administration until Texans decided to stand up and fight for the  safety of their citizens and to again honor and uphold the rule of law  and our sovereignty as a State.   That is an indication that maybe this President isn't quite concerned  about critical habitat.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   