 Mr. President, first, I know that we will be voting on  shortly the resolution showing our support for the State of Israel from  the horrible attack by Hamas. I just really want to thank our  colleagues for the cooperation in getting this resolution before us.  Right after this horrific attack, I worked with Senator Risch to show  bipartisan support to draft the resolution that would express our  strong support for Israel, that we had their back, that  [[Page S5100]]  we stand shoulder to shoulder with them, and that it enjoyed the  support of the U.S. Senate.   I want to thank Senator Schumer and Senator McConnell for their  leadership in being able to bring this up for a vote today. It is a  clear message that the United States stands with the State of Israel;  that Israel has the right to defend itself; that it has the obligation  to defend itself. We certainly have made it clear that if any of the  enemies of Israel try to take care of this situation, they better think  twice because the United States has made it clear that we will not  tolerate such actions. And we have also made it clear that the hostages  need to be released safely, immediately.   So it is a clear message, and we know that President Biden's presence  in the Middle East was also a clear message. I want to thank the  President for what he has done, and we are now hopeful that we are  going to get some humanitarian assistance in to the innocent people who  are being affected by this campaign.   And I must tell you, we are working very hard to make sure that we  maintain the efforts toward normalization. We know that Hamas is trying  to derail that. We are working very energetically to get back on track  the Saudi-Israel normalization talks. But today, we have a chance in  the U.S. Senate to speak with one voice.   I am proud of the action we are going to be taking this afternoon. I  want our brothers and sisters in Israel to know they are not alone,  that America is with them.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   