 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the DETERRENT Act is an important bill.  It seeks to hold colleges, universities, and foreign actors accountable  while providing the transparency necessary into any influence foreign  countries are attempting to exert onto our Nation's students and  academic institutions through new disclosure requirements. This bill  could not be more timely.   My amendment will clarify that ties to a designated terrorist  organizations, such as Hamas, must be disclosed when receiving funds  from a foreign group or individual.   In light of the disgustingly callous and vile pro-Hamas demonstration  seen on college campuses across the country, including, sadly, even in  my own district, this amendment is more important than ever.   Mr. Chair, I will remark that after comments made by college and  university presidents in my colleague, Dr. Foxx from North Carolina's,  committee hearing, those comments were so horribly dishonest,  disturbing, and, quite frankly, dangerous.   This amendment and the necessary exclamation point it sends is  necessary.   The public deserves to know the source of foreign money being poured  into our universities, especially if these sources have any ties to  terrorist groups and organizations like Hamas.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to adopt the amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, there is adequate capacity for colleges  and universities across this country to identify the source of funds  such as this.   In fact, we know all too often that there are individuals even  working within the Federal Government who have ties and have associated  themselves with actions of Hamas. We have the technology to do so. And  simply expecting that universities do their due diligence and then  disclose to the American people, students, and supporters of those  universities is certainly not a bar too great for them to meet.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   