 The Senator from Missouri is absolutely right about  the horror of the Hamas terrorist attacks on Israel.   I was at the Kfar Aza kibbutz at the end of June. That was the site  of one of the massacres--50 people gunned down, killed: dads, moms,  kids. We have to condemn the horror of the Hamas attack in the  strongest of terms. And we will, as a body, make sure that we stand by  our ally and partner Israel as it prosecutes its fight against Hamas.  Not only does Israel have the right to defend itself, it has an  obligation and duty to its people to defend itself.   I am confident that in the coming days, the U.S. Senate will provide  more than just words of support--those are very important, and I want  to applaud the President of the United States for what he has been  doing--but also tangible support.   This resolution is not about condemning Hamas's attacks on Israel.  [[Page S5101]]  What this resolution does is condemn certain speech around the country.   Now, let me just say to my colleague from Missouri: I stand with  anybody and second to none when it comes to condemning anti-Semitism,  whether in words or in actions. And I have stood up throughout my time  in public service to do exactly that. If the Senator from Missouri  wants to bring to the floor of the Senate a resolution condemning anti- Semitism, a resolution that points out what we just saw from the most  recent FBI statistics about the rise in anti-Semitism, I will join with  him in that effort. But what this resolution does is attempts to smear  students, many of whom engaged in anti-Semitic remarks but many who did  not.   My view is that when you come to the Senate floor to pass such a  resolution and you are talking about freedom of speech, it is very  important not to paint a broad brush and condemn everybody engaging in  speech.   This is what this resolution does. It is an attempt to say, even to  those who had legitimate--legitimate--statements to make about war and  peace, to smear them all as making anti-Semitic remarks.   I would also say to my colleague that there have been a lot of other  anti-Semitic remarks around the country, from radio show hosts to  others. And if we want to make it a practice of regularly coming to  condemn remarks--hateful remarks--whether anti-Semitic or racist or  anti-gay or whatever it may be, then the U.S. Senate is going to have  to think long and hard about doing exactly that.   I heard you mention violence. Most of these protests--as repugnant as  some of them were in terms of the words--were not violent. The one  terrible violent hate crime we have seen in the United States since  Hamas's awful attack was the 6-year-old Palestinian-American Muslim boy  in Chicago stabbed 27 times.   You mentioned here, ``Whereas Columbia University was forced to close  its campus to the public after an Israeli student was violently  assaulted,'' I ask whether my colleague from Missouri wants to also  include in the resolution violent acts. They were hate crimes. The  police have said these were hate crimes. He was attacked because he was  a Muslim. I don't see any condemnation of that in this resolution.  Nothing.   So I would stand with my colleagues in standing up to hateful  rhetoric, condemning anti-Semitism. But what this resolution does--what  this resolution does--is not that.    I would be happy to yield.    I am not suggesting to my colleague that any  particular statement that he took out from these protests was a  legitimate statement. No. No. But what you are doing here--what you are  doing here--is smearing all of the students who engage in these  protests--yes, you are--and that is wrong.   I would just invite you, again, to join with me--if we are going to  get in this practice--and I don't suggest it; this is one of the  reasons I am here--of when there are terrible, hateful remarks made  against any group, whether they be Blacks or other minority groups, the  U.S. Senate maybe will weigh in, but--   --on this issue--    There are student groups that may have legitimate  concerns, for example, about--just a minute--legitimate concerns about  the loss of innocent civilian life in Gaza.    No. No. No.   But what you are doing is saying--you are questioning--based on  certain remarks made by some students, you are questioning them all.    I object.    Mr. President, if I may, I have to----    I have got another meeting, but I object.   