 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, it is a great privilege to be able to be here today to  salute my friend, a fine man, a good man, and someone who has served  our country so admirably over the course of these last 12 years in  David Cicilline.   There is a quote from President John Adams that I want to share, our  second President who once said: ``But I fear that in every assembly,  members will obtain an influence, by noise not sense; by meanness, not  greatness; by ignorance, not learning; by contracted hearts, not large  souls.''   There are many places in our country in which his fears ring true  today, but one of the places where it does not is in Rhode Island  where, for the better part of the last decade, the people of Rhode  Island could rest easy knowing they had elected a leader who would  serve them admirably. A leader whose common sense was on full display  as a Member of the House leadership team.   I can remember very early in my tenure in Congress 5 years ago  learning from and being mentored by   David Cicilline as he chaired the  House Democratic Policy and Communications Committee, always willing to  help a new Member navigate the experience of serving in Congress.   His greatness was on full display during the course of the  investigation that he led as chairman of the Antitrust Subcommittee. As  his vice chair during that subcommittee investigation, I can tell you,  Mr. Speaker, firsthand just how hard he worked day in, day out.   The entrenched interests and the concentrated power that he fought  against day after day to ensure that that investigation would be done  and that ultimately the American public would benefit from it. Of  course, his learning was on full display during the course of both  Presidential impeachments over the course of the last 4 years, but, in  particular, during the second impeachment when Mr. Cicilline and I  stood together on the floor of the United States Senate when his  fidelity to the Constitution and his role in defending our democracy  was on full display to millions of Americans.   He has been an effective Representative for the people of Rhode  Island. He has been a tireless leader here in the United States  Congress. He has done his country and his State a great service. He has  been a dear friend, a dear, dear friend to so many of us in Congress.   In the last 5 years I have been here on the floor for quite a few  departing speeches from Members, people I considered friends. I have  yet to come to one in which the Chairwoman of the Appropriations  Committee, the Chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, the  Chairman of the Equality Caucus, the Speaker of the House, the former  chairman of our caucus have all gathered, except for today. It is a  reflection of just how special   David Cicilline is, the reach and  breadth of the support and friendships that he developed within the  House Democratic Caucus, which I believe will last long after he has  left this hallowed Chamber.   Mr. Speaker, I say thanks to Mr. Cicilline, the gentleman from Rhode  Island, for his service to our country. We will miss him, and we look  forward to seeing him again.   