 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this bill, and I  yield myself the such time as I may consume.   As ranking member of the Transportation, Housing and Urban  Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee, I take  pride in how the work of this subcommittee impacts the day-to-day lives  of every person in our country.   Whether it is working to improve morning commutes to work and to  school, fighting against the emissions that come along with moving  people and goods from one place to another, or ensuring every American  has a safe and stable place to call home, this bill touches the lives  of every American.   Yet, this bill undercuts the fundamental values of the American  people, and it does so at the expense of our lowest income families.  Rather than continuing investments to upgrade our outdated  infrastructure, this bill would weaken the safety of our transportation  workers and communities. Instead of reducing congestion on our roads,  delays at our airports, and bottlenecks at train stations, this bill  would make our daily commutes and travel times longer.   When we should be investing more resources in safe and stable  affordable housing to help the millions of American families that are  barely able to get by each month, this bill would eliminate the  opportunity for 22,000 working families to secure an affordable  mortgage or home to rent.   All in all, this bill trades the basic needs of everyday Americans  for the wants of the wealthiest. This message is made very clear when  the bill cuts more than $7 billion for freight, rail, transit, and port  infrastructure projects that span all 50 States and the District of  Columbia, urban and rural.   This includes a complete elimination of the Thriving Communities  program, striking out any new funding for the popular and bipartisan  RAISE and Mega grant programs, gutting funding for light rail, subways,  and bus projects by 82 percent, and slashing Amtrak's Northeast  corridor funding by 92 percent; crippling the entire national network  from Florida to New York, Texas to California, and in my own district,  from Chicago to Arkansas, Montana, and all the way to the Pacific  Northwest.    This bill also eliminates more than $2 billion for housing  development and community revitalization programs, based on merit and  need, I might add, including pulling back half a billion dollars  intended to make housing safer for low-income children and families.   A safe and stable roof over your child's head should not be a worry  for working parents already struggling to make ends meet. Yet, if  enacted into law, this bill would force millions of families, the  elderly, and the disabled to make even more difficult decisions each  day on whether to live in a home riddled with lead and mold, all while  the bill eliminates $25 billion from the Internal Revenue Service for  tax oversight for the wealthy, an agency that this bill does not even  have jurisdiction over.   Compounding these concerns are the several controversial policy  riders that unnecessarily attack high-speed rail, roll back  transportation safety, and call into question civil rights protections  for most Americans.   This bill does not represent what a majority of our constituents have  called on us to do, and I fear we have yet to see what additional cuts  may be taken within this bill to appease those Members calling for  draconian levels of spending, on the backs of everyday Americans.   As such, Mr. Chair, I respectfully cannot support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 8 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the ranking member of the Appropriations  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Waters), the ranking member of the Financial Services  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Payne).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Ms. Pressley).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I think I need to make clear at this point in time that the  infrastructure law, that supplemental funding cannot be used to run and  operate trains. This means these resources can do nothing to protect  current train service or the jobs that keep our trains running  smoothly.   In addition, the Northeast Corridor Commission estimates a $57  billion cost to address major and basic infrastructure along Amtrak's  100-year-old Northeast corridor with an additional $43 billion cost for  stations-related improvements to increase accessibility for riders.   I thank Chairman Cole for his leadership and his willingness to  accommodate as many requests as possible. He has been an honest broker  on this and kept the lines of communication open, which goes a long way  in this environment.   I also give my appreciation to his staff and mine, who have spent  tireless hours to get us to this moment. I look forward to working with  the chairman as we refine this process for fiscal year 2025. This  includes minority staff Christina Monroe, Jackie Kilroy, and Nora Faye;  Charlie from my office, and Doug Disrud with the majority and his  staff.   Beyond what has been said before, this is a bad bill at a bad time,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this en bloc amendment. This includes  amendments from both parties and was crafted through consultation  between the majority and the minority.   This amendment supports critical infrastructure, safety, and housing  programs to emphasize the importance of achieving robust investment.   Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment, I urge its adoption, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Wisconsin (Ms. Moore).    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Wisconsin.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Ohio (Mrs. Beatty.)    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to gentleman from  California (Mr. Garamendi).    Mr. Chairman, I support the en bloc amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise in reluctant opposition to this  amendment because while I strongly support the Consolidated Rail  Infrastructure and Safety Improvement Program, I do not support  diverting resources that are also necessary to support the Department's  investments in research and workforce development.   The Office of the Secretary's Research and Technology program  coordinates and collaborates with public and private partners to invest  in research that will make our transportation system more safe,  efficient, competitive, accessible, and sustainable.   OST-R has already been cut by almost 15 percent in this bill, and  another $10 million cut in research and these partnerships would be a  major step backward.   We simply cannot rob Peter to pay Paul. That said, it is good to see  a colleague on the other side of the aisle recognize the importance of  the CRISI program and the inadequacy of its current funding level, but  let's also be frank with each other. The bill we are talking about here  cuts the CRISI program by over $280 million. It is essentially cut in  half. A $10 million increase in this amendment in the context of $280  million in cuts isn't undoing so much damage.   The larger issue here is that the majority chose to write the T-HUD  bill to an allocation that does not adequately support the needs of the  agencies and programs within the bill. My friends across the aisle need  to stop wasting time and work with House Democrats to write spending  bills in accordance with the bipartisan Fiscal Responsibility Act.   Mr. Chair, I look forward to working with my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle to increase funding for the CRISI program once the  majority increases the allocation of the T-HUD bill. Again, I support  the intent of the increase of the CRISI program, but I do not support  the offset.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of my colleague's  amendment. The Thriving Communities Program facilitates the planning  and development of community revitalization activities to ensure that  underresourced and disadvantaged communities can access funding  provided in the bipartisan infrastructure law.   Many rural and Tribal communities that have suffered historic  disinvestment lack the resources and capacity to successfully develop  infrastructure projects and access critical Federal funding.   The elimination of the Thriving Communities Program is just another  example of my colleagues across the aisle turning their back on the  very communities they represent.   Mr. Chair, I strongly support my colleague's amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment to  cut funding for the Build America Bureau by more than half.   The Build America Bureau supports transportation and infrastructure  development projects by working closely with States, municipalities,  and project sponsors to provide technical assistance on preplanning and  project development. They help with applying for credit programs and  cultivate public-private partnerships.   This helps communities successfully develop projects and navigate  available public and private financing opportunities which require  significant capacity and expertise that can be a barrier for many  small, rural, or otherwise disadvantaged communities looking to access  capital.   We should support programs that make it easier to build, and I urge  my colleagues to reject this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Kim).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment and  its extreme proposal to zero out the National Network grants. Amtrak's  National Network trains carried 16.5 million people last year and  provided the only intercity public transportation in many small rural  communities.   Without this grant, nearly all of Amtrak's service outside of the  Boston-Washington Northeast Corridor--15 long-distance routes that are  the only Amtrak service in 23 States, and 28 State-supported short- distance routes funded through Amtrak State partnerships--would  disappear. That would include the Texas Eagle from Chicago to Arkansas.   How would I visit Mr. Womack or Mr. Hill in Arkansas without this,  just to name a few?   The funding in this committee bill is already woefully short of  ensuring the National Network is safe, reliable, and on time. Funding  for the National Network has already been cut by 35 percent, from $1.2  billion to $776 million which, if enacted, would radically reduce or  suspend service on rail lines across the country.   It also cuts funding for the Amtrak workforce of more than 20,000  employees, including almost 3,000 employees in the State of  Pennsylvania.   I support robust funding for Amtrak and its National Network so that  we can have safe and reliable passenger rail service across the  country. We need investments in rail, not these draconian cuts.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, let's dismiss the notion that we don't  subsidize all other forms of transportation, especially air travel.   If the private sector wants to take over air travel and pay for all  parts of airports and everything that comes with it, then so be it, but  that is not going to happen.   The fact of the matter is there are many benefits from having a  robust rail system that serves communities that would not otherwise  have them.   Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to join me  in doing so. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chair, tomorrow I think I will join the boondoggle  caucus just to find out everything that is going on with boondoggles  everywhere.   For the life of me, I can't understand why some of my Republican  Members and friends across the aisle take offense at projects that  increase safety on our roads while so many others support this and have  earmarks--or however we want to describe or call them--  [[Page H5457]]  it really doesn't make that much difference.   It is important to remember that these came under Republican guidance  that required a Federal nexus under this year's rules.   The committee project funding within this bill has gone through  extensive vetting by Republican and Democratic offices before being  submitted for review to the committee.   Let's make that even clearer. Every single one of the 127 transit  projects containing funding in this bill were submitted by a Republican  or a Democratic Member of this body.   Not only has each Member undertaken extensive vetting within their  districts to identify the project as a priority, but the Department of  Transportation has reviewed every single project and determined they  are eligible.   They are eligible based on guidance and requirements that our  Republican colleagues determined, including Federal law and regulation.   Those of you who are not aware, Republicans on the House  Appropriations Committee already voted to strip funding away from three  eligible projects simply because they benefit LGBTQ+ youth, seniors,  and allies.   We have seen this before. It is an overreach by Republican Members  for otherwise eligible projects so that based on their own ideology,  they can dictate how each individual Member should support their  district and constituents who voted them into office.   To my Republican colleagues who have funded transit projects in this  bill, what will you tell your transit agencies who put the sweat and  resources into submitting eligible projects for funding?   I would mention the folks who did that: Mr. Garcia, Mr. LaHood, Mr.  LaTurner, Mr. Moore, Mr. Pfluger, Mr. Rose, Mr. Rutherford, Mr.  Sessions, Mr. Valadao, and many, many more along those same lines.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, a quick thought on earmarks. In general, a  person doesn't like earmarks, but on the other hand, using the language  that they often use, they don't want some nameless, faceless bureaucrat  in D.C. making decisions on how their money is spent. It is one way or  the other.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr.  Cole).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to yet another anti- mobility amendment to eliminate funding for transit capital investment  grants.   The bill already cuts transit infrastructure by 82 percent. The  gentleman from Pennsylvania's previous amendment doubled down on that  by eliminating Member-sponsored transit projects.  [[Page H5458]]    The bipartisan infrastructure law authorized this program to receive  $3 billion for fiscal year 2024. Instead of debating an amendment to  get us closer to that amount, we are wasting our time reneging on yet  another bipartisan agreement.   This amendment would make it impossible for dozens of commuter rail  and bus projects already in the pipeline for construction grants to  move along in a timely manner. That includes the thousands of jobs  supported by those projects. In fact, for every $1 invested in public  transit, another $5 is leveraged.   Today, there are 69 projects across the Nation seeking funding under  this program, including such places as Huntsville, Alabama;  Indianapolis, Indiana; Rochester, Minnesota; Columbus, Ohio; Salt Lake  City, and Spokane, Washington.   While we often focus on the local benefits, the need for increased  mobility and access to job centers, medical care, and schools goes  beyond any one district.   Transit gets essential workers from home to the places many of us  rely on: hospitals, stores, service delivery hubs, and schools, not  only supporting thousands of jobs across the country but the local  economies that rely on these workers.   The American people are tired of seeing half complete construction  projects on the side of the road and deserve the confidence of this  body that their taxpayer dollars will result in real infrastructure  benefits.   Instead of cutting off funding for buses and subways and those  employed by and relying on these transportation systems, we should be  investing in these projects that give commuters more reliable service,  lower congestion on the roads, and make it a little easier to breathe.   I urge all my colleagues to reject this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, when President Eisenhower developed the  Interstate Highway System after coming back from Europe in the Second  World War, it wasn't brought to you by some corporate sponsor.   It is a recognition that there are things that government does that  have value. It accomplishes things the private sector can't or won't  do, and that doesn't mean they shouldn't get done. It is the whole  purpose of government.   We recognize it at this time when we are trying to be economically  competitive with the rest of the world that our economic competitors  are outspending us on the critical ingredient leading to economic  growth, which is, in large part, infrastructure. That is why the  trucking industry, the rail industry, and so many others were pushing  so hard to get that infrastructure bill done. It is why we have to do  that to keep growing the economy, which drives jobs and, indeed, tax  growth so we can pay for these things.   If we don't, and the roads and our transit systems become pothole- filled or inoperable, the economy will come to a standstill, as well.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton).    Mr. Chairman, I note that Mr. Connolly of Virginia plans  to submit a statement to the Record opposing this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Ms.  Spanberger).    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Ivey).    Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman  from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), and I move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Hoyer), the distinguished ranking member of the Financial Services and  General Government Subcommittee.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, can I just point out the absurdity of where  we are right now? Let's have two White guys talk about racial equality  and equity, but here goes.   Instead of focusing on investing in affordable housing and the safe,  efficient transportation infrastructure that powers our economy, we are  discussing several harmful anti-equality amendments that have no place  in this bill and are frankly a distraction.   The Diversity Council and related groups that my colleague objects to  include several affinity employee resource groups that provide  opportunities, resources, advocacy for fairness, and peer support for  HUD employees that are part of historically marginalized and  underrepresented groups such as people with disabilities, women, and  veterans.   We may not like the fact that those inequalities still exist, but  they do. It does no one any good to hear no evil, see no evil, and  speak no evil. The existence of these groups is not divisive. Instead,  it promotes inclusion.   I don't know why some of my Republican colleagues are so afraid of  the word ``equity'' or why they would stand in the way of efforts to  ensure that the needs of disabled, women, and veteran employees are met  so they are all treated equally and fairly.   It is and always will be a movement toward a more perfect union.  There was never anything in the Constitution or the Declaration of  Independence, or anything else you can go down the street and read in  another building, that tells us that we will ever have this  accomplished. Instead, it is easier to say it is divisive, it is not  necessary, it denies truth, or it denies history. That in itself is  destructive.   This amendment is unnecessary. It is divisive, offensive, and a deep  distraction. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment slashes funding for the HUD  office responsible for enforcement of fair housing law by 25 percent  below fiscal year 2023, undermining basic civil rights protections that  prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national  origin, sex, age, disability, and familial status.   This gutting of the office would result in the loss of an estimated  150 personnel who work to enforce the Fair Housing Act of 1968 and  other civil rights laws.   In addition to improper investigation of fair housing complaints, the  Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity coordinates with the  Department of Justice, trains fair housing practitioners, enforces VAWA  protections, manages grants, conducts civil rights reviews of HUD  investments, and develops policies that proactively advance housing  equity.   Mr. Chair, I have seen firsthand in Chicago how, for example, LGBTQ  youth--who are over-represented in the homeless population--can face  discrimination when attempting to access homeless shelters.   HUD guidance has played a critical role in clarifying the  responsibilities of housing providers and assisting them in how to best  promote fair and equal access.   Again, weakened civil rights enforcement hurts our most vulnerable  constituents the most. In 2021, 54 percent of fair housing complaints  nationwide were cases of discrimination on the basis of disability.   Housing affordability is not the only crisis Americans face when  seeking stable housing. Discrimination is a real challenge for people  with disabilities, veterans, seniors, and Tribal communities, and other  vulnerable populations.   Instead of hollowing out meaningful implementation of civil rights  protections, we should be taking every possible action to ensure  Americans are not falling prey to loopholes and the lack of  enforcement.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   