 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, I  appreciate my friend from Missouri. I appreciate his passion, and I  share his passion for reining in the abuses of Big Tech.   Big Tech has a lot that they are responsible for. The Senator from  Missouri is right that Big Tech is doing a lot of harm to our kids. The  Senator from Missouri is also right that Big Tech has been complicit in  the most far-reaching censorship of free speech our Nation has ever  seen. These are issues I have worked on for a long time--to rein in Big  Tech, to rein in censorship, to protect free speech.   However, the approach this bill takes I don't think substantively  accomplishes the goals that the Senator from Missouri and I both want  to accomplish. My concerns are both procedural and substantive.   Procedurally, this bill has not yet been debated. This bill hasn't  been considered by the Commerce Committee. This bill hasn't been marked  up. This bill hasn't been the subject of testimony to understand the  impact of what it would be.   The Commerce Committee, on which I am the ranking member, has a  strong tradition of passing legislation in its jurisdiction. To date,  22 bills have been reported out of the Commerce Committee.   I am more than happy to work with the Senator from Missouri--he and I  have worked on many issues together--on this bill, but we need to make  sure, when legislating in this area, that we are doing so in a way that  would be effective and that wouldn't have unintended consequences.   You know, when it comes to AI, AI is a transformative technology. It  has massive potential. It is already having massive impacts on  productivity, and the potential over the coming years is even greater.  There are voices in this Chamber--many on the Democrat side of the  aisle--that want government to play a very heavy hand in regulating AI.  I think that is dangerous. I want America to continue to lead  innovation.   Just this year in the United States, over $38 billion has been  invested in American AI startups. That is this year. That is more than  twice the investments in the rest of the world combined.   Look, there is a global race for AI, and it is a race we are engaged  in with China. China is pursuing it through government-directed funds.  It would be bad for America if China became dominant in AI. Right now,  the $38 billion that was invested this past year in American AI  companies is more than 14 times the investment of Chinese AI companies.  We need to keep that differential. We need to make sure America is  leading the AI revolution.   We also need to protect against the abuse of powers. The abuses my  friend talks about are real, and I agree that section 230 is too broad.  In fact, the last time this body considered legislation--successful  legislation--to rein in section 230 was in 2017. We had a robust debate  over reforms to section 230 to close the loophole for websites that  were profiting from sex trafficking on their platforms.   That bill, introduced by Senator Portman, the Stop Enabling Sex  Trafficking Act, ultimately gained 70 Senate cosponsors, received  extensive debate in committee, and passed out of the Senate with only  two ``no'' votes. I personally was proud to be an original cosponsor of  that important legislation, which is now law.   When it comes to section 230, we need to reform 230; but I believe  doing so across the board, simply repealing large chunks of it, is not  likely to be effective in the objective we want. When it comes to  censorship, repealing 230 would not eliminate censorship. In fact,  repealing 230, I fear, would lead to an increase in censorship.   What I have long advocated--and I am happy to work with the Senator  from Missouri on--is using section 230 reform to create an incentive  not to censor. In other words, repealing section 230 protection when  Big Tech engages in censorship, when Big Tech stifles free speech, they  lose their immunity from Congress in those circumstances, so that 230  becomes a safe harbor, an incentive, to have a free and open  marketplace for ideas. I think that is tremendously important.   It has been a passion of mine for years, and I know the Senator from  Missouri cares deeply about it as well. So I extend an offer to my  friend from Missouri, let's work together on this. But this bill right  now, I think, is not the right solution at this time. And so I object.    Sure.    Well, listen. It is a good question. And it is true. I am  quite open to using exposure to liability as a way to rein in the  excesses of Big Tech. But I think we should do so in a focused and  targeted way.   AI is an incredibly important area of innovation, and simply  unleashing trial lawyers to sue the living daylights out of every  technology company for AI, I don't think that is prudent policy.   We want America to lead in AI, and so I am much more of a believer of  using the potential of liability in a focused, targeted way to stop the  behavior that we think is so harmful, whether it is behavior that is  harming our kids--and I am deeply, deeply concerned about the garbage  that Big Tech directs at our children--or whether it is the censorship  practices.   I support the approach, but, in my view, it needs to be more targeted  and introduce the outcomes we want rather than simply harming American  technology across the board.   That shouldn't be our objective. Our objective should be changing  their behavior so that they are not engaging in conduct that is harmful  to American consumers and to American children and parents.   