 Mr. Speaker, it is painfully obvious to myself, my  colleagues, and the American people that the Republican Party is deeply  unserious and unable to legislate. Their censure resolution against me  today continues to demonstrate their inability to govern and serve the  American people.   Over the last 3 years, I have tirelessly fought for my district and  my constituents by bringing over $125 million to the district. I helped  save members of my community over $7 million and resolved over 6,500  constituent casework issues.   I have introduced over 50 bills, resolutions, and amendments, and I  had two bills on STEM education passed in the historic Chips and  Science Act.   Even today, as Republicans force a censure on me, I introduced a new  bill, the College Athlete Right to Organize Act, to ensure college  athletes get paid for their time and hard work. No matter the result of  the censure vote tomorrow, my constituents know I will always continue  to fight for them.   Fighting for my district includes working to prevent a government  shutdown. Just over 2 months ago, I was rushing to the Capitol to vote  and prevent a Republican shutdown. When I tried to exit a door that I  usually go through, it didn't open, and due to confusion and rush to go  vote, I pulled the fire alarm.   I immediately took responsibility and accountability for my actions  and pled guilty. Immediately. The legal process on this matter has  played out. In no way did I obstruct official proceedings. The vote  took place and Democrats were able to ensure we avoided a government  shutdown.   Unfortunately, Republicans are here trying to rehash an already  litigated matter. This is a matter in which the Republican-controlled  House Committee on Ethics decided not to proceed with any further  investigation.   This is an insult to the people I was elected to represent. Instead  of passing meaningful legislation for the American people, some  Republicans are  [[Page H6192]]  using this censure to waste our time and money. They are trying to make  you forget about all of the rights they want to destroy.   They are trying to make you forget they want to take away your  reproductive rights, your voting rights, your healthcare, your Social  Security, and your Medicare.   House Democrats have been trying to focus on and address the issues  the American people care about.   Can we please, please, please, please address the affordability  crisis?    Mr. Speaker, millions of Americans are struggling to put  food on their tables, pay their rent, and keep the electricity on.   Can we address the issue of gun violence.   Just this week, we broke the record for the most mass shootings in a  year and we have lost over 35,000 people due to gun violence.   Can we address our crumbling public school infrastructure?   Kids are learning in schools with asbestos, no air conditioning, and  mold. It is hurting their ability to learn, grow, and thrive.   Can we put an end to our massive spending on weapons and war, and  instead invest in our communities and our kids?   The number one thing I tried to do as a middle school principal and  as an educator for 20 years was to teach my students when they made a  mistake, they owned up to it, they took responsibility, and they held  themselves accountable. That is exactly what I did. Yet, we are still  here.   