 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this morning to reflect  on and remember a dear friend and colleague, someone who served this  Nation in this body for 30 years, someone who has already been  remembered by many others as a trailblazer, someone who left a lasting  one on this Senate, on her State of California, on our Nation.   When I first came to this Senate, now 13 years ago, Senator Feinstein  was someone whose career I had long followed and long admired. She was  elected to this body when I was a law student, in the Year of the  Woman, when, following a contentious hearing, there was a concerted  effort made to recruit some of the strongest, most capable potential  candidates to join this body, and Senator Feinstein was certainly among  those incredible leaders.   I had the honor, the blessing, of being in small rooms in  negotiations with her within my first few years, and I saw behind the  scenes what anyone who followed her publicly got to know about Senator  Feinstein. She was tough. She was fierce. She was determined. She was  prepared. She had always done the reading. She studied the details of  every bill, every piece of legislation, everything we voted on.   When I had the chance to join the Appropriations Committee, and I  approached her once here on the floor to ask her consent to amend the  Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee bill she was floor  managing, she turned, stopped, and said: Are you asking my permission  to file an amendment to my bill?   And somewhat haltingly, being still a very junior Senator, I said:  Yes, ma'am, that is exactly what I am doing.   She smiled and laughed and said: Oh, aren't you nice.   I said: Doesn't every Senator ask your permission before they attempt  to amend your bill?   She goes: No, they no longer do. But they should.   She was always dressed to the nines. She was always gracious and  dignified. She exuded a quiet power that in critical moments in the  history of this institution and our Nation, our country and world got  to see: the chair of the Intelligence Committee, determined to make  public a tectonic struggle between this body and its role and the  history of interrogation techniques that she and many of us concluded  were inappropriate and broke the boundaries, determined to defend the  prerogatives of the Senate, even in a very difficult and charged  environment.   Given her early experience in San Francisco and the tragedy that  brought her from council president to mayor, she was a focused,  persistent, and effective advocate for gun safety.   My friend and predecessor in this seat--now our President--President  Joe Biden, served alongside Senator Feinstein for many, many years.  Together, they worked hard to advance the Violence Against Women Act,  the assault weapons ban, and dozens of other pieces of important  legislation to help make our country more equitable, more inclusive,  safer, and more just.   I was reflecting this morning, when I got the hard news about  Dianne's passing last night, on the very first time I met her. I was a  young man. I was just a year out of law school. I was living and  working in New York City for the I Have A Dream Foundation, and I  happened to have a car. A friend, who I think was working for Mayor  Dinkins, called and asked if I would drive out to Teterboro Airport and  pick up Senator Feinstein of California. I couldn't believe my luck, as  a young man in his early twenties, to get a chance to speak for even a  moment or two to a U.S. Senator.   I drove out there and was sure to be on time and waited diligently. I  had been told by some of the campaign staff to not expect that she  would even speak to me.   She insisted on sitting in the front seat next to me, and we chatted  for almost an hour and a half as we made our way back into downtown  Manhattan in heavy traffic. I had the chance to listen to then-new  Senator Feinstein talk about her experience as mayor, make observations  about how the city of New York was being run and what the issues were,  and then to ask her a few questions about public service, about what  motivated her, about why she worked so hard. As a very young man, that  experience, that conversation stayed with me for years.   When I first came to this body and had a chance to sit near her on  this floor and to serve down the dais from her on Judiciary, I  approached her and repeated that story.   She said: Young man, what I want you to remember is that every time  you have a chance--whether with a page or an intern, with a campaign  volunteer--you also have the opportunity and the obligation to remind  them whom we serve and why we serve.   Senator Feinstein was a giant here. She showed what public service  means. She was determined. She was capable. She was dedicated.   Her last vote was yesterday. I cannot imagine the loss that her  family and staff are feeling, the enormous gap this will leave for the  State of California and for this institution today and into the future  as we mark, as we mourn the passing of this incredible trailblazer and  as we prayerfully reflect on her incredible legacy.   Thank you, Dianne, for your decades of loyal and loving service to  this, our great Nation.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   