 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this is becoming a regular appearance on  the Senate floor to talk about Social Security. It is something that  most Americans think that Congress supports almost unanimously.   It is a program that has been with us. President Roosevelt, on August  14, 1935, signed the Social Security Act. Out of that came Medicare,  when a Democratic Congress in 1965, with President Johnson's signature,  signed it.   We know what Medicare means. We know what Social Security means for  people who live longer, healthier lives. No matter your income, no  matter if you have been a Senator for 20 years, no matter if you are a  CEO, no matter if you are a UAW member and at a Ford plant in Avon, no  matter if you are a low-income worker at the Hilton Hotel on West  Market in Akron, no matter your work, you are eligible, at a certain  age, for Social Security and Medicare.   So what is the debate about? Well, the debate is philosophical, and I  am not even sure what. It is partly my conservative colleagues who  generally want to privatize Medicare and Social Security. For them, it  seems to be something philosophic or ideological or sometimes it is  just people wanting to support the insurance industry because if you  privatize Medicare and Social Security, yes, it will help the insurance  companies; yes, it will help the banks. If you privatize the VA, like  many want to do--the Veterans' Administration--undermining what  veterans have earned by serving their country, it may help some private  sector corporations. It will help pad their bottom line. It will help  many CEOs make even more money, but it is wrong. When work has dignity,  people have a secure retirement, veterans have benefits, and pensions  are protected, Americans can count on Medicare and count on Social  Security.   A secure retirement shouldn't be a partisan issue. It wasn't a  partisan issue, particularly in the 1930s. It is not a partisan issue  to the American people. I don't think you can tell a Republican from a  Democrat who is 70 years old or 80 years old drawing Social Security  and Medicare. They know they have earned it. They have paid into it for  decades. As I have said, they have earned it.   It is one of the most unifying institutions in the country. Americans  want to protect Social Security and Medicare. They want to make those  programs stronger, Americans do. But elected officials--far too many  people on this side of the aisle, as the Senator from Connecticut  knows--far too many people from this side of the aisle think that we  should privatize those programs; that they will be more efficient or  some such philosophical jargon that they throw forward. But we know  what will happen: insurance companies will make more money, banks will  make more money, and people who have worked in this country and played  by the rules all their lives get squeezed.   Today, down the hall--especially straight down the hall in the House  of Representatives down there--the Republicans are threatening, in  order to raise the debt limit--the debt limit is simply, we should pay  our bills. The Trump administration and all administrations have run  this deficit up. We should pay the bills. That is what it is about.  They are refusing to pay the bills our Nation owes, and they are saying  that if we don't do what they want to do, then they are going stop  Social Security checks from going out. They are going to try to  privatize Social Security.   They want to take this country and the American economy to the brink  of default. They want to leverage their fiscal lunacy. It really is  leveraging their fiscal lunacy, frankly, to cut your Social Security.  It is that simple.   Then, as I said, there is privatizing Social Security. The details  differ. The terms may change, but the goal is the same.   I have been in the Senate now, this is the beginning--it is my 17th  year. Every couple of years, a few of the ``wunderkinds'' on that side  of the aisle want to try to find a way to privatize Social Security,  privatize Medicare, and privatize the Veterans' Administration. It is  nothing less than an attempt to go back on a bedrock promise.   (Ms. CORTEZ MASTO assumed the Chair.)   The Senator from Nevada understands that people pay into Social  Security every paycheck. They tend to pay into Medicare every--well,  that is not actually true. If you are really, really, really rich, you  only pay into Social Security for the first part of the year because  you have already paid enough for the year, and it is some philosophy  that I don't really understand.  [[Page S93]]  But it is a bedrock promise to all of us. You pay in; you get those  benefits.   Last year, I introduced a resolution--the Senator from Nevada  cosponsored it--affirming the Senate's commitment to protecting and  expanding Social Security. It was pretty simple. It simply said we  affirm, we pledge we will protect Social Security and Medicare from any  kinds of cuts from the far right that doesn't believe in the program.  Almost every Democrat signed on. Not one Republican signed on. Not one  Republican committed to our promise, recommitted to our promise to the  American people, that if you work hard all your life, Social Security  will be there for you.   So Americans shouldn't have to worry that politicians, secure with  their government pensions, are going to try to take away their  retirement. I urge my colleagues to do what the American people want us  to do overwhelmingly. They want us to protect and expand Social  Security and Medicare.   As I said, just look down the hall in the House of Representatives.  There is a new majority there--a new majority controlled by the far  right--of what used to be a pretty centrist Republican Party, from the  far right, that--whenever they try to privatize Social Security and  Medicare, they get all kinds of contributions from the rightwing and  from Wall Street and from some big healthcare companies and some big  energy companies and all that, and it is wrong. We know it is wrong.  Whether it is Nevada, whether it is Las Vegas or Cleveland, whether it  is Reno or Columbus, whether it is Carson City or Dayton, we know that  overwhelmingly people in this country want a strong Social Security  that will always be there for our kids and our grandkids and our great- grandkids. They want a Medicare that will provide healthcare to people  regardless of your wealth, regardless of your income, regardless of  your station in life.   That is my pledge. I know the Senators on the floor from Connecticut  and Nevada also support that commitment and pledge. It is where we are  as a country. It is not, unfortunately, where some of my colleagues  sit.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   