 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of this amendment,  which will continue the allowance of flavored milk in school nutrition  programs.   Dairy products deliver nutrients critical to children's health and  development. Milk is the top source of protein, calcium, potassium,  phosphorus, and vitamin D for children ages 2 to 11. Dairy also  provides nutrients vital for immune health.   Unfortunately, children are not consuming enough dairy to benefit  from these essential nutrients. Removing flavored milk from schools  only deters school-aged children from drinking milk.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment to continue  to fully allow nonfat and low-fat flavored milk in grades K-12 to  ensure our children have access to nutrients that they need.   I will say to my Democratic colleagues on the other side of the aisle  that we must be cautious when we are speaking about conflating politics  with science. We have learned that over the last 3 years.    Madam Chair, I rise to offer amendment No. 74 as the  designee of Mr. Steil from the great State of Wisconsin.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment.  This amendment funds the Dairy Business Innovation Initiatives, which  supports our dairy farmers in the development, production, marketing,  and distribution of their products.   Wisconsin is America's dairyland and this important program is why I  also introduced, along with my great colleague, Bryan Steil, the Dairy  Business Innovation Act, that looks to increase the authorization from  $20 million to $36 million, a 55 percent increase.   Wisconsin is home to nearly 6,000 dairy herds that produce over 2.7  billion pounds of milk a month. In fact, in our district, there are  many counties where our cows outnumber people by a ratio of 4-to-1.   Since President Biden took office, costs have risen by over 15  percent for Wisconsin families. Our agriculture industry is paying the  price as Bidenflation makes it more expensive for farmers to fuel  equipment, feed their livestock, and run their businesses.   This amendment would help ease the burden of Bidenflation for our  farmers and ensure that they are able to continue the innovations in  today's uncertain economic times. We must ensure that Wisconsin dairy  farmers continue to be able to feed the world.   The time for fearmongering with our farmers is over. I came to this  body to legislate, not bloviate. I encourage my colleague from the  great State of Wisconsin, who spoke so passionately earlier on this  initiative, to spend more time reading legislation versus X--formerly  known as Twitter--because if he had he would realize that this  amendment was proposed in July.   Madam Chair, I encourage my colleagues, especially those in the  Wisconsin delegation, to cosponsor my bill and support this amendment;  to not do so is clearly putting politics over our farmers. Actions  speak louder than words.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.   