 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as I outlined earlier this week, the  Senate has a great deal of work to do to fulfill  [[Page S2015]]  our most basic responsibilities: keeping America safe, keeping America  fed, and keeping the lights on.   Our colleagues on the Appropriations Committee intend to fund the  Federal Government through regular order. The Armed Services Committee  has an urgent responsibility to set the Senate's national security  priorities so we can face growing threats and fund our Armed Forces  accordingly.   And also this year, the Agriculture Committee has to pass the farm  bill. This legislation is the cornerstone of the government's approach  to helping growers feed America. It includes essential provisions that  support farmers, create good-paying jobs, and strengthen rural  communities.   In my home State of Kentucky, nearly 75,000 farms help keep dinner  plates full and grocery stores stocked throughout the entire country.  But thanks to endless redtape from unelected bureaucrats and partisan  foot-dragging here in Washington, it is more difficult than ever to be  a farmer in Kentucky.   Washington Democrats' runaway inflation has bogged down small family  farms. With production costs on the rise, the Department of Agriculture  projects that net farm income will decline by--listen to this--20  percent in 2023.   Naturally, farm families are looking to Congress to deliver much  needed help and stability. In Kentucky, farmers are stalling  investments and taking on unforeseen risks as they wait for Washington  to make up its mind. Farmers in Kentucky and across the country deserve  certainty from Congress so they can plan for the future.   With less than 4 months to go until many current farm bill provisions  expire, time is running out. That is why Congress needs to do its job  and get this legislation across the finish line swiftly.   Last week, negotiations between a Democratic President and a  Republican Speaker allowed the Senate to take an important step toward  fiscal sanity and avert economic catastrophe. In the coming months, we  will need further collaboration to produce legislation that puts  farmers first and secures our food supply. Senate Republicans stand  ready to do our part.   