 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be able  to complete my full statement prior to the vote.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to support two  remarkable, dedicated, and exceptionally qualified nominees to serve on  the U.S. District Court of New Jersey: Mr. Michael Farbiarz and Mr.  Robert Kirsch. Both nominees represent the best that our State has to  offer. Both have served with distinction in various roles. Both deserve  to be swiftly confirmed to the district court.   Consider the distinguished public service career of Mr. Farbiarz. A  resident of Glen Ridge, NJ, he has served as an assistant U.S.  attorney, as cochief of the Terrorism and International Narcotics Unit,  and general counsel of the New York-New Jersey Port Authority. His  relentless work ethic in every role has made him a shining star in New  Jersey's legal community--a representation that is not given but  earned.   And whether serving in the leadership roles that he has had,  enforcing our laws as a Federal prosecutor, or providing legal counsel  to those who serve on the Port Authority commission, his breadth and  depth of legal experience prepare him well to continue his service to  the Garden State as a fair and effective Federal judge.   Like Mr. Farbiarz, Robert Kirsch is a dedicated public servant who  has been capably serving on the Superior Court of New Jersey for over a  decade. A native of South Orange, he was sponsored for his position by  then-State Senator Tom Kean, Jr., a Republican, and was appointed by  Governor Corzine, a Democrat.   Throughout his tenure, Judge Kirsch has consistently earned  bipartisan support in his long and impressive career in public service.  He holds a wealth of experience both as a jurist and a former Federal  prosecutor, and while presiding over a busy docket of criminal cases,  Judge Kirsch has consistently chosen to do what is right, not what  comes easy.   Outside of the courtroom, Robert Kirsch is a devoted advocate for  public safety and the well-being of his community. In particular, he  has led a passionate effort to improve New Jersey's juvenile justice  system, earning him numerous awards and widespread recognition. This  commitment to fairness and impartiality--values he has demonstrated  throughout his career--will surely be an asset while serving on the  Federal bench.   I submit to my colleagues that Mr. Farbiarz and Judge Kirsch are two  phenomenal nominees to fill New Jersey's final judicial vacancies. They  have earned ``well qualified'' ratings from the American Bar  Association. They have letters of support from both the New Jersey  State Bar Association and the Association of the Federal Bar of New  Jersey.   In short, they are the final pieces of the puzzle as I, alongside  Senator Booker and the Biden administration, have worked to fill not  one, not two, but eight vacancies that were existing. There was a  judicial emergency on the District Court of New Jersey. At the  beginning of the last Congress, the number of vacancies was so dire  that it was deemed a ``judicial emergency.'' In one of the busiest  courts in America, work ground to a halt as a result, creating a  backlog that delayed justice for victims of crime and plaintiffs in  court.   We had our work cut out for us, but by putting our heads down and our  noses to the grindstone, Senator Booker and I can now proudly say we  have shepherded eight well-qualified nominees through the process.  These are individuals who believe in precedent; who are not judicial  activists; who are, in essence, in the mainstream of the law. All that  remains is for this body and our colleagues to join us in confirming  these final two nominees to their roles.   It will be a great day for the State of New Jersey and for our  country as we vote to elevate Michael Farbiarz and Robert Kirsch to the  Federal bench. We thank them both for their incredibly dedicated  service, and I certainly look forward to thanking my colleagues for  their dutiful consideration of these two nominees on the floor.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   