 Mr. President, thank you for that enthusiastic  introduction.   I am here. Once again, it is the end of the week. At least in the  Senate, it is the end of the week, not for the rest of America. But  when we end up here with our work, on Thursday afternoon, I usually try  and do a story about what I refer to as ``The Alaskan of the Week.''   Hopefully, everybody can see this photo. We have included our  Alaskans of the Week's pictures here. This is a really good one, if you  are watching anywhere in Alaska, I hope, and across America.   Now, the reporters usually like this speech because it signals the  end of their week. Normally, we have a crowd of press in the Gallery,  maybe not so much today.   But it is about somebody who has done something good for their  community or the State or maybe for their country. This Alaskan of the  Week is actually someone who did something for the world--the world.  Saved the world. Stay tuned. No exaggeration.   Now, I always like to give an update on what is happening back home.  We are getting covered in snow--tons and tons of snow. The Sun is  starting to come back. It is a very cold and snowy winter. The Iditarod  is right around the corner--the last great race. Senator Murkowski and  I will talk about that soon. It is a beautiful time of year if you love  the outdoors--skiing, snow-machining.   So come visit Alaska. That is what I always do--make the pitch.   And people don't know this, but Alaska is also an incredibly diverse  State. In fact, Anchorage, my hometown, the State's largest city, is  home to the country's three most diverse census tracks--racially, in  terms of nationalities. By the way, the fourth most diverse is Queens,  NY. So more diverse than Queens, NY, in terms of race, ethnicities, and  nationalities. We are very proud of our diversity. More than 100  languages are spoken in our schools--Native languages, other languages,  foreign languages. We are diverse.    We are very patriotic. In fact, Alaska is home to more veterans per  capita than any State in the country. White, Black, Asian American,  Alaska Native, all different races make up that key part of Alaska's  heritage, military service.  [[Page S444]]    By the way, if you are watching the news, you know there is a lot  going on over Alaska right now. But I just want to say a word about our  military, Active-Duty, National Guard, and Reserve Forces. Think about  what our guys and women have done the last 2 weeks: tracked and  intercepted this big Russian spy balloon, tracked and intercepted at  least two of these smaller unidentified objects and shot two of them  down--the one over Alaska. The one in Canada, those were shot down by  Alaskan forces in Canada. Then, in the last 4 nights, these same forces  have gone and intercepted two different Russian ``Bear'' bombers and  fighters--Russian fighters who were trying to get into our airspace.  This is in 2 weeks. These are not easy missions. They are very  difficult, challenging, missions.   Do you know what else wasn't an easy mission? Storming the beaches of  Normandy. Storming the beaches of Normandy.   I have a little picture here. That is why I want to get to our  Alaskan of the Week, a very special, very patriotic Alaskan, a World  War II veteran, 