 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the Space Command has been in the  news lately. A final decision may be forthcoming soon, but the reported  rationale behind that decision is misguided. There are rumors out there  that ignore the fact that this basing process is about a variety of  issues. But, really, there is only be about one thing: What is in the  best interest of our national security?   The reports focus on the draconian laws of Alabama and Senator  Tuberville's decision to bar military promotions. I have always been a  strong advocate for reproductive rights, especially among  servicemembers, and I vehemently disagree with Senator Tuberville and  his decision to hold nearly 200 general and flag officer nominations  hostage, a hold that directly affects military readiness.   These nominees are waiting to take their new commands, move their  families, and carry out their missions that they were trained to lead.  They need to sell and leave the homes they are in. They can't buy new  homes. They can't do anything until their promotions are confirmed.   These are important issues, but we can't conflate these issues with  the Space Command for the simple reason that our military should never  be politicized. Senator Tuberville wants to make this about politics.  Senator Bennet and I want to make it about national security.   And space capabilities are absolutely essential to our national  security. Whether you are talking about GPS for ground-based operations  or secure communications systems for maritime navigation, every single  domain in which the United States acts in the name of national defense,  be it on land, air, cyber or maritime--you name it--depends on our  ability to operate in space.   The entity responsible for coordinating these operations is U.S.  Space Command, which was first established in Colorado Springs back in  1985 and formally stood up as a full combatant command in 2019.   Over the past 3\1/2\ years, the brilliant team at Space Command  headquarters in Colorado have set the standard for U.S. expertise in  space. They are building out our understanding of the global threat  landscape, investing in our response capabilities, and hitting keen  readiness milestones, including reaching initial operating capability  back in August of 2021.   This April, Space Command took another giant step forward when  General Dickinson, who is in charge of leading these efforts, announced  that U.S. Space Command will reach full operational capability by the  end of the year at its current location in Colorado Springs--full  operational capability. In other words, Space Command is on the verge  of achieving full mission readiness in record time. That is an  incredible achievement, and full credit goes to General Dickinson and  the men and women on the frontlines of U.S. space leadership.   General Dickinson's announcement underscores just how dangerous it  would be to rubberstamp former President Trump's reckless political  decision to move Space Command from its current location in Colorado.  Moving headquarters requires that we build new facilities, install  secure communications infrastructure, and relocate or rehire our  existing workforce.   Congress has never received an estimate for how much this would cost,  even before factoring in the impact on national security. That is  neither efficient nor strategic. It would take years--years--to  replicate the milestone of full operational capability, and every  single member of this body knows that we simply don't have that luxury.   We don't have that kind of time. We don't have years while Russia is  waging a brutal and ruthless war in Ukraine. We don't have years while  China is developing advanced hypersonic weapons and threatening to  invade Taiwan. We don't have years while Iran and North Korea are  attempting to undermine our cyber security.   Right now, the United States is being challenged from every angle.  Now is not the time to tie our hands and announce to our rivals that we  are intentionally stepping back from being fully operational in space.  It is not the time to announce to the world that we will let partisan  politics interfere with our military decision making.   The arrival of U.S. Space Command on the cusp of reaching full  operational capability in Colorado Springs should be received by the  entire Senate as a remarkable achievement, one that strengthens our  national security and one that expands our military might.   Space command's formal establishment as a full combatant command in  2019 came not a moment too soon. Just over 2 years later, Russia  conducted a direct-ascent anti-satellite weapons test, which created  thousands of pieces of debris that Space Command has been tracking ever  since.   A few months later, information gathered by U.S. satellites helped  the intelligence community to sound the alarm as Putin was amassing  thousands of troops on Russia's border with Ukraine.  [[Page S1693]]    Satellites have spotted the massive construction of suspected nuclear  missile silos by China's People's Liberation Army, as well as the  illegal buildup of PLA bases in the South China Sea--a brazen breach of  international law and proof positive that the CCP's threat to Taiwan is  real.   Satellites directly facilitate our communications, our critical  infrastructure, navigation and banking systems, as well as countless  other technologies that we use every single day without even thinking  twice. There is no question that President Trump's decision to move  Space Command to Alabama was political--no question. Don't take my word  for it. President Trump said so himself on live radio.    Take it from Republican Mayor John Suthers, the former Republican  attorney general of the State of Colorado who personally heard Trump  say, in the presence of a four-star general, that he wanted to see how  the 2020 election turned out before making a final decision on the  location of Space Command.   That is politics interfering with military decisions.   Take it from our senior military leaders whose best professional  judgment led them to all recommend Colorado. Colorado Springs is the  best place for Space Command because it is already at work here with  tangible results about which all of us should be proud.   We shouldn't risk our national security. We should keep Space Command  in Colorado Springs where it belongs.   I yield the floor.   