 Mr. Speaker, I come to talk today about getting back to  the basics. This place has, in fact, been broken, and a number of the  rules that we worked on were to bring authority back and bring us back  to the principles of Jefferson's parliamentary practice and procedure,  his manual on that.    I would say to the ladies and gentlemen that we should look at that  document for what its principles stand for. What it stands for is--and  it says right in the preamble, Jefferson writes: ``For some of the most  familiar and experienced members,''--referencing they are members of  parliament because that is what he based it on--``that nothing tended  more to throw power into the hands of administration, and those who  acted with the majority of the House of Commons, than a neglect of, or  departure from, the rules of proceeding; that these forms, as  instituted by our ancestors, operated as a check and control on the  actions of the majority, and that they were, in many instances, a  shelter and protection to the minority against the attempts of power.''   So when I go out there, Mr. Speaker, and ask that we change these  rules to make sure that we have rules that help protect all Members,  including the minority Members, you can imagine my surprise and shock  today when I hear that they are opposed to rules that do some very  basic things--things that the American people are going to be shocked  that we don't already do--such as a single purpose rule, that you  cannot introduce a bill that doesn't have a single purpose or theme to  that bill. That can be complicated, but it has to have an overarching  theme, something that this bill is attempting to do right from the get- go. The sole purpose rule.   Mr. Speaker, then there is the germaneness, coming up with a stricter  germaneness interpretation. As we know, that also helps so that you  don't end up having happen what we had happen last summer where  somebody introduces a bill to mint a commemorative coin and it turns  into the Inflation Reduction Act. That is absolutely ridiculous.  Hundreds and hundreds, if not thousands of pages came out of a one- paragraph bill. No. That is wrong.   Mr. Speaker, this allows us more power to say ``no'' on the floor by  the individual Members.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the additional time that the  gentleman yielded to me. As you can tell, I get fired up about these  issues.   The bottom line is that this rules package is the best rules package  of either party in a number of years because instead of worrying about  what might happen next week, this rules package worries about the  future of the United States Congress. It is a good package, and I  wholeheartedly support it.   