 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from  the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for yielding, and I thank Mr. Neal  for his tremendous, steadfast leadership in this moment of crisis that  was manufactured by extreme MAGA Republicans on the other side of the  aisle.   I thank the distinguished members of the Ways and Means Committee. I  thank House Democrats for your steady hand, for your unity of purpose,  for your efforts to make sure that we push back the extreme MAGA  Republican efforts to jam rightwing cuts down the throats of the  American people that would have undermined the health, the safety, and  the economic well-being of everyday Americans.   From the very beginning, House Democrats were clear that we would not  allow extreme MAGA Republicans to default on our debt, crash the  economy, or trigger a job-killing recession.  [[Page H2694]]    Under the leadership of President Joe Biden, Democrats kept our  promise. We will continue to do what is necessary to put people over  politics.   The question that remains right now is what will the House Republican  majority do?   It appears that you may have lost control of the floor of the House  of Representatives.   Earlier today, 29 House Republicans voted to default on our Nation's  debt and against an agreement that you negotiated.   It is an extraordinary act that indicates just the nature of the  extremism that is out of control on the other side of the aisle.   Extreme MAGA Republicans attempted to take control of the House  floor. Democrats took it back for the American people.   We will continue to do what is necessary under the leadership of  President Joe Biden to build an economy that works for everyday  Americans and push back against the extremism on the other side of the  aisle.   Under the Trump administration, Democrats helped the former President  avoid a default, raised the debt ceiling three times without  gamesmanship, partisanship, or brinkmanship because Democrats put  people over politics, even though we strongly disagreed with your  reckless policies, as Chairman Neal eloquently outlined.   In 2017, you passed the GOP tax scam where 83 percent of the benefits  went to the wealthiest 1 percent here in America and caused our Nation  to go $2 trillion in debt to subsidize the lifestyles of the wealthy,  the well-off, and the well-connected. It did nothing to lift up the  economy for everyday Americans.   That was the case with your so-called tax cuts under Ronald Reagan,  and that was the case under George W. Bush: failed policy; and trickle- down economics that has come to mean only one thing for everyday  Americans. You may get a trickle, but you are guaranteed to stay down.  Your policies have failed.   Yet despite that failure, despite the fact that you went $2 trillion  into debt to pass your GOP tax scam, House Democrats were there to make  sure that America did not default. We were there then, and we are here  today, to put people over politics.   I am thankful for my colleagues, for their work, for their  commitment, for their patriotism, for their dedication, for their  willingness to find the common ground necessary under the leadership of  President Joe Biden, who did an extraordinary job under very difficult  circumstances to protect values of importance to the American people,  notwithstanding your threats to crash the economy, trigger a recession,  and default on our debt.   President Biden understood, despite the hostage-taking situation that  you unnecessarily thrust the country into, that we had an obligation, a  responsibility to avoid a catastrophic default. That is exactly what  President Biden and Democrats have been able to do.   We also made clear that America would not find ourselves back in this  hostage-taking situation. You passed the default on America act about a  month ago that had extreme rightwing cuts.    Mr. Speaker, I did not mention any single Member by  name or any single individual on the other side of the aisle.    Mr. Speaker, as I have indicated on this floor, House  Democrats will continue to put people over politics and push back  against the extremism on the other side of the aisle.   I am thankful for the leadership of President Joe Biden in avoiding a  catastrophic default. I am thankful for the leadership of President Joe  Biden in finding a way to an agreement that will avoid a hostage-taking  situation for the balance of the 118th Congress.   I am thankful for the leadership of President Joe Biden and House  Democrats who protected Social Security, protected Medicare, protected  Medicaid, protected veterans' benefits, protected education, protected  public safety, and protected the American people from the draconian 22  percent across-the-board cuts that House Republicans were trying to  visit on everyday Americans.   As a result of that effort, that leadership of President Joe Biden,  we are going to be able to get through this hostage-taking situation  and ensure that we can continue to build an economy that works for  everyday Americans.   I thank House Democrats for their leadership. I thank House Democrats  for their work. We will continue to show up and stand up and speak up  without fear for everyday Americans to ensure that we can continue  America's long, necessary, and majestic march toward a more perfect  Union.   