 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 5283, the  Protecting our Communities from Failure to Secure the Border Act, which  I am proud to cosponsor.   Plenty of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will stand  here today and protest that this bill is unnecessary. They will  complain Republicans shouldn't be taking up this piece of legislation.  The truth is, if it weren't for the disastrous policies of this  administration, I don't think we would find ourselves even considering  this bill. It is plain and simple: Republicans are taking action to  address our southern border crisis because the Biden administration has  failed to do so. They have failed to protect the American people.   Mr. Chair, 2 weeks ago, they broke a record. In just 1 week, 15,000  illegals came across our southern border.  [[Page H5962]]    The district I represent in northern Minnesota contains hundreds of  miles of northern border with Canada. The 547 miles of border shared  with Canada are patrolled by only two mobile agents right now because  the current agents are being reassigned to in-process the illegals  coming through our southern border. Now, our northern border is not  secure because of this administration. There are 547 miles of border  that are wide open, and the cartels and coyotes have figured it out.   Earlier this fall, in Bemidji, Minnesota, an 11-year-old girl was  sexually assaulted, and 11 illegal immigrants were found at the scene  of that crime.   For those of you who don't know where Bemidji is, it is not along our  southern border. It is over 2,000 miles away. Bemidji and every  community across this Nation have been turned into a border community,  putting Americans at risk.    Now, even our Federal lands meant for conservation,  recreation, and development of our great natural resources are being  turned into campgrounds for traffickers and terrorists who are marching  into our country and breaking our immigration laws.   Northern Minnesota is also home to vast amounts of public lands,  including the Chippewa and Superior National Forests, Voyageurs  National Park, and the Grand Portage National Monument.   It is a shame that we even have to consider this piece of legislation  because of the Biden administration's open border policy that is making  our Nation less secure. We have no idea who is coming into this Nation,  and it is not appropriate that we keep this open border.   Mr. Chair, I support this piece of legislation.   