 Bidenomics. Bidenomics. I think everyone knows that you  don't give yourself a nickname. You don't get to do that. Your friends  get to do that for you. Who could imagine back in grade school giving  yourself a nickname? By the same token, you don't get to name an  economy after yourself either. You have to earn it.   Just like JLo. Before there was JLo, there was Jennifer Lopez. For  Jennifer Lopez to become JLo, she had to go out and prove herself. She  had to become a great singer.   Before Taylor Swift was known as the Country Pop Princess, Taylor had  to compose music, play instruments, and sing to the hearts and souls of  millions of people across the world.   Margaret Thatcher, before she was the Iron Lady, she had to go out  and earn that nickname because of her iron fist, the way she ruled her  country.   Ronald Reagan, the Great Communicator. Could you imagine Ronald  Reagan stepping onto his first stage telling you: Hey, I am the Great  Communicator. It took him years to earn that nickname.   One of my favorites: Mr. October, Reggie Jackson. Reggie didn't get  to name himself Mr. October. He had to go out and be a star player for  the New York Yankees in October, not in May.   Derek Jeter--another great nickname, the Captain. Did Derek Jeter  give himself that name? No, his teammates did.  [[Page S2340]]    Mr. President, you don't get to give yourself a nickname, and you  don't get to name an economy after yourself. You have to earn it. The  nickname this White House has earned for this economy is Bidenflation.  He has earned it. It is deserved. When my grandkids and my great  grandkids open up their history book and they get to the 46th President  of the United States, the title will be ``Bidenflation'' and the  subtitle, ``The Worst Economy in 40 Years.'' Certainly, it is the worst  economy in my professional life time.   So when I say it is the worst economy, I want to start by saying I  have not had one person in recent memory in the past 2 years who has  come up and say: Hey, this economy is great. I just love that I am  paying so much more to make a living. Whether it is food or groceries  or housing, no one has come up to me and say: Hey, I love this economy.   It is actually just the opposite. I want to take a closer look. You  may come up with some different conclusions, but you can't argue with  these facts I am about to give you. The average Kansas family is paying  $800 more per month just for basic needs--$800 more a month. When we  gave them the tax cuts in the previous administration, the average  Kansas family was able to put more than $2,000 back into their pocket.  Now this administration is taking an extra $800 to pay for their basic  necessities. I don't have to remind anybody that gas prices doubled  under this President. Groceries are up 20 percent.   Utility bills. I can't tell you how many people called me to tell me:  My utility bills have actually doubled compared to previous winters.   Housing, let's just take a minute and talk about housing. The average  monthly payment for a person searching for a new home has doubled under  this President. Let me say that again. The average monthly payment for  a person searching for a new home has doubled under this President. The  White House economy has made housing totally uncomfortable, especially  for first-time home buyers.   Let's think about what the American dream is. I think every American  dreams of owning a home--in Kansas, a truck and a fishing boat. But  under this President, none of those are happening.   I recently had the Builders Association from Kansas in my office--the  largest number from that group I ever had--all with long, long faces. I  knew their concerns before they even gave them. I hear it every day,  every week when I am back home. I hear it from friends. I hear it from  family members, business owners, union workers, senior citizens. I  really hear it from my senior citizens that the cost of living is just  unbearable. Young families with kids starting off--maybe that first job  out of high school or out of college--those are the ones that are being  stung by Bidenflation. There is no one immune from it.    Before they could go through their list of concerns, I asked them a  serious question: Is there any policy remaining that this White House  could implement that would hurt their business more? Was there one  policy the White House hasn't turned over yet that could hurt their  business more? And they sat there silent--crickets. They couldn't think  of one more thing this White House could do to hurt their business.  They don't have workers because the White House pays more to stay home  than go to work. They need lumber, they need nails, they need bolts,  they need plumbing supplies, heat and air. If they could get them,  those are all through the roof.   Interest rates. Nothing kills housing like higher interest rates. Of  course, we know the higher interest rates are a direct reflection of  Bidenflation. Just to state it very briefly, Bidenflation has made  housing unaffordable. Think about this. This government spends  millions--perhaps billions--of dollars on affordable housing, but  inflation has destroyed any gain that we made recently.   Mr. President, you are not Ronald Reagan. You should not put your  name on something that is a miserable failure. Reaganomics gave us a  great opportunity--perhaps the greatest economy of my lifetime. But  your economy--why would you put your name on the worst economy in  nearly half a century?   No matter what you say, no matter how you spin it, you are not going  to convince the folks back home that this economy is good. They are  smarter than that. Americans know otherwise.   Bidenflation--that is the title of the chapter in the history book.   I yield the floor.   