 I yield back to Senator Barrasso.    Absolutely.    Madam President, I also rise to join my friend from  Wyoming Senator Barrasso and my friend from Ohio. And I know that my  friend from Texas has some concerns, but it is something different.   The only thing I would say about this is, as troubled as our House  colleagues are--435--they passed this unanimously, unanimous consent.  They can't agree on anything. They passed this because of the need for  what we are trying to do here.   What we are trying to do is build initiatives I worked to include in  the Energy Act of 1020. What we are doing is operating nuclear  powerplants that are dependent on Russian enrichment. We are operating  our nuclear fleet based on Russian enrichment and conversion capacity,  which represents half of the global capacity. We let them capture the  market.   Russia is currently the world's only--I will repeat. They are the  only commercial source of high-assay low-enriched uranium--or, as we  refer to it, HALEU--which is the fuel needed for advanced reactors,  such as the SMRs and the micros that were coming in, the new  technology.   It is shameful and dangerous to our country, which led the world in  developing nuclear energy--we led the world--and once was capable of  producing all the fuel that we could ever need, and it has become  reliant on one of the most notorious adversaries we have ever had,  Russia.   Uranium production in the United States peaked in 1980. And since  1992, the majority of uranium purchased by the U.S. nuclear powerplant  operators was imported mostly from Russia.   Russia has used its state-owned nuclear monopoly to help fund Putin's  unlawful war against Ukraine that has completely upended energy supply  chains and harmed European and American energy security.   For years--for years now--Russia has unfairly flooded the market. We  have seen that happen so many times with China in different products  and Russia also with cheap uranium to undercut U.S. and other Western  producers. Being the capitalist country that we are, we just basically  allowed our entrepreneurial businesspersons to go buy wherever they  needed. We cannot continue to reward Putin for bad behavior.   The United States cut off imports of Russian oil and gas and coal in  March of 2022. We cut off all of our needed, basically, supplies that  we were using and supplementing with imports of Russian oil, gas, and  coal. And it is long past time to finally cut Russian uranium out of  the U.S. market as well.   Senator Barrasso, myself, Senator Risch, all the Senators who come  from the areas that are involved in this but have been producing it-- Senator Brown from Ohio, basically, has a plant that I have visited  that has produced all of the uranium that we ever needed during the war  efforts and has been forced out of the market. They are coming back,  but they are going to need our help to get back into the market also.   We have supported a two-part strategy to fix this, pairing an  increase in domestic production with a ban on Russian fuel. To  accomplish the first part, we included our Nuclear Fuel Security Act in  the Defense bill that we passed last night.   That law will create the programs that we need to reshore our  domestic nuclear supply chains and establish a new revolving fund at  the Department of Energy to be used for uranium procurement. I am proud  that lawmakers in both Chambers recognized that this issue is so  important to our security, and it has been included in the NDAA. And  when we get back in January, Senator Barrasso and I are going to work  together to ensure that the new DOE program is appropriately funded and  paid for.   So today, again, I am asking my dear friend: We have got to take the  second step--banning Russian uranium imports--to provide a clear signal  to our domestic market so they will basically get back into the game  and start increasing the fuel they walked away from because of unfair  trade practices.   This uranium ban has had strong bipartisan support, as you know, in  the House and over here. Then, today, we have the opportunity to send  this commonsense legislation to the President's desk and move closer to  realizing our energy independence from Russia by passing this ban.   I, again, ask all of you to consider this. I ask my good friend from  Texas, Senator Cruz, if he would consider maybe other ways that we  might be able to help. I am committing to you that I will help you, and  I think I know what your concerns are. I am certain it  [[Page S5985]]  doesn't have anything to do with this, but I know what it can be, and I  know where I can help you. I am offering that assistance.    Madam President, just briefly, I want to correct one  thing that was said.   Because of the 117th Congress, when we all worked together, today we  are producing more energy than ever in the history of the United  States. We are producing 4.6 billion barrels of oil this year, 37  trillion cubic feet of gas, 13.5 billion cubic feet a day of LNG. In  2016, we didn't do anything.   So what we have done with all of the bills--the bipartisan  infrastructure bill; the IRA bill, or the Inflation Reduction Act--is  forced this administration to start taking seriously U.S. energy  independence and security. They cannot just move them in one direction.  It is a balanced approach, and it is working.   This is the part, now, that we need to shut down. We should not be  relying on foreign supply chains, unreliable foreign countries of  concern. You have China, you have Russia, you have North Korea, and you  have Iran--four of the most notorious. To depend on anything that comes  from those four countries that we need for our building blocks is a  sin.   That is the only thing I am saying on the hold you have here. There  are going to be other things that we can work together on to make sure  that we all--I think you have them on this. I don't know if that is a  No. 1 priority. They just didn't have any objection because they knew  it was something that should be done. We are all for it.   You are using it because you need something else, and we are  committing to help you on something else. This is desperately needed  for our country. It really is. We have to center the market because, if  not, they won't get invested. They just won't move. If they think  Russians can dump enriched uranium, HALEU, on us, they will continue to  do it, and it basically stymies the market for anyone that is investing  the amount of money that needs to be invested to get our enrichment  program up and running. That is really what the concerns are.   And we already have an NDAA. We would like for it--as far as the  money, we are prepared to make sure that we have the necessary  resources. But we can't do it unless we ban that because, if we don't  ban it, people will, in this marketplace, buy wherever they can, the  cheapest they possibly can. And, I guarantee, Russia needs the money  for their war machine, and they will keep dumping and dumping on us.   So I would hope you would reconsider, sir. That is all I can ask. But  I am committed to helping you. But this is the wrong one, I believe, to  use.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   