 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, since the Biden administration  took office, in just the first 2 years, they implemented or imposed  costs on the American public exceeding $300 billion.   Mr. Chairman, when I was in school, I learned there were three  branches of government. There was the judicial branch, executive  branch, and legislative branch. Apparently, there is a fourth branch of  government, and it is the bureaucrats. It is this entity out there that  is writing rules, writing regulations, and imposing costs on American  families--I will say it again--to the tune of over $300 billion in just  the first 2 years of this administration.   What does that look like at home? It looks like regulations that are  killing small businesses. The U.S. Census Bureau has quantified that  one in every four households in America has had to choose among costs  like groceries, utility bills, gasoline for their cars, or medical  costs.   These are false choices, Mr. Chairman. American families shouldn't  have to choose among costs like that. These are necessities. Again, we  shouldn't have to choose between groceries, utility costs, and things  like rent and a mortgage.   The average American family is paying 40 percent more right now for  energy costs like gasoline and utility bills because of the policies of  this administration.   What our amendment does is it simply restores the role of Congress,  the role of Representatives. It says that any new regulation that is  estimated or quantified to cost in excess of $100 billion cannot move  forward without actual action by the Congress.   Mr. Chairman, I think that this is a commonsense amendment. I think  it is consistent with what the Founders intended the role of their  Representatives to be. It is consistent with what the Founders intended  as the role of the legislative branch of Congress, that we have a role  in ensuring that regulations being carried out are consistent with  congressional intent and that we are not going to go out there and  impose taxes, fees, or bureaucratic red tape on American families when  they can afford it the least right now.   The Ways and Means Committee has estimated that 17.4 percent is the  percent that inflation has gone up under this administration, the  additional cost being placed on American families. We cannot allow this  mysterious fourth branch of government that has no accountability to  continue to impose costs on American families.   Again, this restores the role of the branch of government that we all  are here to represent. It restores the functionality of Congress.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentlewoman's  comments. Unfortunately, those comments aren't really relevant to this  amendment.   Let's be clear on what this amendment does. It prevents agencies from  imposing regulations that exceed a compliance cost of $100 million or  more.   If the gentlewoman is concerned about spending and debts and  deficits, I share those concerns with her. As a matter of fact, as a  result of this administration's legislation like the CHIPS Act, IRA,  ARP, and the infrastructure bill, an additional $10 trillion in  spending has been incurred as a result of their reckless and  irresponsible actions.   Mr. Chair, what that translates to is that 50 cents of every dollar  we are going to borrow over the next 10 years is going to go to pay  interest on the debt. Over the next 10 years, we are going to spend $10  trillion on interest payments on the debt.   Mr. Chairman, you represent areas in Ohio. I represent areas of  Louisiana. We have representation here for Idaho and Maine. We have  constituents that have real needs. We are flushing money down the  toilet by putting $10 trillion just toward interest payments.   This helps to improve the efficiency of the Federal Government. It is  complementary to the deregulatory agenda that we saw under the previous  administration.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment is a funding  restriction. Let me give you a little bit of background. What happened  is the Federal Government was sued by a group of extreme environmental  organizations claiming that a new species of whale was in the Gulf of  Mexico and that its habitat needed to be restricted in order to ensure  the survivability of the species.   Mr. Chair, it sounds like a reasonable approach. The problem is that  what happened is that they didn't provide any opportunity for public  comment, and they did not provide any opportunity for peer-reviewed  science. As a matter of fact, the sensors that are supposed to be  detecting these species did not even detect species in the area where  they are trying to impose restrictions.   Mr. Chair, as a result of this sue-and-settle operation by the  Federal Government, by the Biden administration, 6 million acres of the  Gulf of Mexico have been taken effectively offline or put with  significant restriction in the Gulf of Mexico.   What this does is this further complicates U.S. energy security. It  further restricts opportunities to produce energy domestically.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Higgins).    Madam Chair, I certainly do appreciate the  gentlewoman from Maine's concerns, and I appreciate her understanding  of one of the two components of what we are discussing today. The  component that my friend from Maine is discussing pertains to  recreational vessels and port traffic. That is one component, and the  gentlewoman is correct.   However, the component that my friend from Louisiana and I are  raising concerns about is the energy component that has impacted 6  million acres in the Gulf of Mexico. This is actually a bifurcated  decision or approach. One component was rejected, the gentlewoman is  correct. The component that we are discussing actually is very much  alive and very much relevant.   I certainly share the concerns that the gentlewoman has recognized. I  appreciate that component, but that is not what this amendment pertains  to; therefore, I again insist upon this amendment.   Madam Chair, I urge adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, once again, as the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Higgins) and I have noted, we have watched as this  administration has carried out energy policies that are some of the  most inexplicable, incomprehensible energy policies I have ever seen,  policies that are resulting in a 40 percent increase in energy costs  for American families, making one in every four families choose among  costs like groceries, utilities, rental payments, and other things that  are simply false choices.   We can continue down this path that allows Iran to profit $60 billion  above the amount they were making before the Biden administration took  office, allowing Venezuela to profit $65 billion above the amount that  they were making prior to the Biden administration, or we can simply  produce American energy, some of the lowest carbon-intense barrels in  the world, and actually have American energy security, returning us to  American energy security as we saw under the previous administration,  rather than these policies that are so punitive on American families,  especially those that can least afford it.   Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   