 Mr. Speaker, for over three decades post- Tiananmen Square massacre, Congress was deeply divided; not between  Republican and Democrat, but among the majority here and in the Senate  who favored unfettered engagement and  [[Page H129]]  trade without serious human rights conditionality.   Indeed, President Clinton delinked human rights in trade on May 26,  1994. I went up there and gave a press conference. I was joined by a  few others saying how serious that was to give up on human rights and  allow profits to trump human rights.   We have seen the brutal nature of the Communist regime, especially  under Xi Jinping, and the Chinese Communist Party's ultimate desire to  seek hegemony.   Over the years, I have chaired 76 congressional hearings on China and  authored several pieces of legislation, including the Hong Kong Human  Rights and Democracy Act, and was the Republican sponsor of  Jim  McGovern's Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act. We now have to make sure  those laws are being faithfully implemented.   Mr. Speaker, 20 years ago when China became a member of the WTO, most  Members of Congress, and certainly in the business and community on  foreign policy establishment, bought into what James Mann rightfully  called ``the China fantasy.''   In other words, if you just trade more with a dictatorship, somehow  they will matriculate into a democracy.   That fantasy has been shown to be demonstrably naive, at best. The  CCP has become more powerful because of the trade and dual use items  that have accrued over there that are now being used by their military  and by their police.   I would note, parenthetically, I chaired two hearings on why China  should not be invited into the WTO and no one--no one--listened.   The record is clear, Mr. Speaker. As predicted, we have become more  like them. Thankfully, that is changing, but many in our corporate  establishment, as we saw with the Olympics, were standing right by  Beijing and the CCP and Xi Jinping and wouldn't utter a word, including  Coca-Cola and others, about the terrible killing of the Uyghurs and the  use of forced labor camps.   We have stood by as the Chinese embassy and the Ministry of State  Security have harassed people of Chinese heritage and nationality  living lawfully in the United States.   We have not done all that we can do for the people of Hong Kong,  Tibet, and the Uyghur people in the autonomous region.   But today, thankfully, we are turning a page, and I applaud our  Speaker for pushing hard for this select committee. Hopefully, it will  make a difference.   