 Mr. Speaker, before us today, we have a difficult vote.  Like many of my Democratic colleagues, I would have preferred to vote  on a clean debt ceiling bill. I signed a discharge petition, along with  all of my Democratic colleagues to bring a debt ceiling bill to the  House floor, but we couldn't get just five Republicans to join us to  force that vote.   That is why we are here today because not just five Republicans could  do that. I don't like the language in the bill to bypass environmental  reviews and approve the Mountain Valley Pipeline. There are pipelines  that have leaked and there are pipelines that have leaked.   I joined Representatives McClellan, Beyer, and others in the Virginia  delegation in support of an amendment offered to remove that language,  but it wasn't allowed to be voted upon. I don't like the permitting  reform that strips NEPA of its authorities.   Instead of rolling back regulations, we should be adequately funding  the agency so that staff can help projects be built in a timely and  responsible manner. I don't like that tax cuts for the wealthiest  Americans are protected. The Trump tax scam, which was not funded,  raised the debt by $2 trillion, and not an effort was made to put more  duty and responsibility on those individuals.   I sponsored a bill to make billionaires pay their fair share. They  should. Despite all the things we don't like about this bill, including  the addition of work requirements for SNAP recipients in their 50s, as  Members of Congress, we have tough decisions to make and ultimately do  what is best for our constituents and our country.   In my district, in particular, we have to protect the progress we  have made in the last 2 years that is providing a boost to Memphis; for  instance, in healthcare and energy savings we have secured for seniors  and others throughout the district under the Inflation Reduction Act  and the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act.   These investments are funding improvements and smart development in  my district now, but Republicans have tried to defund them. We need to  protect Medicaid, Medicare, and Social Security, but the Republican  majority was trying to take away those benefits from over 20 million  Americans.    Mr. Speaker, we protected Social Security, Medicaid, and  Medicare in these bills. We needed a clean debt ceiling. We didn't get  it. The fact is, the Republicans brought us to this brink because they  wanted to extract political damage on President Biden, and if the  American people were there as collateral damage, so be it.   When Trump was President, they approved every extension of the debt  relief, and yet when Biden is here, no. This is extortion, but we have  to deal with it. It is for the benefit of our country and the world's  economy, and I will vote ``yes.''   