 Mr. President, I rise in support of Senator Kennedy's  resolution of disapproval of the ATF's stabilizing brace rule. This  rule is a dangerous attack on every American's Second Amendment rights.   I want to start by telling you why this is important. Where I live in  Kansas, typically we will have one sheriff or a deputy on call at a  time, and he is covering an area of 60 by 40 miles, so often the  nearest law enforcement officer is 45 minutes to an hour away.   Like many States, we are seeing an uptick in the rise of crime, with  fentanyl flooding across our border. Twenty tons of fentanyl has been  seized. We can't imagine how much came across this open border. But  along with the fentanyl and the open border, we are seeing crime on the  rise. More and more families feel afraid that they are not secure. Even  my own wife 2 weeks ago asked me to take her out to our family gun  range and give her some lessons on how to handle a weapon as well.   By the way, women's favorite weapon for self-protection is a short- barreled rifle. It is what they feel comfortable with. It is not loud.  It is easy to control.   Why are we trying to punish Americans who just want to defend  themselves and practice their Second Amendment rights?   In complete disregard for Americans' constitutional rights, President  Joe Biden enacted an unlawful rule banning stabilizing braces--known  commonly as pistol braces--allowing the ATF the full authority under  the law to prosecute millions of Americans for firearms they purchased  perfectly legally. Through Biden's rule, millions of responsible gun  owners suddenly have become felons.   As law-abiding Kansans get the book thrown at them under this Second  Amendment power grab, the President's own son commits an actual gun  violation felony, and he walks away with a sweetheart deal. I ask you,  what type of message does that send to law-abiding American gun owners  across the country? This is wrong. Americans realize this is a double  standard.   Sadly, this egregious policy uniquely impacts our Nation's disabled  veterans who use a pistol brace to handle their firearms. For some of  these individuals who risked their lives for our freedoms, a pistol  brace is the only option for safe and effective firearm use. But under  this ruling, the constitutional right to bear arms is null and void if  you use a stabilizing brace to operate a firearm.   That is why the President bypassed Congress and carried out his gun- grabbing agenda through the regulatory state, demanding his ATF use a  misguiding interpretation of the National Firearms Act to enforce this  heavyhanded policy.   Let me be clear. The National Firearms Act does not--does not--give  the ATF the authority to ban pistol braces. Congress has not, nor  should it ever, give the ATF this power.   This rule represents the largest gun grab in American history,  potentially impacting as many as 40 million responsible gun owners. We  refuse to accept the supersized AFT's unconstitutional power grab, and  I am proud to stand here with Senator Kennedy and defend Kansans' and  Louisianans' Second Amendment rights.   I will continue to stand firm here with all of my colleagues and  oppose this executive overreach by the ATF.   I yield the floor.   