 Madam President, only in the United States of America  can the son of a Shreveport firefighter, the first college graduate in  his family--only in our country can a person like this win a seat in  Congress and just a few years later be elected the 56th Speaker of the  House.   Speaker   Mike Johnson made history for our country and my home State  by becoming the first Speaker of the House of Representatives ever from  Louisiana. If you are from Louisiana--more particularly from  Shreveport, Bossier, or Northwest Louisiana--or, by the way, if you  graduated from Captain Shreve, you know   Mike Johnson. He is the pride  of them all. He is a straight shooter, a family man, a diligent man.   Jim McCrery was the Congressman who held that same seat at a time in  the past. When I was first elected, he gave me this advice: Keep your  word, show up, and do your homework.   I am sure he gave that same advice to   Mike Johnson or, if not, Mike  just was naturally that way, because it describes him to a tee. It is  the reason why he is able to unify House Republicans, winning every  Republican vote for Speaker for the first time since 2011.   He has the ability to bridge divides that a lot of very capable  people were not able to do. Mike brought together people who disagreed  and kept them talking until they found a way forward. That is what  leaders do. He is strong in his convictions, but he is not someone  looking to steamroll others. He is a unifier and has a talent for  working with folks to find common ground.   We have all seen the push and pull between those who wish to govern  and, frankly, those who are not very interested in governing. Mike  wishes to govern. He wants to govern with conservative principles to  get things done for the country and, hopefully, for my State as well.  He has the temperament, intelligence, and integrity to do that as  Speaker.   I look forward to working with him to address issues like investing  in American energy, securing our southern border, addressing the  insurance crisis in Louisiana and nationwide, and finally doing  something about the long-term debt being driven, among other things, by  a Social Security Program going insolvent. With a conservative Speaker  working to secure conservative wins, the country will do well.   We both share a strong sense of duty, a deep faith, and a love for  God. You  [[Page S5226]]  could see his faith shine through in his speech when he won the vote.  Of course, we share a deep love for our home State, Louisiana. Having a  Speaker from Louisiana will help bring some good Louisiana values,  perspective, priorities, and maybe even a little boiled crawfish to  Washington, DC.   Congratulations, Speaker Johnson, and to his wife Kelly and their  four wonderful children.   I yield the floor.   