 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and  for his leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 11,  establishing a bipartisan Select Committee on the Strategic Competition  Between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party.   In 1946, a great Wisconsinite, George Kennan, argued that dealing  with the Soviet threat was the greatest task our diplomacy has ever  faced and probably the greatest it will ever have to face.   Today, due to its aggression and its economic strength and our unique  economic entanglement with it, the Chinese Communist Party represents  an even greater test for American diplomacy.   As Secretary of State Anthony Blinken put it last year: China is the  only country with both the intent to reshape the international order  and increasingly the economic, diplomatic, military, and technological  power to do it.   The threat posed by the CCP is not abstract. The CCP's aggression is  not limited to Taiwan, the South China Sea, Hong Kong, or even  Xinjiang, where two successive administrations, Republican and  Democratic alike, have determined that the CCP is engaging in genocide.   We see this aggression here at home where the party has stolen  American intellectual property, technology, and industrial capacity  undermining our economy and good-paying American jobs. It is here at  home where the party's extraterritorial totalitarianism  [[Page H125]]  terrorizes Chinese students studying at our universities and targets  Americans of Chinese descent. And it is here at home where thousands of  Americans are poisoned each year by fentanyl precursors manufactured in  China and distributed thanks to a complex Chinese money laundering  network.   It is time to understand the urgency of the threat. It is time to  reclaim our economic independence in key areas.   The select committee will expose the CCP's coordinated whole-of- society strategy to undermine American leadership and American  sovereignty while working on a bipartisan basis and with the committees  of jurisdiction to identify long overdue, commonsense approaches to  counter CCP aggression.   I stress working on a bipartisan basis because that is the only way  we are going to be successful over the long term. The CCP doesn't pose  a danger to just Republicans or Democrats. It is a threat to all  Americans.   Mr. Speaker, I commend my colleague for his work on the Uyghur Forced  Labor Prevention Act. That is one of the most consequential and  significant pieces of legislation that we passed on a bipartisan basis  in recent years. It is up to us to ensure that it is fully implemented,  and there is much work to be done on that front.   We need to have a united front here in Congress to counter the  Chinese Communist Party, and in so doing, at every step along the way,  we must make sure that we are drawing a distinction between the party  and the Chinese people with whom we have no quarrel and who are often  the primary victims of CCP aggression and repression.   In sum, there is no more critical challenge facing our Nation today.   I am grateful to Speaker McCarthy for his leadership and establishing  this select committee, for giving me the mission of ensuring this stays  bipartisan. We heard his sincerity in wanting this to be an area where  Republicans and Democrats can work together.   I would also like to thank Chairman  Mike McCaul who chaired the  China task force and did a phenomenal job. We are building upon the  foundation that he laid with the China task force. I look forward to  working with him as this effort moves forward.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this critical  legislation. I look forward to working with my Democratic colleagues. I  see many friends sitting on the other side of the Chamber.   