 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support today of H.R. 1, the  Lower Energy Costs Act.   Since coming into office, the Biden administration has taken steps to  depress domestic energy production, causing prices to skyrocket and  making America reliant on our adversaries for energy.   From heating our homes to filling our gas tanks, Americans have been  burdened with historically high energy prices. With growing global  demand predicted year after year, we must pass laws that will make  America energy independent.  [[Page H1489]]    H.R. 1, the Lower Energy Costs Act, is crucial in restarting our  onshore and offshore leasing program. It also incentivizes the  production of domestic minerals that are essential for national  security and sustainable energy projects.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle talk about all this  electrification.   Mr. Chairman, do you know what needs electrification? Copper.   Do you know what the other side has done? They have started to ban  copper mines.   I don't know how you make this happen unless, I guess, they want us  to buy copper from China. It makes sense to me: Buy copper from China  and be reliant on people who don't like us.   You can see the production here, Mr. Chairman. Look at Chinese copper  production. Look at United States copper production.   I know what the other side wants. They want us to be reliant on  China.   Modernizing our Federal regulations needs to happen so we prevent  projects from being in endless litigation.   Mr. Chairman, let's do the things that are sustainable and necessary  for our economy and that are necessary to making sure that we are  energy independent.   H.R. 1 incentivizes an all-of-the-above energy approach. This  legislation promotes domestic sources of materials critical to  renewable energy while maintaining robust environmental standards.   American energy is the cleanest in the world. We can and we must  produce our own energy in an efficient, clean, and safe way for  Americans. We can do that.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 1  to eliminate red tape and promote affordable domestic energy  production.   