 Mr. President, I join my colleagues in celebrating a major  and long overdue achievement allowing the American people to have the  benefit of a government that will stand up to negotiate prices and try  its best to make the prescription medications that they need for  themselves and the people they love to be affordable.   You know, what is a greater responsibility that a government has to  its citizens to help create a healthcare system that is accessible and  is affordable? Why is it that in this country, the citizens that we all  represent are getting hammered on the cost of medications that if they  just go across the border to Canada, they can get at one-tenth, one- fifth of the price?   Why is it? It is because until this day, we have been the only  government that has not been willing to use price negotiation to  protect consumers from price gouging by Big Pharma, and it is really  brutal. I mean, every one of us--I talk to Vermonters, Senator Stabenow  was talking about Michiganders, Senator Whitehouse was talking about  constituents in Rhode Island--by the way, some of whom are Republicans,  some of whom are Democrats, some of whom are Independents, many of whom  don't even bother to pay much attention to the political process. But  when they have to get access to that medication that is really  essential to their well-being, they can't afford it.   We are paying, they are paying--all our citizens--in many cases, 2\1/ 2\ times, on average, what folks across the border in Canada or in  Europe are paying for the same medication. And, you know, it is  terrific when Big Pharma, through their research, comes up with  medications that can extend our life. But if they charge so much that  we can't afford it, what does that do?   And time after time, we have seen folks make these horrible decisions  about cutting back on their medication at the threat to their own life  and safety because they literally can't afford it.   Now, the pharmaceutical industry, let's give them credit: They have  created lifesaving drugs. That is a tremendous thing. But they can't  use the fact that they are doing something good to jack up prices to  make it unaffordable just for self-enrichment.   You know, we, as a government, have done an enormous amount to help  pharma with the innovation side, and they are suggesting that this  legislation is going to interfere with that capacity. Is it true? No.  Think about what we have done--we, the government, taxpayers. No. 1,  the intellectual property is protected; so for that period of time,  oftentimes well over a decade, they can charge whatever they want to  charge and they have the exclusive right to have that drug on the  market. And they charge a lot.   No. 2, we have created an employer-sponsored healthcare system where  we have employers in all of our States where it is really important to  that employer to provide good-quality healthcare to its employees, and  they have to pay whatever the premiums are that are, oftentimes,  inflated as a result of us having the highest prescription drug prices  in the world.   Third, we have a Medicare/Medicaid program, which is a guaranteed  purchasing pool to buy the products that they create. So pharma has  protection on its profits with an exclusive period; it has a government  that stands behind the right of citizens to have access to healthcare  through Medicare particularly, Medicaid, and also employer-sponsored  healthcare.   And then what you see is the pharmaceutical industry going beyond the  patent rights that it has for that market exclusivity and do the things  that Senator Klobuchar was talking about where they try to extend the  life of the patent well beyond what that limited period was supposed to  be.   And then, by the way, Wall Street gets in the game here, because what  many of the companies have claimed is research is a corporate buyout.  Company A buys company B that has a patent, a popular and necessary  drug. They pay billions for it; and then to pay for the purchase price,  they inflate the cost of that prescription drug. And they can do it;  they get away with it.   So, you know, Senator Hickenlooper asked the question: Why is the  outrage not about that we let it go on for so long?   So pharma is going to do fine and keep doing what they are going to  be doing. They are going to have the patent exclusivity; they are going  to have a government and a Senate with Republicans and Democrats  maintaining the Medicare program so that folks who are going to need  prescription drugs are going to be able to get them. They are going to  do fine.   But, finally, we have price negotiation so that, in effect, if you or  I are going to the pharmacy to buy aspirin and we buy a hundred because  the per-unit cost is a lot less, we get to pay wholesale--we get to  decide about bargaining by what we purchase, a big amount or a little  amount. Medicare should be able to do the same thing.   So this is so overdue and so beneficial to everybody that we all  represent, regardless of, politically, whose side they are on. This is  about a shared need that our society has for access to prescription  medication. And, of course, to the Presiding Officer, we all appreciate  the focus that you put on insulin. I mean, if there isn't a more  shocking example of a rip-off. This drug has been around for decades;  there is no new innovation. But what there is, is pricing power. So  those companies that had the ability to set the price, to raise the  price, and to do it again kept going up and up and up, even though  there were not any additional intellectual breakthroughs with the  actual core of what insulin is.   You know, we in this country know that working Americans are  struggling  [[Page S4379]]  to pay their bills. Things are expensive, and it is not just inflation.  Things are expensive in many cases because there is real corporate  power, and they can set the price they want. Nowhere do they do that  with more abusive consistency than in pharmaceutical prescriptions. And  we can decide, as a Senate, that we are going to find ways to make  things affordable by stopping the rip-off.   Having the capacity for Medicare to negotiate prices is a major  breakthrough. It is no small thing. It is the beginning; it is not the  end of our efforts. And I thank all of my colleagues for working  together to help all of our constituents, regardless of who they voted  for, because the thing they all have in common is they want to protect,  especially, the people that they love.   And in the arguments from pharma, what I find so alarming is that  what they prey upon is the love that people in America have for their  families because, if you are a mom or you are a dad and you have got a  son or a daughter who needs a prescription drug and you can't afford  it, you will take out a second mortgage or you will sell the house or  you will get rid of your retirement account. You will do whatever it  takes to save the person you care about. And pharma, with their  pushback, saying this is going to threaten innovation is preying on  those fears that all of us have about what will happen if we don't do  everything we can to help the person that we love.   And you know what, it is not about that for pharma. They are doing  pretty well. Those salaries are astonishing. Those corporate buybacks  are very rich. So I am proud to be with my colleagues here to stand up  for the right that our citizens have--affordably, confidently,  securely--to be able to have, when they need it, access to the  prescription medication that is going to extend their life and save  their loved ones.   I yield the floor.   