 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for  his leadership on the Science Committee. It is great serving with him  on the committee of the future.   I rise in support of the TRANQ Research Act, which I introduced in  March. It passed the Science Committee and the House unanimously. It  then passed the Senate unanimously after it had been amended to include  some technical changes and a reporting requirement on America's ability  to address the growing threat of new psychoactive drugs. I support  these changes, and I ask all Members to join me in sending this  commonsense bill to the President for his signature.   As you will recall, the TRANQ Research Act directs the National  Institute of Standards and Technology to study dangerous fentanyl  additives like xylazine that are putting the public and law enforcement  at risk.   Xylazine, which is also known as the zombie drug, is a dangerous  substance containing a veterinary tranquilizer which makes fentanyl  even more dangerous than it already is. The zombie drug has been  popping up in nearly every State, and the DEA is reporting a  substantial increase in the amount of fentanyl seized that contains  this deadly additive.    Exposure--and that is right, just exposure--to these drugs, whether  you are taking them or not, can be deadly, and that means that law  enforcement officers who are finding these drugs are in danger. This  research is going to help them identify ways to detect fentanyl and its  additives in the field and therefore take appropriate measures to  protect themselves while keeping our communities safe.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is one piece of a much larger fight against  fentanyl and the other drugs plaguing our communities and ending so  many lives prematurely. By understanding what these additives are, how  to test for them, and how to safely handle them, we can better protect  our first responders and our Border Patrol agents.   I thank everyone who has made this moment possible: Representative  [[Page H6089]]  Caraveo, Chairman Lucas, Ranking Member Lofgren, members of the Science  Committee. I thank them for helping get this bill across the finish  line.   