 Madam President, this week, the country has been riveted  again by scenes of mass shootings, this time in California. I spoke on  the phone to my seatmate Senator Padilla just a few days ago, and it is  a conversation that I have had with the Presiding Officer. It is a  conversation I have had with Senators from Colorado and Virginia. We  all now increasingly come from States where we have seen dozens of  people murdered at one time in these horrific, horrific mass shootings.   I am proud that in the wake of the Uvalde massacre and the shooting  in Buffalo, last summer this Congress came together and finally passed,  after 30 years of inaction, legislation that begins to make our  communities safer, but what we saw in Monterey and Half Moon Bay is  just confirmation--reaffirmation--that we have enormous work to do.   Let me first tell you the good news, and that is this: The  legislation we passed last summer, the Bipartisan Safer Communities  Act, is saving lives as we speak. If you recall, that legislation set  up a new background check process for younger buyers of weapons in this  country. It eliminated the boyfriend loophole so that no domestic  abusers in this country can get their hands on weapons. It gave funding  to States to set up red flag laws. It strengthened our background check  system. It is a set of really important changes.   A bipartisan group of us went out to West Virginia just a few weeks  ago--Senator Cornyn, Senator Tillis, Senator Capito--three  Republicans--and myself and Senator Manchin--to see the background  check system at work. We went out and sat right next to the background  checks operators in their cubicles, and we watched them process these  new background checks that are required because of the law we passed.   We got briefings from the FBI in which they laid out for us the  details of incredibly dangerous individuals, individuals who were in  crisis, many of them under 21, who would have gotten a weapon in their  moment of crisis had it not been for the legislation we passed.   I also saw how diligent these background checks operators were, how  serious they were about their job, how proud they were of their job,  because they knew that in their hands they held the safety of the  American public; that every time they click that button, there was an  individual walking out of the store with a gun, and they wanted to make  sure of two things: First, they were protecting the American public-- make sure that only those who were qualified under the law, who weren't  deemed to be too dangerous, were getting those weapons. The second  thing they were concerned about--and every single one of them told us  this--they were there to uphold the Second Amendment as well. They were  there to make sure--to make sure--of the guarantee that if you are a  law-abiding citizen, you can get a legal weapon.   I think all of us who visited were really impressed by the work that  our background checks operators do and were confident that the bill we  passed last summer is saving lives as we speak. But everybody in this  country knows it is not enough. Everybody in this country knows it was  just a start. I hope this year we will be able to build on the progress  we made last year to find additional common ground because what you are  seeing in California and what you have seen all across the country are  individuals--largely men, mostly younger men--whose brains are  breaking, and in that moment of crisis, they are reaching for a weapon,  they are seeing their path to exorcise those demons as running through  an episode of mass slaughter.   But it is important to note that this is not the only country in the  world where brains break. This is not the only country in the world  where people have paranoias. This is not the only country in the world  with severe mental illness. So the story of American mass murder is not  a story of mental illness; it is not a story of paranoia; it is not a  story of grudge or grievance because every other country has that. But  only in the United States does that grudge, grievance, paranoia, and  mental illness lead to mass assassination. That is because in this  country we are flooded with weapons--and not just any weapons but  weapons of mass destruction.   These killers, they use the same set of weapons, semiautomatic  weapons with attachable clips that can fire 300 bullets out of 1  cartridge. They all use the same set of weapons because they are trying  to kill as many people as quickly as possible. Only in this country can  those individuals, who have decided to take out their anger, their  grudge, and their grievance through mass murder, get their hands on a  weapon that will allow them to do that. Other countries don't allow  that to happen.   I have told this story many times before, but on the same day that  Sandy Hook occurred, there was an equal number of students attacked in  a school in Henan Province, China. Every kid who was shot in Sandy Hook  died. Why? I won't describe it for you on the floor today, but the  damage that a bullet fired from an AR-15 does to the body of a little  child is irrevocable. It literally tears you apart, the bullet is going  so fast through your body. So none of those kids survived. But in Henan  Province, China, every child who was attacked survived. Why? Because in  Henan Province, the attacker, who was just as unhinged, likely, as the  attacker in Sandy Hook, had a knife and not a gun. Knives can do  damage, too, but not as much damage as an AR-15.   So States that are more serious about keeping assault weapons off the  streets and guns away from dangerous people have a lot less gun crime-- a lot less. Countries that are more serious about making sure that  people who have these grudges, grievances, and paranoias don't get  their hands on dangerous weapons--they have almost rock-bottom levels  of gun violence.   I think we are at a moment in time where Americans know this.  Americans are sick and tired of the status quo. That is why we were  able to pass this law last summer. It was a start--a really important  start--but it was not a result of any of the advocates in the Senate  perfecting their argument; it was a  [[Page S94]]  result of parents and students and families out there in America  compelling Congress to do something because this country has had  enough.   This country has not just had enough of the mass shootings but of the  hundred-plus people who die every day from gunshot wounds--suicides,  accidental shootings, homicides--all of which can be prevented through  limiting the access by dangerous people or people who are going through  a crisis to weaponry and particularly weaponry of mass destruction.   So I think that message from the American public we heard last  summer--it is not going away. The good news is, we found common ground.  And right now in the U.S. Congress, you have no choice if you want to  get something done but to find common ground. We found it. I don't  think that anybody who voted for it paid any substantial political  price. I think there was only political upside to supporting a  compromise that was wildly popular.   If you remember, Senator McConnell showed a PowerPoint presentation  to the Republican caucus in May of last year and showed his Republican  colleagues how popular all of the things that we voted on last summer  were--red flag laws, stopping domestic abusers from getting guns--no  political downside in continuing to make progress when it comes to  making our communities safer.   As we live amidst another moment in American history where the  country is recognizing the unique problem of mass shootings; as we  think about 20-some-odd days gone in the year with 40 mass shootings  already; when we think about the fear that our kids live in when they  go to school, wondering whether they will be next, and now the fear  that workplaces have and churchgoers have of whether they will be next,  it is more reason for us to make 2023 a year in which we don't follow  the pre-2022 precedent of doing nothing but we follow the 2022  precedent of finding the common ground between Republicans and  Democrats to make this country safer.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that S. Res. 13,  submitted earlier today, be held at the desk; that following morning  business tomorrow, the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration;  that at 1:45 p.m., the Senate vote on adoption of the resolution; that  if the resolution is agreed to, the preamble be considered agreed to,  and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    I understand there are three bills at the desk and I ask  for their first reading.    Madam President, I ask for a second reading and in order  to place the bills on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I  object to my own request.    I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes  its business today, it stand adjourned until 10 a.m., Thursday, January  26; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed  expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for  the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning  business be closed; that upon the conclusion of morning business, the  Senate proceed to the consideration of the Klobuchar-Grassley  resolution as provided under the previous order.    Madam President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the previous  order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:16 p.m., adjourned until  Thursday, January 26, 2023, at 10 a.m.   