 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the bipartisan  efforts of Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member Smith to pass this year's  NDAA. The base bill before us today represents a strong bipartisan  accomplishment that was crafted and passed out of committee with a 58-1  vote. I commend Mr. Rogers and Mr. Smith for their skillful, balanced  approach, ensuring a bipartisan outcome from committee markup.   Today, that is the clear path forward for this bill, and I urge my  colleagues to focus on germane amendments that expand our national  defense capabilities and readiness, not divisive, partisan poison pills  that distract from the mission of the NDAA, which is to provide a  common defense.   Mr. Chairman, Article I Section 8 of the Constitution mandates that  Congress shall provide and maintain a Navy. The Seapower and Projection  Forces Subcommittee's work clearly meets that mandate. Our mark makes  clear that our maritime nation will maintain its role as the most  formidable sea power in the world.   It authorizes procurement of 10 battle force ships, building on the  steady investment in shipbuilding that this subcommittee has  consistently authorized in prior years and places a strong emphasis on  maintaining superiority of our undersea fleet. Specifically, our mark  authorizes $16.5 billion for submarine procurement, fully funding the  Columbia- and Virginia-class submarine programs, with an additional  $743 million investment in the workforce and supply chain of our  national submarine industrial base which, by the way, is growing day by  day, picking up the pace of production since the depths of COVID.   We also included multiyear procurement authority for the next block  of Virginia-class submarines, totaling 13 submarines in the next 5-year  contract. This sends a clear signal to U.S. industry to increase our  production cadence above two submarines per year to bolster our Navy's  inventory, as well as supporting the trilateral AUKUS agreement. That  historic centerpiece calls for the U.S. to assist the recapitalization  of Australia's undersea fleet with conventionally armed nuclear-powered  submarines, including the sale of three Virginia-class submarines in  the 2030s.   Adopting this measure is a healthy, serious signal of commitment to  AUKUS as other committees in Congress begin their work to act on the  legislative framework necessary to execute that program.   This bill also requires the Navy to complete the design for a new- build sealift vessel program of 10 ships which will be modeled after a  cost-effective commercial practice now happening in real time at the  Philly Shipyard to boost domestic shipbuilding right here in the United  States.   Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleagues on the subcommittee, particularly  Chairman Trent Kelly, who has been an outstanding leader of this panel  and a great friend. I commend him for his bipartisan approach in his  first year as chair that all members have appreciated.   I also thank the outstanding staff--Phil MacNaughton, Ian Bennitt,  Kyle Noyes, Kelly Goggin, and Ethan Pelissier--who have all worked so  hard on this bill and getting us here today.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in working to keep this  bill true to the bipartisan spirit that the House Armed Services  Committee showed in passing a strong defense authorization bill and  reject extreme amendments that will threaten its passage.   