 Madam President, I was sitting home reading the newspaper,  something I still do, and last month I read an article that captured my  attention. National test scores of American students showed an alarming  decline in the education of our children. Reading scores in America  have continued to worsen since the height of COVID-19 pandemic,  dropping to the lowest scores in decades.   The troubling deterioration in American education was demonstrated by  average scores on the 2023 National Assessment of Educational Progress  known as the Nation's Report Card. The report showed that 13-year-olds  declined nine points in math compared to 2020. This was the largest  drop for 13-year-olds seen in 50 years.   When 13-year-olds are struggling, it portends even worse problems  ahead, because mastery in seventh and eighth grade is necessary to  progress to more complex knowledge and analytical abilities required in  high school and beyond. We know that failures in early childhood  education, in early education have a long-lasting consequence.   We must turn these test scores around and accelerate the education of  America's young as though our future depends on it, because it  absolutely does.   America's strength as a global power--let me say that the education  of our children is hugely important to our students and their families.  But, also, America's strength as a global power doesn't just depend  upon a strong military or possessing the latest weapons. Those things  are important, but it also depends upon our economy and our ability to  maintain a technological edge over our adversaries. And that all begins  in the classroom, equipping our students to read, multiply, divide, and  succeed.   The mental health, confidence, and contributions of young Americans  cannot be thought of as a secondary issue. It is not a secondary issue  to other national security imperatives. What that means is that the  well-being, health, confidence, contribution, the capabilities,  knowledge, intellect, and intelligence of our children have  consequences to our security--our national security.   One of those greatest threats in our national security is China.  China understands that to force their way into being a global  superpower, they must be able to challenge the U.S. militarily and  economically. This can be done by dislodging the United States as a  leader in key technology areas that will dictate the success of nations  in the coming decades.   Those technologies include semiconductor design and manufacture,  artificial intelligence, quantum computing, aerospace engineering,  advanced manufacturing, and biotechnology. If China were to overtake  the United States in any of these areas--in any of these areas--the  United States would lose out on trillions of dollars in economic value,  our military edge would erode, and the Chinese global influence would  increase dramatically.    As we grapple with the implications of a new Cold War with China and  as we take stock of many of the associated challenges more complex than  the old Cold War, the fact that our youth remain grades behind in math  poses a concerning obstacle to future competitiveness. Advances in  science and technology will build on basic math. Right now, our  children are unprepared; and, therefore, we are unprepared to meet this  challenge.   While we work to regain this ground in education, particularly in  these STEM fields, we also need to create more opportunities for others  that have gained a STEM education here in the United States to practice  their profession in this country and contribute to the U.S. economy.   Educating people, only to send them back to strengthen their own home  country, at a time in which the U.S. demand for STEM talent is through  the roof, defies logic. Only 11 percent of foreign-born recipients of a  bachelor's  [[Page S2270]]  degree and only 23 percent of those who earn a master's degree manage  to find a way to stay and work in the United States.   The U.S. semiconductor industry alone could face a shortage of 70- to  90,000 workers over the next few years, and there is a projected  shortfall of 300,000 engineers and 90,000 skilled technicians by 2030.  It would be naive to believe that these positions can be solely filled  by our American students.   As the Wall Street Journal opinion section recently read, the  foreigner working in tech ``isn't taking an American job; they are  helping keep that job in the U.S.''   Foreign-born scientists have been integral to our preeminence as a  scientific and military power. Most famously, nuclear physicists from  Europe were the intellectual forces that propelled the Manhattan  Project; and, today, more than half of the Silicon Valley startups are  led by foreign-born entrepreneurs. This is why we have worked to pass  the Startup Act in each Congress since I arrived in the Senate.   This bill would ensure that those with advanced STEM degrees would be  able to stay in this country while they are engaged in STEM-related  professions.   This would fill the immediate and increasing need for STEM-educated  professionals, while we work to improve STEM education for America's  youth.   There is no ``one size fits all'' approach to solving the challenges  in the classroom. Regaining ground after schools were closed during the  pandemic will take hard work and ingenuity. But the success of our  Nation depends--again, the success of our children depends, but because  that is the case, the success of our Nation, our country, depends on  young minds grappling and mastering the basics of math and reading and  writing and science.   We must make certain we are taking an ``all of the above,'' long-term  approach to national security, and that means making strides in the  classroom and investing in our students. Our schools are there to take  care of our children and their future, but failure to do so means that  we are damaging our Nation's future.   For the sake of our country, its national defense, its economy, and  for the sake of all American families, we need to make certain that we  reverse course in making certain that our students are learning and are  achieving at a rate that allows us to be successful.   I yield the floor.   