 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 3799.   The comments by Mr. Doggett and others would make you think it is an  entirely different bill. There is nothing in this bill that would  change coverage for preexisting conditions. I don't know what he is  talking about with icky because more people will have healthcare  available to them as a result of this bill.   Mr. Chairman, I serve on two committees that have crafted pieces of  this legislation, the Ways and Means Committee and the Education and  the Workforce Committee. I think that all of us--and I think this is  probably shared on both sides of the aisle--want all Americans to have  access to the healthcare and to the insurance that they choose for  themselves. As I said, I think we share that.   Certainly, as a small business owner myself, I can relate to  businessowners who want to ensure that their employees, their team  members have access to the healthcare. They want them to be healthy;  they want them to go home from work healthy; and they are very  interested in ensuring that their employees have affordable coverage.   This committee focused on expanding the CHOICE arrangements, which is  a system that will provide numerous benefits for employees and small  businesses because it lets job creators offer their workers cash to  purchase individual health plans, which will help by ensuring that if  workers move from one job to another, they can take their health plan  with them. They are more portable, so that is a great change that will  help a lot of individuals.   On the Education and the Workforce Committee, we wrote legislation  that expands association health plans, or AHPs, which enable employers  and the self-employed to band together. I have heard from a lot of  self-employed individuals in my community who are having trouble  accessing health insurance that they prefer. This would allow them to  band together across State lines to purchase health coverage for  themselves and, in the case of small businesses, for their workers.    Mr. Chair, there is one other thing in this bill which I  think is very positive. We took action to preserve self-insurance. This  is a system in which large and small employers pay for healthcare  services directly instead of purchasing plans with a large insurer,  which leads to savings and leads to collaboration between employers and  workers at their company to ensure better wellness approach to keep  employees healthy and not be required to access healthcare costs. It  helps the workers, and it saves costs across the board. Self-insurance  is another part of this bill that we preserve, which I think is very  great.   The bottom line is that American workers and businesses need  affordable and flexible healthcare options. This package of bills  achieves those goals, and I urge my colleagues to support this  legislation.   