 Mr. President, since 1790, the Coast Guard, our Nation's  oldest continuous seagoing service, has been the world's premier force  in maritime safety, security, and stewardship. Guided by its core  values of honor, respect, and devotion to duty, the Coast Guard is a  symbol of resolve to our adversaries and of hope to those in peril at  sea.   Our Nation relies on more than 50,000 members of the Coast Guard each  day to keep our country safe, to project national power, and to  champion the rule of law and governance on our waters and beyond.   In Texas, Coast Guard members are on patrol 365 days a year. From  Station South Padre Island to Sector Houston-Galveston and beyond,  Coast Guard members keep our citizens and our country safe. Just this  week, a Coast Guard Air Station Houston helicopter crew completed a  daring rescue, saving the life of a mariner 10 miles off the coast of  Galveston, TX. When our Nation calls, the Coast Guard is always ready  to answer.   As the ranking member of the Senate Commerce Committee, which has  responsibility for policies affecting the Coast Guard and Coast Guard  servicemembers and their families, I believe that in the event of a  shutdown, the Coast Guard must be paid without question and without  delay.   That is why, last week, I introduced the bipartisan Pay Our Coast  Guard Act, which would treat coastguardsmen the same as all other  servicemembers for purposes of pay and benefits if there is a lapse in  appropriations. If a continuing resolution is not passed, the prudent  thing to do--the right thing to do--is to agree now that we will pay  the men and women of the Coast Guard. That is what this bill does.   If there is a shutdown, military personnel from all branches of the  Armed Forces will keep working. In past shutdowns, Congress acted  swiftly to pay our troops. But since the Coast Guard is housed in the  Department of Homeland Security and not the Department of Defense,  coastguardsmen were left out; they weren't compensated.   Our bipartisan legislation, which I introduced along with Senators  Cantwell, Sullivan, and Baldwin, avoids that scenario by saying if  there is a shutdown, all of our Armed Forces, including the Coast  Guard, must be paid. This bipartisan bill makes clear, here and now,  that we will not take the Coast Guard hostage to a shutdown fight.   While the American people can always count on the Coast Guard, the  Coast Guard has not been always able to count on this Chamber to do the  right thing. During the last government shutdown, which was  precipitated by the Democrat majority in this Chamber in 2019, members  of a single branch of our Armed Forces, the Coast Guard, worked without  paychecks for 34 days, oftentimes alongside servicemembers of other  branches who were still being paid. The Defense Department was funded,  but the Homeland Security Department was not. So I joined with several  Senate colleagues to advance a bill that would have treated members of  the Coast Guard the same as those of the Air Force, the Army, the Navy,  and the Marine Corps.   That bill was brought up before the entire U.S. Senate, but it was  blocked by the Democratic leader.   The only thing necessary to ensure timely payment of every Coast  Guard servicemember was for my colleagues  [[Page S4641]]  across the aisle to withdraw their objection. Regrettably, that did not  happen. While coastguardsmen put their lives in danger protecting our  maritime borders, some of their families were forced to resort to food  pantries and short-term loans to pay for housing.   We have the opportunity today to get that right. Last month we marked  the 233rd birthday of the Coast Guard. To commemorate the occasion,  this Chamber unanimously passed a resolution that I introduced honoring  the Coast Guard's excellence in maritime border security. The  resolution also expressed the Senate's gratitude for the Coast Guard's  work in protecting our people and our borders from illegal immigration  and keeping deadly drugs like cocaine and fentanyl from entering the  United States.   Again, that resolution passed the Senate unanimously in July. I hope  to see similar unanimous support for the Coast Guard from my colleagues  today. Let's not wait until we know if there is going to be a shutdown  or not to make sure that coastguardsmen are treated fairly and  equitably. Let's act now to show the coastguardsmen who keep us safe  that we have got their backs as well.   Let's do the right thing by making clear that if we pay our  Department of Defense groups, we are also going to pay our troops from  the Coast Guard.   At this point, I want to yield to my colleague, the Senator from  Alaska, Senator Sullivan.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Sullivan for his excellent  and heartfelt remarks.   As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Appropriations be discharged from further consideration of  S. 2791, the Pay Our Coast Guard Act, and that the Senate proceed to  its immediate consideration; further, that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I want every member of the Coast Guard to  understand what just happened. We are 9 days away from the expiration  of current government funding. No one here knows whether a shutdown  will happen or not, but it is not complicated, with partisan divisions  in Washington, that there is a very real risk of a shutdown.   I believe President Biden and the majority leader of the Senate-- Senator Schumer--want a shutdown. Whether they want it or not, it is  clear there is a very real risk. And if, 9 days from now, what happened  in 2019 happens again, which is that our soldiers are paid, our sailors  are paid, our airmen are paid, our marines are paid, but our  coastguardsmen are left in the lurch--that is what happened in 2019,  when Senator Sullivan and I came to the floor, tried to take care of  our coastguardsmen then, and the Democrats objected. And if, 9 days  from now, for the over 50,000 coastguardsmen across this country, their  paychecks stop, you will know why, and it was because of two simple  words just uttered on behalf of Democrat leadership: ``I object.''   Had the Democrats simply not said those words--``I object''--our  coastguardsmen would be paid in 9 days. And understand that this  legislation, as Senator Sullivan pointed out, is bipartisan  legislation. It is authored by the chairman and ranking member of the  Commerce Committee and the chairman and ranking member of the  subcommittee with jurisdiction over the Coast Guard. And yet Democrat  leadership wants to engage in a partisan battle with the House of  Representatives, and they want to hold the men and women of the Coast  Guard hostage.   I am going to urge the Democrat leadership to reconsider. I don't  know  [[Page S4642]]  whether we will have a shutdown or not, but I know it is unfair to  treat coastguardsmen like the red-haired stepchild of our Armed Forces.   The men and women of the Coast Guard, when disaster strikes--and,  look, I saw firsthand, when Hurricane Harvey hit Texas, the incredible  heroism of coastguardsmen who risked their lives to save people in  harm's way.   What just happened on the Senate floor is not right, and I would  encourage Democrat leadership to listen to their own Democrat chairman  of the Commerce Committee, their own ranking member of the Coast Guard  committee and say: We are going to end this unfair discrimination  against the Coast Guard. We are going to treat our Armed Forces with  equity, and regardless of dysfunction in Washington, we are going to  pay our Coast Guard.   It is the right thing to do, and I would urge members from both sides  of the aisle to come together and say: Just as we know the Coast Guard  has our back if we are in trouble, that we have got their back as well.  It is the right thing to do.   I yield the floor.   