 Madam President, as everyone in America knows, fentanyl  is ravaging communities across the country. It is killing more than  70,000 people a year in the United States alone, making it the leading  cause of death for Americans between the ages of 18 and 49.   The fentanyl epidemic does not discriminate. It kills old people,  young people, rich people, poor people, people from major urban areas,  and people from the countryside. One of the most alarming trends of  what we are seeing is the rise of fentanyl-related deaths among  teenagers. In 2021, 77 percent of all teenage overdose deaths involved  fentanyl, the synthetic opioid.   We continue to hear and read of heartbreaking stories of teens who  overdosed in their bedrooms or in a car or at school. Sadly, this is a  recurring nightmare in communities across Texas which have experienced  a wave of overdoses among teens.   Last fall, I sat down with a number of people in Dallas to learn more  about the community-wide effort to fight fentanyl. I heard from parents  who lost their children, as well as law enforcement officials, local  elected leaders, healthcare professionals, and school administrators.   I learned that most of the time, these teenagers think they are  buying something that is relatively innocuous--Xanax or Percocet--only  to find out that it is a counterfeit pill made to look like a  prescription drug that is laced with a deadly dose of fentanyl.   And it doesn't take much. If you look at the end of your pencil, the  piece of lead sticking out of the end of your pencil, that amount of  fentanyl can kill you.   People will frequently refer to these not necessarily as overdoses  but poisonings, because in most cases, the victims have no idea that  they are taking a lethal dose of fentanyl. That was the case for  Patricia Hammad's daughter, Cassandra, who died from a fentanyl  overdose 2 years ago. Patricia told me that Cassandra took the pill  because she thought it was a Xanax, but, actually, it contained a  lethal dose of fentanyl.   I heard a similar story from parents in Hays County when I visited  there in February at a high school. Darren and Shannon McConville lost  their son Kevin to fentanyl last summer. Darren told me that Kevin took  a pill to help him sleep at night, and that that pill cost him his  life.   Earlier this week, I heard more heartbreaking stories from folks in  Carrollton, TX, outside of Dallas. Lilia Astudillo told me about her  14-year-old son Jose, who loved playing sports and spending time with  his brothers and sisters. One night, Jose took a pill that he thought  would help him calm down before he went to bed. When Lilia went to wake  her son up for school the next morning, it was too late. Her happy and  talented son had died.   I also heard from another brave parent, Ryan Vaughn, who told me  about his 16-year-old daughter Sienna. She was a cheerleader at Plano  High School, and she loved going to concerts and thrift shopping.  Sienna's father told me that he talked to her about the danger of drugs  many times. Had she been offered fentanyl, he knows she would have said  no. But when her friend came over for a family get-together and gave  her what seemed to be an innocuous pill, she had no idea and she said  yes. Later that evening, the Vaughns found their daughter and her  friend overdosing. They were able to save her friend using Narcan. But  for Sienna, it was too late.   These families in their communities have experienced every emotion in  the book, including shock, fear, devastation, and anger; and they have  channeled their grief and fury into action.   On Monday, I was at R.L. Turner High School and heard from Saniyah  Rodriguez, who heard the telltale noise of somebody overdosing in the  bathroom and saved that student's life using the lessons she learned on  a video at school.   She said it took weeks before she could even go back into that  bathroom having witnessed what she did--the gurgling noise of a fellow  classmate overdosing was emblazoned upon her memory. Despite being  traumatized by her experience, she was adamant that students cannot  keep quiet about fentanyl. They must speak out and they must get help  when a classmate needs it.   All around the school, in bathrooms and the hallways, there were  signs in English and Spanish about the dangers of fentanyl. Communities  across Texas are doing the best they can to fight fentanyl head-on, and  I am grateful for the work they have done to protect and educate our  children. But that is only one piece of the puzzle.   Law enforcement works around the block to take deadly drugs like  fentanyl off the streets. And, fortunately, those responsible for  dealing fentanyl-laced pills to students in Carrollton-Farmers Branch  ISD have been arrested and charged. But, again, this is just one other  piece of the puzzle.   When I spoke with the grieving parents in Hays County, which is in  San Marcos right outside of Austin, TX, where I live, they stressed the  importance of securing the border and preventing fentanyl from ever  getting across the border into their communities in the first place.   Shannon McConville, who lost her son Kevin, was especially adamant  about the need to do more to stop fentanyl from getting into the  country in the first place. She said, when it comes to the border, the  Biden administration is failing.    I completely agree.   The Biden administration has simply abdicated its responsibility at  the border in the name of a humane response to the border crisis, but  there is nothing humane about what is happening. We are losing more  than 70,000 Americans a year to fentanyl, and given the rate that  fentanyl is coming into the country, I fear the worst is still to come.   The most crucial step at this moment is to stop the poison from  coming into the country in the first place, but it is all about money.  The cartels continue to get rich. They care nothing about the deaths of  these parents' children, and they care nothing about the devastation  that they are bringing to our communities across Texas and across the  country.   The most crucial step is to stop it before it gets here. Until that  happens, the situation will only get worse. More fentanyl will come  across the border and seep into our communities. More of our children,  more of our neighbors, more of our friends, more of our loved ones will  die from fentanyl poisoning, and the cartels and criminal organizations  will continue to get rich from the suffering that they cause because  they don't care about our suffering. They don't care about our  grieving. They don't care about the deaths of these young people and  the potential that has been snuffed out at an early age. All they care  about is the money.   I appreciate everyone who joined me in Carrollton, on Monday, to talk  about this crisis. I am especially grateful, as I said, to Saniyah  Rodriguez and the families of Jose and Sienna, who had the courage to  tell their stories. It has got to be incredibly painful to tell the  stories about your sons or daughters losing their lives to this drug.  This is not something that they look forward to doing, but they are  driven to do it by the conviction that maybe, just maybe, the losses of  their children's lives will not be in vain; that the Federal Government  will step up and do its job to stop the poison from entering the  country in the first place; and that maybe, as a result of their  telling their stories and getting visibility on this issue, that it  will save another life.   There is nothing that can prepare you for the pain a parent feels  from losing a child, especially in such a cruel, unexpected, and  unnecessary way. These are, admittedly, emotional and difficult  conversations, but they  [[Page S1408]]  are important. As Jose's mother told me, we cannot let overdose deaths  become faceless statistics.   People need to remember that these are not just data points. These  are bright, young, loving people who were stolen from their families  and from this world. They are our children, our grandchildren,  brothers, sisters, friends, and classmates.   Until the Biden administration steps up and does its duty to secure  the border and takes action to stop this fentanyl from entering the  southern border in the first place, there will continue to be more and  more victims and more and more grieving parents and families and  friends like I heard from at the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Independent  School District this last week.   I yield the floor.   