 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I couldn't agree with the gentleman more. California's  Central Valley, whether it be the Sacramento Valley where Doug serves  and represents or the South San Joaquin Valley where I serve and  represent is really where America finds its greatest abundance of its  salad bowl, its fruit bowl, almonds, plant protein--walnuts,  pistachios. California leads the world in production of all of these  crops and it really centers right in the Central Valley.   Many of these water resources, whether north of Sacramento or south  of Sacramento, share the same assets, the same infrastructure.   So after several years of devastating droughts in California that  have really hurt farm families and communities up and down our  district--through acts of nature greatly, but also through  mismanagement of our water resources and lack of infrastructure in  California--it has really cut the abundance that delivers nutrition and  affordability to so many American working families who are suffering  from high inflation, both the energy costs, the food costs--and in  California particularly--their housing costs, because we are simply not  responding to the needs of our people as we need to.   So in the last couple of days after a very, very wet season and  immense hope on the part of our farmers that relief is on the way and  they would get water allocations, many farmers--and Doug is in my  district--received a letter from the Bureau of Reclamation.   The Bureau of Reclamation, in spite of historic rainfall, snowpack,  and flooding throughout California, is warning irrigation districts,  farmers and ranchers, that they may not get the water and should be  prepared for reduced allocations and flow restrictions, which would  threaten our food security.   Now these farmers are making plans today to plant rice, to plant  tomatoes, to plant cotton, to plant vegetable crops. They are making  decisions today as to whether they will invest more input into their  almond production, their walnut production, their pistachio production  based on what they think the market will bear for their crops when it  is ready to harvest and sell, as well as what water they will have to  see those crops through the growing year with.    Today, they are getting very, very disturbing mixed messages from the  Bureau of Reclamation. So we should  [[Page H1000]]  review what some of the facts are that the Bureau of Reclamation needs  to look at while warning these farmers that even in this water-abundant  year they may not get their allocations.   The current capacity and water outlook at Shasta--Shasta Reservoir is  a big reservoir in California. It has 6 million acre-feet of storage  capacity. Currently it is at 2.7 million acre-feet with inflows of over  14,000 acre-feet a day coming in.   The Shasta Reservoir has more than 1 million acre-feet in storage  this year as it did at this time last year.   The current snowpack in California--now, we are all waiting for the  snowpack to come down and fill the reservoir, but we can model how the  reservoir will fill based on the snowpack this year.   This year's snowpack accounts for one-third of California's water  supply. The second snow survey from the Department of Water Resources  was conducted on February 1. So we are waiting with anticipation with  what the March 1 SAR snowpack report will bring, but we know from the  precipitation events over the last month it is going to be  substantially higher.   Nonetheless, the snowpack as of February 1 of this year was 205  percent of average up to that date. It contained over 33.7 inches of  water or 205 percent, the average of water content, of what we normally  have up to that date.   We know the daily snow center report of February 28 per the  California Department of Water Resources shows the snow water  equivalent at each of the reporting stations feeding into the  Sacramento River, which supplies Lake Shasta, all of these stations are  over 100 percent of normal snow water content.   Throughout California in the same report, there are 131 stations with  all but four reporting a snow water equivalent percentage higher than  100 percent of normal.   At Mount Shasta, which feeds the Central Valley Project's largest  reservoir, Shasta Lake, the 2023 snowfall is 202 percent higher this  far into the winter with 97 inches of snowfall recorded. And as of  February 27 of this year, just yesterday, Mount Shasta had received  approximately 60 inches of snow in the past 3 days. That is 5 feet on  top of the snowpack they already had.   Yet, California farmers' food producers, the champions of abundance,  are being told to keep their powder dry, not to expect full water  deliveries this year.   Now, apparently we still don't have enough water infrastructure in  California, even with Shasta filling up, even with the snowpack set  there to completely fill and top up our reservoirs throughout the  State, even after the State failed to pump the delta and get the  floodwaters taken out of the Central Valley, out of the delta and into  storage south of the delta earlier this year, we are still going to be  topped up and farmers cannot expect full allocations of their water  this year.   We need to be building dams. We need to be building reservoirs. We  don't need to be tearing them down. And what Congressman LaMalfa has  presented here today is an absolute insult to every working family in  America who is having trouble affording the nutrition on their dinner  plate that they could better afford just a few short years ago.   This is going to be the first generation in American history--my  prediction--where we will see the diverse nutrition of produce and  protein taken off the American working family's dinner plate and  reverting American families to more starch-based diets that go in the  opposite direction of what every health nutritionist tells us we need  to be doing with American food plans.   So abundance is affordability. We need a pro-human attitude towards  our energy policies, towards our water policies, and towards our food  policies here in America.   I hope that the bureaucrats at the Bureau of Reclamation will listen  to Congressman LaMalfa today and heed his warning, because the American  working family cannot take any more of this inflationary abuse of our  Natural Resources.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. LaMalfa)  for yielding. I am glad to be here today.    So it is interesting at times to understand some of the  investigations and things that we need to write new laws for, or we  claim we need to write new laws because one politician does this or his  son does that.   We can't possibly need new laws to prosecute some of this corruption.  I was prosecuted for planting wheat in a wheat field during a global  food crisis.   My family purchased a property up in Tehama County, in Congressman  LaMalfa's district and planted wheat where wheat had been grown many  times before.   The Army Corps of Engineers thought we were doing something  different. The field agent drove by and gave it a windshield test and  said, hey, you are deep ripping.   You are not cultivating 4 to 7 inches deep; you are cultivating 3 to  5 feet deep. No, we are not. Come out and look at it.   Wouldn't come out, wouldn't look at it, wouldn't take our invitation.  Next February, he files a cease and desist order and tells us we can't  harvest our crop of wheat.   We asked for a hearing. The Army Corps of Engineers didn't have time  to give us a hearing; barely had time to drive by and look at what they  thought they saw out the windshield.   The Pacific Legal Foundation, a pro bono civil rights law firm for  many, many property owners and clients around America, representing the  Sackett and the current WOTUS cases at the Supreme Court, took up our  case as a due process Fifth Amendment case. They can't tell you you  can't farm your land without giving you a hearing.   Well, once that case started to progress forward, the Army Corps of  Engineers went to the Department of Justice, and my family and I were  prosecuted for planting wheat in a wheat field by the Department of  Environment and Water of the Department of Justice under the Obama  administration.   We ended up never getting a trial. We were found guilty by an Obama- appointed judge in summary judgment. Without a single day in court, we  were found to have violated the Clean Water Act because our tillage  implement lifted soil several inches and moved it laterally several  inches while nearing a wetland; a wetland vernal pool that had been  farmed many times before with the same farming systems we employed.   So America's food system is not only at risk because of water  scarcity politics here in California or overregulation.   America's food system is at risk because we have regulatory agencies  waiting with bated breath to prosecute any American farmer that stands  up for their property rights, their right to farm, their right to  produce food for American families.   It is a huge risk. Farmers all over America are making decisions to  avoid these entanglements, avoid a fight, not farm, unless prices are  incredibly high because it is just not worth it.   Add in the risk of water supply, add in the risk of inadequate  infrastructure, add in the risk of arbitrary bureaucrats making  decisions right up until the last minute that affect our ability to  plan our farming even for the next year, and our food supply in America  is in peril.   It is absolutely unquestionably in peril, and we see it reflected in  every grocery store across America today. The food inflation is  crushing working families in America.   Abundance is affordability. Until we become an abundant society and  we understand the farmers, the energy producers to be the champions of  abundance, and the regulators, the NGOs that would stop abundance any  way they can to be the lords of scarcity, American working families are  going to pay the cost at the gas pump.   They are going to pay the cost on their heating bill. They are going  to pay the cost at the grocery store. They are going to suffer the  housing inflation we have seen in California.   In California, a working family is spending 30 percent of their  income on food and 33 percent of their income on housing.   There is nothing left for the other expenses they have in their  lives, and this is all due to regulatory overload.   We are overburdened by regulations, we are overburdened by  restrictions on what we do, and the American working family is paying  for it every day.    So thank you, Congressman LaMalfa. Thank you for being a champion of  abundance. Back in 2015, 2016, and 2017, we were having our battles.   Thank you for being here today. You are a friend of not only the  farmer; you are a friend of the American working family and  affordability and nutrition across the country.    Madam Speaker, the other side of affordability is  opportunity, and families can't make ends meet unless they have  affordable food, affordable energy, affordable housing. They can't do  the best they can do without opportunity.   Until America decides to take practical steps to power our grid, we  are not going to have the industrial growth, the worker productivity,  the opportunity that American families deserve.   I think Congressman LaMalfa makes a very clear case that other  countries are happy to take those jobs, happy to provide their citizens  with opportunities that American citizens won't have.   As we look at our global food system that is based in California and  throughout many States, a global food system will ship food to whoever  can afford it best. In the emerging middle and upper classes in India  and China, where they are running a carbon economy, where they are  creating jobs, where their grid stays lit 24/7 and has plenty of room  for industrial growth, is where we are seeing opportunity in work and  jobs, and it is where Americans are going to see their dinner flow to.   