 Mr. Speaker, I listened with interest to my colleague from  Texas as she recounted some of the realities when talking about school  boards. Well, I have come to know Scott Smith of Loudoun County. I  consider him a friend. I have been talking to him since the actions  against his family--in response to his daring to go to the school board  to question the abuse of his daughter--resulted in his name being put  out as the poster child for the weaponization of government against  parents who dare question school boards.   And, yes, in fact, the National School Board Association sent a  letter. But what became increasingly clear is that it was in collusion  with the White House seeking the letter. That has become readily clear  from the emails that we have gotten through Freedom of Information Act  requests, that the Biden White House was seeking the National School  Board Association to have that kind of a letter request in order that  they, the Biden administration, be able to target Scott Smith and other  parents around this country.   Every American should shudder at the power of the government, the  Federal Government, being targeted at parents for daring to stand up  and defend a daughter who was abused in a bathroom in the Loudoun  County Public Schools.   By the way, the superintendent in Loudoun County has been indicted.  This is the truth. Yet, this administration wanted to make Scott Smith  the bad guy--not the rapist, not the school board that allowed this to  occur in the schools in Loudoun County. It is not just parents.   What about Bunni Pounds in the Christians Engaged organization? The  IRS was targeting their nonprofit status because they happened to be  religious. This is the power of the IRS.   How about the power of our public health elite who made decisions and  put out misinformation that undermined the ability of Americans to  stand up and to continue their jobs and continue to go to school?   Instead, they were masked and had needles put in their arms.    Now we want to know the truth. Not the origins, but the  truth. This committee is critically important, and we are going to find  the truth. We are going to defend the American people against the  weaponization of government.   