 Mr. President, I am pleased to follow my colleague  from Rhode Island and join him in urging confirmation of these highly  qualified and experienced men and women to positions of great trust and  responsibility in our military, but they are just a fraction of the  total whom we have an obligation to confirm.   Rather than looking at the transcript of my remarks today, I urge my  colleagues to view or read the record of last night. There were 3 to 4  hours of eloquence and intransigence--eloquence on the part of a number  of our colleagues, including Senator Graham, Senator Young, Senator  Ernst, and Senator Sullivan, seeking to persuade one Member of the U.S.  Senate whose intransigence is preventing the Nation from having the  benefit of military leadership that it needs and deserves.   Again and again and again, Senator Tuberville objected to  confirmation of individual nominees for the highest and most  responsible position in our U.S. military. Make no mistake, he said  repeatedly that he would permit those nominees to go forward as long as  they were considered individually, and our colleagues gave him the  opportunity to allow them to go forward. But he has continued to change  the goalposts, to alter the conditions of approving their confirmation,  simply because of a personal preference on policy that those nominees  had nothing to do with. Our colleagues made that point repeatedly, as  well as the damage to our national security that is resulting from his  intransigence. Our military readiness is undermined. Morale is reduced.  Recruitment is severely damaged. The health and well-being of military  families, including, most prominently, the Commandant of the Marine  Corps--our prayers are with him. Our hearts are with his family. We  hope for General Smith's speedy recovery.    But, right now, our military is lacking the leadership that it needs  in key positions around the world, and it is impacting not only their  professional abilities but also their personal lives: kids going to  school, selling homes. We are making life more difficult for men and  women who serve and sacrifice to keep us safe.   As one of our colleagues said last night--and I am quoting--I think I  am done with this. I hope this body will be done with the intransigence  of the Senator from Alabama and move forward with a resolution. I am  proud to say I participated in drafting it. It is narrowly tailored to  fit this situation, applying only to this session, for key positions in  our military that are essential to confirm, seeking to surmount the  obstructionism that has gridlocked and paralyzed this body in moving  forward.   It is time to reform the rule. That time is, in fact, overdue. The  regrettable illness of our Commandant, the threats around the world, in  Israel and Ukraine, make it no longer a matter of choice. We must move  forward with this draft resolution, and I hope my colleagues will  recognize the importance of doing so.   As one of our colleagues on the other side said last night, this  intransigence, this resistance to allowing the body to move forward and  confirm these nominees is going to ``wreck'' the military. That is not  some hypothetical fear; it is a real prospect that we need to avoid.  The precedent of an individual Senator using a policy preference to  stop confirmation is one that will potentially wreck this body's  credibility and ability to move forward with key nominees for a variety  of positions in the military and outside it.   I yield the floor.   