 Mr. President, in the coming weeks, Congress has a  responsibility to equip America and our allies to face a historic array  of national security challenges. To understand the urgency of this  moment, just look at the impossible choices facing our ally Israel as  it works to bring innocent people home from terrorist captivity.   These brutal terrorists bankroll their existence with the blood of  innocent people. They know that their hostages can be cashed in for a  brief reprieve from justice or in exchange for terrorists incarcerated  in Israel. The humanitarian crisis in Gaza is one of Hamas's own  design. Just as there is no moral equivalence between terrorism and  self-defense, there is no moral equivalence between innocent hostages  and convicted terrorists and criminals.   Unfortunately, this is not just a reminder for the activists on elite  campuses and in national newsrooms who uncritically lapped up and  regurgitated activist propaganda. It is also for some of our colleagues  here in Congress.   According to some reports, Senate Democrats will use their caucus  lunch today to discuss placing restrictions on U.S. military assistance  to Israel. One of our colleagues is already on the record demanding  that President Biden ``be more aggressive with the Israelis.'' Another  has declared that ``not one penny will be coming to Israel'' unless our  ally bends to his view--offered from the comfort of a Senate office--on  how Israel should conduct self-defense operations.   If Senate Democrats want to vote to tie the hands of Israeli soldiers  as they defend their country against vicious terrorists, I welcome such  a debate.   For anyone who needs to hear it again, the conflict unfolding today  is between a sovereign democracy that takes great pains to avoid  civilian casualties and terrorist butchers who go out of their way to  inflict civilian casualties and put their own civilians in harm's way.  Israel deserves the time, the space, and the resources to restore its  security, and I will stand by our ally 100 percent.   For that matter, our own people--American men and women in uniform-- deserve the same unwavering commitment to restoring credible deterrence  against Iran.   Since October 17, Iran-backed terrorists have launched at least 73  attacks against U.S. personnel in Iraq and  [[Page S5620]]  Syria. Clearly, President Biden's strikes against desert warehouses  have not given our adversaries pause. The world's leading state sponsor  of terrorism remains demonstrably undeterred.   Right now, we have a responsibility to equip Israel to destroy Hamas,  deter violence against American servicemembers, and invest seriously in  American hard power--a language our adversaries in Iran, in Moscow, and  in Beijing actually understand. Supplemental national security  legislation is our chance to uphold this responsibility.   