 Mr. President, on a lighter note than the majority  leader's, I would like to talk about something a little different.   A couple of weekends ago, Americans across the country lost an hour  of sleep to ``spring forward'' and reset their clocks for what we call  daylight savings time. I am willing to bet losing that hour might have  caused some friends back home in Alabama to have been late for church  that day.   But the outdated practice of changing our clocks twice a year has  many more consequences than the inconvenience of running behind, and  Congress should make this year the last time we ever change our clocks  by passing the Sunshine Protection Act.   Over the past 2 years, I have received many, many calls from people  across Alabama to make daylight savings time permanent. Many  Alabamians, including parents, seniors, farmers, citizens, and mental  health professionals, have all reached out to my office in support of  days of more sunshine in the evening--but not just Alabamians.  Millions--I mean, millions--of Americans are ready to end the outdated  practice of springing forward and falling back.   The idea of daylight savings time was originally known as wartime, W- A-R. It was first introduced as a temporary measure to conserve energy  and better utilize resources during World War I. Now, nearly 100 years  later, Americans' energy consumption has rapidly, rapidly changed.  While adjustments to our clocks might have made sense when it first  began, it does not make sense for modern times today.   That is why I joined Senator Marco Rubio and a bipartisan group of my  colleagues to reintroduce the Sunshine Protection Act to make daylight  savings time permanent. The bill would provide an extra hour of  sunlight in the afternoon, which would be most notable during the dark  and cold winter months.   Many studies have proven that extra sunlight in the evening can lead  to improvements in mental health, physical fitness, economic growth,  and overall well-being. It is a simple way we could positively impact  the day-to-day life of all Americans and finally get something done  that a lot of people really care about.   Shifting clocks can disrupt sleep patterns, but a permanent daylight  savings time will help Americans maintain a consistent sleep schedule.  Studies have suggested that the disruption of sleep patterns associated  with the shift in time has increased the risks of cardiovascular  disease and physical injuries. Northwestern Medicine found that the  ``fall back'' and ``spring forward'' comes with a 9-percent spike in  fatal car accidents and a 24-percent higher risk of heart attacks.    Additionally, the long-term effects linked to daylight saving time  include weight gain, headaches, and depression. The time switch in the  fall increases seasonal affective disorder every year.   A study published in 2017 found that the transition from daylight  saving time to standard time increased--increased--the number of  hospital visits for depression by 11 percent.   Permanent daylight saving time with extra sunlight in the evening  will also encourage more physical activity, allow more time for people  to go on walks, participate in recreational activities, and attend  outdoor events. Kids will be able to enjoy more time outdoors after  school with friends year-round, and older Americans will have more  access to vitamin D.   Longer daylight hours in the evening have proven to stimulate  economic activity, as well, because people are more likely to shop,  dine out, and participate in other activities.   COVID lockdowns, which were very recent, and their crippling economic  effect throughout the country underscore how valuable our small  businesses are for local economies and our entire Nation as a whole.   The agriculture industry is also greatly affected by daylight saving  time, as more sunshine during working hours means more time to work on  their crops, which could translate into a more profitable bottom line.  It could also decrease expensive energy consumption on farms by  reducing the need for artificial lighting and heating.   It is estimated that the time change costs the U.S. economy more than  $400 million in lost productivity annually.   Alabama, along with 17 other States, has already passed legislation  to end the outdated practice of changing our clocks--17. However, the  Federal Government must act to make those laws go into effect.   Congress should listen--should listen--to the people and pass the  Sunshine Protection Act to make daylight saving time permanent before  we readjust our clocks again next fall. The change would improve our  health, bolster our economy, benefit our farmers, and put America on  the path to a brighter future.   It is time for America to move forward and stop falling back.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Will  Bridges, in my office, be granted floor privileges until May 1, 2023.   