 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 83, I call up  the resolution (H. Res. 76) removing a certain Member from a certain  standing committee of the House, and ask for its immediate  consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on H. Res. 76.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I come today to the floor pursuant to the process put in  place by the previous majority in the 117th Congress. At that time, I  served as a member on the House Ethics Committee. Today, I serve as  chair of that committee.   Roughly 2 years ago, on February 4, 2021, I publicly warned of the  dangerous precedent set by the previous majority as they put in place  an unprecedented process to remove minority Members from their  committee assignments.   Two years ago, Democrats offered a resolution. That resolution, based  on clause 1, House rule XXIII, removed a Republican Member from all  committees and referred the matter to the House Ethics Committee.   However, the process instituted at that time by Speaker Nancy Pelosi,  bypassed any Ethics Committee involvement and brought the matter  directly to the House floor for a vote.   I, and many other Republicans, warned that this majority veto over  the minority party's committee assignment appointments removed  important rights of the minority party. Republican Members also warned  that this process set a precedent that future majorities would follow  to remove Members from committee assignments.   Following the roadmap previously approved by the Democrat-controlled  117th Congress, we are here today to debate and to consider H. Res. 76,  a resolution to remove Representative Omar from serving on the  Committee on Foreign Affairs.   Today's resolution, as it relates to Representative Omar, details six  statements she made as a sitting Member of Congress that, under the  totality of the circumstances, disqualify her from serving on the  Committee on Foreign Affairs.   It is important to note that this resolution is very narrowly  tailored and does not prevent Representative Omar from serving on other  committees. H. Res. 76, instead, simply states that she cannot serve on  a committee that receives classified briefings and is responsible for  maintaining international diplomacy.   The Committee on Foreign Affairs is a prestigious committee, viewed  by nations around the world, both allies and adversaries, as speaking  for Congress on matters of international importance and national  security.   All Members, both Republicans and Democrats alike, who seek to serve  on the Committee on Foreign Affairs should be held to the highest  standard of conduct due to the international sensitivity and national  security concerns under the jurisdiction of this committee.   Based upon the important mission of this committee and the precedent  previously set to remove Members from their committee assignments, I  support this resolution today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, before I yield time to the gentleman from  Ohio, I do want to point out that H. Res. 72 of the 117th Congress,  which is the resolution that stripped Marjorie Taylor Greene of her  committee assignments, contained no language whatsoever relating to due  process and set forth no appeals process for her to be able to appeal  the ruling of the body as a whole.   I will say that the resolution that we are debating today does  contain language as to an appellate process. So I do believe that the  resolution that we are debating today does contain additional rights to  the Member that we are seeking to remove than what was offered in H.  Res. 72 as it relates to Marjorie Taylor Greene.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from the great State  of Ohio (Mr. Miller).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Kustoff).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New  York (Ms. Malliotakis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Indiana (Mrs. Spartz).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Lawler).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentleman from New York.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Florida, (Mr. Gimenez), my friend.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Madam Speaker, I adopt the comments that were made by the then- chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Eliot Engel.   In late February 2019, after a third anti-Semitic statement in just  over 2 weeks--17 days, to be exact--then-chairman of the Foreign  Affairs Committee Eliot Engel said these words: ``It's unacceptable and  deeply offensive to call into question the loyalty of fellow American  citizens because of their political views, including support for the  U.S.-Israel relationship. We all take the same oath. Worse,  Representative Omar's comments leveled that charge by invoking a vile  anti-Semitic slur;''   Whereas, Chairman Engel went on to say that ``such comments have `no  place in the Foreign Affairs Committee or the House of  Representatives.' ''   I agree with the statements made by Chairman Engel.   Not only do Representative Omar's comments have no place in the  Foreign Affairs Committee, I hold that anyone who makes such statements  has no place serving on the Foreign Affairs Committee.   I ask all Members to support this resolution removing Ms. Omar from  the Committee on Foreign Affairs.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   