 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, 9 days have passed since Hamas launched  its unprovoked attack on the State of Israel. Hamas fighters have  entered Israel by land, air, and sea. They brutally murdered, abused,  and kidnapped innocent civilians. They paraded hostages through the  streets of Gaza like trophies.   Hamas terrorists--and that is exactly what they are--killed at least  1,400 Israelis, making it the deadliest days for Jews since the  Holocaust. Nearly 200 additional people were kidnapped by Hamas,  including at least 13 Americans who are currently unaccounted for, on  top of the 30 Americans who we know have been killed in the attack.   Since this war began--and that is what it is, a war on the State of  Israel--we have witnessed evil in its purest form. There is no  excusing, no equivocating, no explaining the actions of Hamas. It is  not trying to protect the Palestinian people or promote freedom;  Hamas's singular goal is to annihilate the Jewish people and wipe  Israel off the map. Any attempt to explain or justify or provide some  argument of moral equivalence is completely wrong, and it is dangerous.  It plays directly into these terrorists' hands.   First of all, Israel has a right to defend itself. It has a right to  exist--something Hamas wishes was not the case. If Hamas or any other  terrorist group launches an attack on Israel, its government has both  the right and the responsibility to protect its citizens.   Second, the number of civilian casualties on both sides, particularly  those children and babies, is absolutely appalling and heartbreaking.  But then again, the innocent always bear the ultimate cost of war.   Over the last several days, we have seen videos and heard firsthand  accounts of the terror Hamas has unleashed against Israel and the  Israeli people. These images and stories are extremely difficult to  watch, but they are also very important to share. People need to know  what is happening. They need to know the truth, not some  [[Page S4972]]  candy-coated version of the truth. The people of the United States and  the rest of the world need to understand the magnitude and the threat  of what is unfolding in the Middle East.   Texas, I am happy to say, is home to a sizable Jewish community. For  these individuals, the war in Israel is far more than just a sad clip  or the most recent news; it is a deeply personal attack on their faith  and their family, because many Texans--many Americans--have relatives  living in Israel as I speak.   Last week, I visited the Temple Emanu-El in Dallas to hear from  several members of the Jewish community in my State whose families and  friends were directly impacted by this war against Israel. I heard from  one incredible mom, Kim, whose sons--26-year-old Benji and 24-year-old  Sammy--both serve in the Israel Defense Forces. They were born and  raised in Dallas and moved to Israel after high school and joined the  IDF. Benji's wife Leah is a New York native and also a soldier in the  Israel Defense Forces. Kim says she struggles to sleep at night. She is  constantly checking her phone to see if she is getting messages and to  make sure her two sons are safe.   I also heard from another brave woman, Aya, whose family moved from  Israel to Dallas just 2 months ago. Aya and her husband and her three  children came to the United States from a small kibbutz near the Gaza  Strip, where she was a teacher. She said she and her husband were  awakened last Saturday by a string of messages on her phone from  friends, neighbors, and former students describing the terror that was  unfolding in their former home. Aya told me about conversations with  former students who were terrified that they might be next. She shared  stories of people fleeing and showed me photos of four people who were  believed to have been kidnapped and two others who had been killed.   As hard as it is to hear these tragic stories--and I know there were  even more difficult ones to share--they help us all understand the  depravity and the evil of what Hamas has unleashed on innocent men,  women, and children--civilians--in Israel. Although this is thousands  of miles away from where we are, it affects all of us deeply.   Of course, these pictures show the brutality of Hamas and underscore  the need to continue our support for the nation of Israel as it tries  to eradicate this terrorist threat. Over the last several days, the  support for Israel has been overwhelming. It transcends party lines,  religion, race, and ethnicity. This is not an issue of opinion; this is  a battle between right and wrong, good and evil.   Of course, the United States has a long and proud history of  supporting Israel since its inception in 1948, and it is important for  Hamas and its allies--and they, of course, are a proxy force for Iran,  the No. 1 state sponsor of terrorism, as is Hezbollah in Lebanon--it is  important for the terrorists and their sponsors to understand that  America's support for Israel is not limited to rhetoric. If Israel  needs weapons, the United States will provide them. If Israel needs  support gathering or analyzing intelligence, the United States will  provide it. If Israel needs help with humanitarian assistance, medical  supplies--whatever they need--the United States and the people of this  great country will answer the call.    The United States will not toe the line between good and evil. We  will stand with our allies as they defend their home against a  terrorist invasion, just as we did when cowardly terrorists took 3,000  lives here in Washington, DC, and Pennsylvania about 20 years ago.   As the fighting continues, I am reminded of the saying that has been  around for years. It goes: If Hamas laid down its weapons today, there  would be no more violence. If Israel laid down its weapons today, there  would be no more Israel.   Hamas is not fighting for peace. It is not fighting to defend their  way of life or their territory. It is trying to wipe out an entire  people. It is trying to wipe Israel off the map--with the help,  support, and training, the aiding and abetting by Iran, the No. 1 state  sponsor of terrorism, as I said. That is what is at stake here.   Israel has been the lone beacon of democracy in the Middle East. It  is a sacred home for the Jewish people. Christians travel to Israel  each year to look at the place where their faith and their religion  were born.   Of course, Israel is also a longtime friend and ally of the United  States and has always had America's full and unwavering support.  Whether there is a Democrat or a Republican in the White House, whether  Democrats have the majority or are in the minority or vice versa, the  United States has always supported Israel and will continue to do so  during these very difficult and tragic days.   This week, the Senate is expected to pass a bipartisan resolution  condemning Hamas's attack on Israel and expressing our support for  Israel's response. I am proud to be a cosponsor of that legislation--or  that resolution, and I hope it will pass the Senate with a unanimous  vote.   America must remain steadfast in its commitment to support Israel and  continue to counter threats posed by terrorist organizations around the  world. As I have said, we have been the victim of some of these  terrorist organizations, and Americans have lost their lives as a  result of our failure of imagination to dream of the possibility that  they might not just attack over there but would actually attack us  here.   Of course, we all hope and pray for a day in the future when the  Middle East can be a place of peace, stability, and democracy. We  simply will not reach that point without a strong and secure Israel.   I stand in full support of Israel and will continue to advocate for  any form of assistance she needs, whether it is military, humanitarian,  or otherwise.   We must stand with Israel. The United States does not bow down to  terrorist organizations, and we will not allow our allies to be bullied  and beaten by Hamas or any other terrorist organization.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   