 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order.    Mr. Speaker, we are just 2 days away from  the August district work period, and on Friday our colleagues will  return home to our 435 districts across this great country.   I know on the Republican side everyone will be holding townhalls and  roundtables, and they will meet with constituents and businessowners.  They will be with the people that we represent here in the people's  House. We have so much to relay to them.   This has been a busy 7 months in this Congress, and House Republicans  have  [[Page H4017]]  passed a lot of important legislation. We are keeping our commitment to  America that we ran on in the last election cycle.   Here is a short list: The Lower Energy Costs Act. We passed that and  it unleashed American energy production.   The Secure the Border Act is the most comprehensive border security  package ever passed by the United States Congress.   The Parents Bill of Rights Act ensures that parents have a seat at  the table.   The National Defense Authorization Act that is full of important  priorities and pushes back on radical leftist policy in our military.   There is so much more. I could spend the entire designated hour going  through the list of major accomplishments.   The House Republicans also, by the way, ended the COVID-19 national  emergency. We rescinded two backwards D.C. crime bills. We have  conducted rigorous oversight of an administration that has played fast  and loose with the rule of law.   Not long ago, discussion of the Hunter Biden laptop was literally  blocked on social media--I mean, literally. We have a 155-page Federal  court opinion in the landmark litigation, Missouri and Louisiana v.  Biden. The court looked at volumes of evidence and deliberated for  months and issued a preliminary injunction order explained in these 155  pages.   The court says that the facts show very clearly that the Biden  administration and its agencies, including the DOJ, FBI, CDC,  Department of Homeland Security, and others, were engaged in a whole- of-government censorship effort. They censored and silenced and  suppressed the viewpoints of Conservatives, specifically online. They  met routinely with the social media companies and told them to pull  down voices and messages they disagreed with, so-called misinformation  that none of them obviously can define. They blatantly violated the  Constitution and the First Amendment.   The court said that if all of these allegations are true--and that is  what the facts show--it is, arguably, the most massive attack on free  speech in the history of the United States. That is what the court  said, not Republicans. We have been on that and we have been  investigating that.   News organizations just a few months ago called Members who dared to  question the narrative about the Hunter Biden laptop as conspiracy  theorists and extremists.   Thanks to the work of our various committees, not only has this  information been verified, but we have uncovered a wealth of  information not only linking Hunter Biden to illegal activities, but  very likely the President himself.   We will take this time during the August work period to continue to  share all these important facts with the American people. I am  encouraged that people are following these developments and they are  demanding accountability.   Mr. Speaker, we have a great lineup of Republican Members here  tonight to speak during our hour.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Van Orden),  my good friend and a former Navy SEAL.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Van Orden for his  service to this country and for his expertise on this, it is greatly  appreciated.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Rose).    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, he made  some great points.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Babin).    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Babin. He is  right. That woke agenda has had a corrosive effect on the culture.  Today I was reading a new Gallup poll, only 18 percent of 18- to 34- year-olds are now extremely proud to be an American. It is just  shocking. That is the result. Ideas have consequences.   Mr. Speaker, we will go from Texas all the way up to New York.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Langworthy).    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his  very important points. It is hard to be connected at all if we don't  have broadband. It is related to health, education, and every aspect of  our lives now.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LaMalfa).    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend. There is so  much wisdom coming out of California that I will stay with the theme.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Obernolte), who is one of the most intelligent and thoughtful Members  of the Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend. He never  uses notes when he speaks.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Collins), who  is a good Southern gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for speaking  about very important priorities for Louisiana, as well.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Miller- Meeks).    Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. Miller-Meeks for  clarifying the record, for her expertise, and for 24 years in the U.S.  Army as a nurse and a doctor. I really appreciate her good word on  that.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. Kiley),  who is overqualified to be serving in Congress, one of the brightest we  have.    Mr. Speaker, I am happy to have had so many  of our colleagues here tonight to share not only about these important  appropriations bills but also to recount some of the many really  important legislative victories and oversight responsibilities that we  have fulfilled here in the first 7 months of this Congress.    As I said in the opening, when we all go home now for this August  district work period, we have a very important story to tell the  American people.   We will continue to share the facts. We will continue to encourage  them by the good work being done here.   The other thing we have to do, of course, is to continue to defend  and support their faith in our institutions because, right now, faith  in those institutions is at an all-time low.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   