 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Rogers for his  outstanding leadership in crafting the strongest defense bill I have  seen during my time in Congress.   Year after year, the chairman assures us that we are going to have a  strong NDAA that we can be proud of back home, and this year is no  different.   In July, this body passed the NDAA on a bipartisan basis to provide  our warfighters with the resources and the authorities they need to  provide for the defense of our Nation.   As a former Navy rear admiral, I know the vital role this legislation  plays in our national security. Not only does this NDAA ensure that we  have the weapons systems and equipment that our servicemembers need, it  makes needed course corrections to restore the military's focus on  fighting and winning wars.   This bill ensures that our military is laser focused on confronting  the most  [[Page H4421]]  pressing national security threats that our Nation faces.   However, now, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have  chosen to come to the floor and are seeking to inject politics back  into our military by overturning the Jackson-Roy amendment that was  adopted on a bipartisan basis to end the Department of Defense's  illegal and immoral abortion policy.   After the Supreme Court's historic decision to overturn Roe v. Wade,  the Biden administration made their intention clear that they would  work to sidestep the law however possible.   The Biden administration has pulled every lever within the Federal  Government and encouraged Federal agencies to create rules and adopt  policies that not only expand abortion access but also leave American  taxpayers on the hook to subsidize abortion services.   Not even the Department of Defense was spared from the Biden  administration's efforts. In October of last year, the Secretary of  Defense released a memo titled: ``Ensuring Access to Reproductive  Health Care.''   This memo outlined the steps to be taken by the Department to use  taxpayer dollars to provide servicemembers and their dependents access  to abortions and for providers to travel to different States to obtain  the licensing required to perform such procedures.   In February of this year, the DOD enacted the policies outlined in  the memo and became a completely unjustified and inappropriate  participant in the war on life.   According to its illegal policy, the DOD can now reimburse travel  expenses for servicemembers and their dependents who travel to obtain  an abortion in another State and can also reimburse any associated fees  for healthcare professionals seeking to be licensed in other States for  the purpose of performing abortions, all, once again, on the taxpayers'  dime.   Last year, immediately after the DOD started this unconstitutional  process, Congressman Roy and I got to work to address this issue and  ensure that we developed a bill to right this wrong.   I am so proud to stand on the House floor today and say that our  provision mandating the DOD cease this insanity was successfully  included in the House-passed version of the bill.    At the same time, Senator Tuberville has bravely and steadfastly held  the line in the Senate by placing a hold on all DOD senior leader  nominations until the DOD complies with Federal law and ceases its  abortion policies.   The DOD has complained that these holds harm national security, but  the DOD has the ability to stop this immediately. All they have to do  is rescind this illegal policy.   It has become clear to me that the Biden administration has purposely  prioritized an illegal and highly political abortion policy over  confirming general and flag officers in our military.   This Biden-endorsed policy has nothing to do with strengthening our  national security. Instead, this is just the latest example of the  Biden administration pushing its radical and extreme pro-abortion  agenda, ironically in the very agency responsible for defending  American lives.   Regardless of your political or moral stance on abortion, this policy  is in direct violation of Federal law, specifically section 1093 of  title 10, U.S. Code, which restricts funds made available to the DOD  from being used to perform abortions or for DOD facilities to be used  for abortions.   No doubt my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will insist  that taxpayer dollars are not directly funding these abortions, thereby  rendering their policy legally sound. This is absolutely misleading,  and they are lying to the American people.   While funds may not be going directly to the performance of the  procedure, it has always been true that a restriction on funding for  abortion is a restriction on funding for any cost used to promote or  facilitate the abortion.   Funding travel and/or other costs for an abortion is, in fact,  funding the abortion. There is no other reason for these travel  expenses except to get an abortion. Therefore, providing financial  support for the travel expenses relating to an abortion is a clear  violation of laws that are already on the books.   The NDAA is meant to provide aid, support, and direction to the men  and women charged with defending the security of this Nation. When  necessary, it is also a mechanism through which we can bring the  Department into compliance as needed.   Inclusion of the House's prohibition on the DOD's abortion policy in  this year's NDAA is vital to bringing the Department into statutory  compliance in accordance with our oversight function and refocusing the  Department on its core mission of fighting and winning wars.   It stops here and it stops now. On this issue, I will never relent.   The days of the radical left ignoring the law and driving their  social agenda in the military are done. I will absolutely not waver in  my defense of the unborn or in my support of the rule of law.   I will do everything I can to ensure our military servicemembers can  focus on their jobs and their families instead of being used to score  political points for the Biden administration.   I appreciate the chairman's strong leadership in crafting this year's  bill, and I look forward to the conference process where we will do  everything in our power to maintain this vital provision.   