 Mr. Chair, I appreciate the opportunity to address a  technical issue I have on the bill.   First, let me say I have been a strong supporter of the Parents Bill  of Rights  [[Page H1362]]  Act, and I believe this bill gives much-needed certainty to parents  that they will have transparency in their child's education.   Simply put, this bill guarantees all parents a voice in the decisions  that affect their children and a seat at the table. It makes clear that  you do not relinquish your rights as a parent simply by sending your  child to a public school.   Now, among the bill's main components, parents have the right to know  what their children are being taught. Parents have the right to be  heard. Parents have a right to see the school budget and spending.  Parents have a right to protect their child's privacy. Parents have a  right to keep their children safe.   Some say this is already the case, and that this is just codifying.  Well, if that is the case, then great. We are codifying into law the  ability and the rights of parents.   Now, these are important safeguards that not only ensure parents'  rights, but they also respect State and local control of our schools.  It does not get into what is taught in schools, what books or materials  are used, or how a school should address a given issue. Those decisions  are still left to the State and local school districts.   In addition, when it comes to their child's health and well-being,  parents have a right to know if a school employee acts to treat,  advise, or address issues of cyberbullying, bullying, hazing, mental  health, suicidal ideation or self-harm, possession or use of drugs, an  eating disorder, or if a child brings a gun to school.   Now, there are also protections included in this bill that require  parents to be informed if their school takes action to change their  child's gender markers, pronouns, preferred name, or make sex-based  accommodations for locker rooms or bathrooms.   Mr. Chair, I recently met with constituents from the LGBTQ+ community  in my district, including trans youth and parents. They raised several  concerns about this language, concerns primarily focused on the safety  and well-being of these youth, especially trans youth.   So Dr. Foxx, I am hoping that you can clarify some of this for me and  for the Record.   Does the bill require teachers or school officials to disclose the  sexual orientation of a student or statements made by the student about  his or her gender identity?   Second, will students still have the ability to speak with teachers,  advisers, or school officials without fear that those conversations  will be subject to disclosure?   And finally, will States and local school districts still be able to  come up with their own policies and best practices for informing  parents about these issues so as to ensure the well-being and safety of  their child?    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for her clarification.    Mr. Chair, I have amendment No. 14 at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R. 5, the Parents  Bill of Rights Act.   In my district and in districts across the country, our education  system is a balance of public schools, private schools, charter  schools, parochial schools, vocational schools, and home schools.   My amendment would make clear this bill only applies to schools that  take funds from the Department of Education and would ensure that non- public schools are able to determine their own curriculum and not have  curriculum imposed on them by local school boards and States that  disregard that right.   In New York, for instance, this is of great concern as the current  Governor and her administration have attempted to impose severe  restrictions on private schools, including Catholic schools and  yeshivas in school districts across the State. A key provision of this  new State regulation was actually thrown out in court today.   Parents choose to send their children to the school they feel best  fits their needs and beliefs. It is not the role of any government to  dictate to parents and children what they should believe or practice,  and in my district, that certainly is a concern held by many parents.   I have parents contact my office every day with concerns about their  children's education and the State trying to force itself into the  relationship between educators and students.   I am hopeful that my colleagues will join me in supporting this  amendment, which protects non-public schools from being forced to adopt  questionable practices forced on them by school boards and States.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   