 Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1210, and ask  that it be reported by number.    Mr. President, we are, unfortunately, in a world where  COVID will be with us for the rest of our lives. That is not a good  thing. It is not a thing to celebrate, but it is a thing to accept.   What we do not have to accept and what we do not have to make part of  our lives is the never-ending cycle of public health panic that greets  the rise of a respiratory virus that there is very little we can do to  stop or control. What we do not have to accept is airline passengers  fighting amongst each other and fighting with flight attendants because  the flight attendants are asked to enforce a mask mandate. What we do  not have to accept is that we respond to a public health problem with  panic and with fear.   We know, of course, that the era of mask mandates caused a lot of  problems. It caused problems for our kids. It caused developmental  delays for school children. It caused a lot of rancor and a lot of  division within our common American family.   If people want to wear masks, of course, they should be able to. But  if people don't want to wear masks on airplanes, on transit, they  should have that option as well, and that is all that my amendment  does. It is narrowly scoped. It applies for the next 11 months, and it  applies to transportation cases. And I think it is reasonable to not  ask the American people to reenter the era of mask mandates. My  amendment does that, and I ask that my colleagues support it.     Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Reserving the right to object, with respect to my  colleague from Illinois, I heard a number of arguments that I somehow  changed my tune. What I would say is I haven't changed my tune. The  Senator from Illinois keeps making different arguments, and I keep  needing to respond to each one of them.   But to restate my fundamental problem here, I will note that one of  the consistent criticisms of my hold on Department of Justice nominees  is that this is unprecedented; that when Donald Trump was President, we  let these nominees sail through, and now I am holding up these  nominations to the Department of Justice. I would counter that what is  unprecedented is not the hold policy but the Department of Justice  attempting to throw its political opponents in jail.   Now, much is made about the political prosecution of Donald Trump. I  think that is unjustified, and it is, frankly, scary in the world's  greatest democracy to have the political opposition leader prosecuted  by the sitting President. That is pretty weird, not something that  happens a whole lot in the United States of America--and thank God for  that.   But you don't even need to make it about the current President. You  can  [[Page S5171]]  run down any number of everyday conservatives, people who have been  prosecuted, investigated, harassed by this Department of Justice. It  should be enforcing the law. It should leave the politics to this  Chamber and to the electoral process.   I will continue to object so long as the Department of Justice  conducts its business in a highly politicized way. If Merrick Garland  or anyone else is listening, please get back to the business of  enforcing the law, get out of politics, and then and only then will I  release my hold policy.   Because of that, I object.   