 Mr. Chair, the Biden administration has  been quite focused on destroying the American energy industry. This  entire insane focus on allegedly protecting a species of whale in the  Gulf of Mexico has been used by the Biden administration to attempt to  deeply restrict oil and gas actions in the Gulf of Mexico.   Whales, Mr. Chair. They wanted to stop vessels from moving at night.  They wanted to stop vessels from moving over 10 knots. It is insane.   Americans are struggling. Inflation is crushing us. The American  energy industry should be unleashed, not oppressed.   I rise in support of Representative Graves' amendment, and I urge all  Members to support this amendment in support of an American energy  industry that should be dominant worldwide.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of this  amendment, and I thank my colleague for introducing it.   Madam Chair, our history is our history, all of it. We live in an era  wherein my Democrat colleagues across the aisle seem to fail to  recognize the simple fact that if you are rewriting history, you are  rewriting history of this body, and the American people have lost all  trust in any kind of sanity coming out of my Democrat colleagues.   From sea to shining sea, taking down statues. How is that working?  How is that going, Madam Chair?   Do we have peace in our time? Is our border okay? Is the world not on  fire? Do we have more or less racial problems in America today than we  did 20 years ago?   It is insane, again, what my Democrat colleagues push.   The confederate soldiers buried in Arlington, shall you remove their  bones?   Madam Chair, I support the amendment.    Mr. Chair, the EPA does not need armed  agents loaded with attitude rolling up on American citizens trying to  mind their own business. This is happening. It is stunning but it is  happening. You have armed EPA agents rolling up on our farmers with no  warrant. You have two agents emerge from an unmarked car to check the  fuel in the saddlebag tanks of diesel trucks with their little strips  and proceed to issue $10,000 fines.   Can you imagine, Mr. Chair, your city's code enforcement being pushed  by armed agents with attitudes? This is happening in our EPA. It is  happening in other alphabet agencies. It is wrong, and we are going to  put a stop to it one way or another.   I support my friend's amendment, and I urge all colleagues to step up  and push back against the weaponization of our Federal Government  against the American people.   