 Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chair, prohibiting funds for electric vehicles,  electric chargers, and photovoltaic technology?   Over the past 4 years, every Army and every Marine Corps uniformed  officer who testified before our Tactical Air and Land Forces  Subcommittee has been crystal clear: electrification of combat and  tactical vehicles has tremendous operating promise and value. That is  what they, the experts, tell us.   This capability is needed sooner rather than later.   In every meeting I have had with military leaders on electrification,  they talk about electric vehicle operational value, that this is a  proven tactical capability that will make our ground forces more  mobile, lethal, and survivable.   This is about fighting and winning. This is not a climate issue. This  is about giving our warfighters the best equipment.   Mr. Chair, when you walk down the street, do you hear those electric  cars? No, you don't. That is exactly why they want this. It is because  they are quiet. They don't put out the heat signature of combustion  engines.   This isn't made up accidentally. This is the testimony from military  leaders over the last 4 years, starting with the Trump administration  and now continuing with the Biden administration.   This is important. Our military leaders say they support  electrification. It is not for climate change. It is about operational  value for our warfighters.   It is insane that we want to take away from our warfighters a vehicle  that can be safe to sneak up on somebody, not to say: Hey, I am here,  folks.   By the way, they charge. That is great. Mr. Chair, do you know what  happens to vehicles? They run out of gas. The very first prisoner of  war during the Iraqi invasion was from a fuel truck that made a wrong  turn.   We understand those challenges, but this is about giving our  warfighters what they need, the operational need, the equipment. Not to  mention that by pulling down photovoltaic, we are shutting down any  satellite in the future because, do you know what, Mr. Chair? They  don't have extension cords in space. They need solar panels, and you  are trying to shut it down. It is unbelievable.   Mr. Chair, I urge so strongly the opposition to this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would just remind everybody that we  used to ride horses into battle. It doesn't make them wrong, but I  don't think they work too well today. There are certainly plenty.   Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr.  Rogers), the chairman of the committee.    Mr. Chair, I remind everybody that we do not allow  Chinese-made solar panels on our satellites, and that facts do count.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Washington  (Mr. Smith), the ranking member of the committee.    Mr. Chairman, I would just remind everybody, this is an  operational need that came from the experts, those who testified before  our committee over the last 4 years, that they want this, they need  this, and they understand.   It is a proven technology to give our warfighters that tactical  equipment that they need, and I strongly urge opposition to this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   