 Mr. President, my State, the great State of Texas, shares  1,200 miles of common border with America's southern neighbor. Along  the border, you will see big cities, small towns, rural farms, and  ranches. You will find successful businesses that depend on free- flowing, legitimate trade and travel with our southern neighbor. You  will meet countless people who are proud of the strong ties our country  has with Mexico and many who have relatives on both sides of the  border. These influences can be seen throughout our State, from the  names of cities, like San Antonio, to the food we eat, to the music we  enjoy and the diversity of people in our communities.   A strong U.S.-Mexico relationship has been a boon to Texas, but it is  also vital to the rest of the country. Mexico is our second largest  trading partner for both imports and exports. It is a major market for  American energy, machinery, chemicals, and agricultural products. We  import everything from transportation equipment to avocados. It is not  uncommon for certain products, such as automobiles, to cross the border  multiple times throughout the production process before eventually  making their way to consumers in the United States.   A strong relationship with Mexico is important to our economy, but  Mexico isn't just a trading partner. It is not just about the economics  between our countries. Mexico is also a necessary and vital security  partner because our countries share, in total, a 2,000-mile border and  work together to protect the safety and security of our communities on  both sides of the border. It is critical that we work in a  complementary fashion.   The United States has supported Mexico's efforts to counter cartel  violence and root out corruption in its judicial system. Mexico, in  turn, has worked with the United States to ensure orderly migration and  stop illicit drugs from coming into our country. Obviously, what we are  doing is not nearly enough on either side of the border.   Over the years, our security cooperation has promoted safety and  security in both countries. As the American people are seeing every  day, the Mexican Government is, unfortunately, failing to meet its side  of the responsibilities. We can see that because people coming through  Mexico, coming to the United States, have come in unprecedented  numbers, which is a devastating humanitarian and public safety crisis.  Then there are things like fentanyl and other dangerous drugs that are  being manufactured in clandestine labs in Mexico and smuggled across  our border every day.   Of course, these same criminal organizations are terrorizing law- abiding citizens in Mexico through their violence and their territorial  disputes. Earlier this month, an out-of-control cartel violence  incident harmed American citizens who were visiting Mexico. Four  Americans were caught in a deadly shootout and kidnapped, and two of  those individuals were killed.   In the face of these growing problems, the Mexican Government has not  shown, in my view, enough willingness to work together to address these  problems. Make no mistake, this is not something we can do or they can  do alone; we have to do it together.   The Government of Mexico hasn't expressed adequate concern, in my  opinion, over the cartel violence, the drug trafficking, or the  migration crisis. Unfortunately, in public, Mexican President Lopez  Obrador underplayed the security problems in his own country. I believe  he knows differently based on the conversations we had when the TV  cameras were not present. He has falsely claimed that Mexico is safer  than the United States. We know that is not true. He said that Mexico  was not responsible for the fentanyl coming into our country. We know  that is also not true. It is a well-known fact that the vast majority  of illicit fentanyl comes to the United States from Mexico,  manufactured by precursor chemicals coming from China.   Well, here is the disparity between what you see in public to the TV  cameras and what actually happens on the ground. Just weeks before  claiming Mexico doesn't have a fentanyl problem, the Mexican Government  raided what its army described as the ``highest-capacity synthetic drug  production lab on record.'' That is what the Mexican Army, SEDENA,  said. It seized nearly 630,000 fentanyl pills, along with hundreds of  pounds of powdered fentanyl and methamphetamines.   At that time, President Lopez Obrador said the lab seized by elements  of the Mexican Army--that that lab had a value of roughly $80 million,  but just a few weeks later, the same government said it had no record  of fentanyl production in Mexico.   It doesn't take a detective or an investigative journalist to see  that the  [[Page S844]]  Mexican Government is not taking these problems seriously enough, and  it is to the detriment of their own citizens. Throughout Mexico, law- abiding citizens are being terrorized by these cartels. Migrants, we  know, are being extorted and abused by the very people who are  smuggling them up through Mexico into the United States. We know that  communities across this country are experiencing waves of drug overdose  or what some call fentanyl poisoning from the drugs that are smuggled  from Mexico into the United States.   Frankly, the Lopez Obrador administration is not doing nearly enough  to work together with us on this problem that we share in common, sadly  to say. Given the severity of these challenges, there is a clear need  for action. But we have to proceed carefully because while Mexico  ultimately has many problems, it is our southern neighbor, and our  economies are interconnected through the U.S.-Mexico-Canada trade  agreement, the successor to NAFTA. We know that its success, Mexico's  success, will ultimately benefit the United States in terms of a better  economy, more prosperity, more trade, more jobs. Our countries are  inextricably linked together in terms of security and prosperity, and  we need to find a productive path forward.   Countering cartel violence will require more cooperation with the  Mexican Government. Stopping the fentanyl epidemic will require  Mexico's cooperation. Addressing the border crisis will require  Mexico's cooperation.   Although it may make us feel good at times, we can't just simply lash  out in anger or say, we are going to do this, knowing that maybe it  might get you a hit on TV, but it doesn't actually solve any problems.  We need to make strategic decisions together with Mexico that will lead  to real change.   As the Presiding Officer knows, we had a bipartisan congressional  delegation to Mexico this weekend to learn more about the ongoing  security challenges so we can figure out with our Mexican counterparts  what kinds of changes need to be made and what exactly those changes  would look like.   We had 12 Members of Congress--House and Senate--join the trip. From  the Senate, we had Senator Moran, Senator Lee, Senator Capito, Senator  Coons, Senator Murphy, Senator Sinema, Senator Welch, and myself. From  the House, we had a bipartisan delegation: Congressman Cuellar,  Congressman Tony Gonzales, Congresswoman Escobar, and Congresswoman  Salazar.   Suffice it to say, between the 12 of us--Democrats and Republicans,  House and Senate--we have varying political views and many differences  of opinion on a host of topics, but on this weekend trip to Mexico, we  all agree the ongoing crisis in Mexico is unsustainable and something  needs to change. We wanted to visit Mexico so we could learn for  ourselves what the facts are, not as they are spun by either elected  officials or by the media. Before you solve a problem, you have got to  understand the full scale of what you are up against, and that was the  goal of this trip.    We got briefings from American intelligence officials, leaders from  the Drug Enforcement Administration, and others about their work in  Mexico. The U.S. Embassy in Mexico is the largest Embassy in the world  and employs 3,400 people and 9 consulates in the main Embassy in Mexico  City.   We spent some time with our outstanding Ambassador, Ken Salazar, a  former colleague of ours in the Senate who went on to be Secretary of  the Interior and now serves as our Representative in Mexico.   Ambassador Salazar was delighted we could come visit because he knows  firsthand the challenges that Mexico faces and the challenges that the  U.S.-Mexico relationship create and the importance of finding solutions  to those differences and those challenges.   I want to thank President Lopez Obrador, even though I have said some  critical comments here about how he has misrepresented the security  situation in Mexico and the United States. I want to thank him publicly  for meeting with us for a total of 4 hours. We not only met with Lopez  Obrador; we met with the entire Cabinet. That would be as if a  delegation, let's say, from Mexico of 12 senators and House of Deputies  members came up and sat down with President Joe Biden and his Cabinet  for 4 hours. It was an unprecedented exchange of information and points  of view, and I think it demonstrated the Mexican Government's desire to  have a closer working relationship with the U.S. Congress and the  United States of America.   At the top of the list of the things we have talked about were the  ongoing security challenges, which have had a deadly impact on both  countries. Members of our delegation didn't pull any punches. We did it  respectfully, but we forcefully presented our frustration with the  ongoing cartel violence, the drug trafficking, and unchecked migration.  That is what friends do, Mr. President; we have frank exchanges even  when we disagree. We are friends with Mexico, and we have to work this  out together, and we have to start with a common understanding of what  the facts and the challenges are.   We told President Lopez Obrador that his administration must do more  to address these challenges, and we emphasized that the failure to do  so will have a negative impact on our historically strong and important  partnership.   There are many ways to improve the security cooperation between our  countries, and our delegation stressed our willingness to work with  President Lopez Obrador's administration and the Government of Mexico  to support their efforts to defeat the cartels.   Overall, our conversations with the Mexican President were extremely  candid and tough, but they were respectful--respectful of not only the  high office that President Lopez Obrador holds but also of the fact  that we were dealing with the head of a sovereign country.   We have seen the positive impact in my State of a strong relationship  with Mexico, but it also redounds to the benefit of the Nation. And as  I said earlier, the better Mexico does by defeating the cartels, by  interdicting the drugs and the precursors that come from other parts of  the world, the better the quality of life, the safety and security will  be for the people who live in Mexico--the Mexican people--and it will  also be to our benefit here in the United States.   Ultimately, what I believe both countries want are a safe and  prosperous country, and we can do this together. Our close ties are  extremely beneficial to both countries, and I hope President Lopez  Obrador took our good faith and candid comments about the failures to  deal with security and migration to heart. We certainly expressed our  views, as I said, in a candid, a civil, and respectful way, but I think  we delivered the message clearly, and I hope he will take that to  heart.   I yield the floor.   