 Mr. President, title 42 will terminate tomorrow with the  expiration of the COVID-19 public health emergency. Title 42 is one of  the last tools available to Border Patrol agents, and the President is  surrendering it during a record-shattering border crisis. It is  unconscionable for Congress to stand aside and do nothing to preserve  this critical authority.   Title 42 authority was initially based on the pandemic. While I agree  that the pandemic is over, the border crisis is worse than ever.  Whether to keep effective border security policies in place should not  depend on the pandemic.   There is a new epidemic that is plaguing our Nation, one that demands  immediate action. Deadly fentanyl--produced with the help of the  Chinese Communist Party and smuggled across our southern border by drug  cartels--has flooded into our communities. More than 100,000 Americans  died of drug overdoses in the last 12 months alone--most from synthetic  opioids like fentanyl. It is the No. 1 cause of death for Americans  between the ages of 18 and 45.   The rise of fentanyl overdose deaths affects every State and every  congressional district. It kills the young, the old, the rich, the  poor. It affects cities and small towns alike. It is not a partisan  issue, and finding a solution shouldn't be partisan either.   With the end of title 42, even the Biden administration is openly  preparing for an already-recordbreaking crisis to get far worse by  sending 1,500 Active-Duty troops to the southern border. It is an  admission of the impending invasion.   To allow title 42 to end without creating a permanent new authority  to replace it only empowers drug cartels. It enables them to illegally  send migrants across the border at strategic points, bogging down  Border Patrol agents with paperwork and processing that takes five  times longer than under title 42. This dramatic increase in processing  times will significantly decrease scarce resources available to  actually patrol our southern border. Cartels will use the longer and  more frequent enforcement gaps to move fentanyl across our border. We  cannot allow this to happen.   Title 42 is an effective and important tool for controlling the flow  of illegal migration at the southern border, but it is also an  effective and important tool for dissuading migrants from making the  dangerous journey to the southern border, to ultimately be exploited by  drug cartels. But the current administration has no interest in  dissuading migrants from coming to the United States. Instead, through  Biden's border policies, they entice thousands more migrants per day to  illegally cross into the United States, risking their lives as they  magnify the humanitarian crisis at our border.   That is why I introduced legislation to add drug smuggling as an  additional basis for invoking title 42 authority. It is called the Stop  Fentanyl Border Crossings Act. Overdoses have become an epidemic in  America, and no one can deny that. My legislation would allow the  Secretary of Health and Human Services to use title 42 to combat  substantial, dangerous drug trafficking across our southern border.  This bill would give Border Patrol a necessary tool to focus on  stopping drug traffickers.   It seems like an obvious step to take. Everyone agrees fentanyl  trafficking is a dire problem. Yet, in the last Congress, Democrats  blocked this legislation three times. Now that title 42 is  [[Page S1586]]  actually coming to an end, it is time to get past the political  posturing, and I hope my colleagues will join me. We cannot sit idly  by. Without this authority, the recordbreaking border crisis and deadly  drug overdose crisis that will follow will become unimaginably worse.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be  discharged from further consideration of S. 1192 and the Senate proceed  to its immediate consideration; further, that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, my Democratic colleague is objecting to  legislation that simply gives the Secretary of Health and Human  Services the authority to limit border crossings when necessary to  combat substantial, dangerous, illicit drug smuggling. It doesn't  provide authority to stop all asylum claims. It only applies where  substantial illicit drug smuggling is endangering health. More than  100,000 Americans are dying annually of drug overdoses, many of which  result from drug smuggling at the southern border.   This legislation isn't a mandate; it is a tool to help save American  lives whenever that is possible. Everyone acknowledges that an already  recordbreaking crisis will get worse without title 42. American lives  and American communities hang in the balance. Yet my colleagues across  the aisle are categorically opposed to any commonsense policy that will  help us address this problem.   I yield the floor.   