 Mr. Chairman, I rise today on behalf of the 2 million  hardworking Texans, the 10 million hardworking Americans, that the  President has told their job doesn't matter, putting food on the table  doesn't matter, mortgage payments don't matter, grocery bills don't  matter.   I am actually shocked that this is a partisan issue, that we have my  Democrat colleagues that are saying that we don't want to refill an  SPR, or we don't want to consider it an emergency use, only for  political emergencies.   The President campaigned on a promise to end fossil fuels, and he has  pushed his failed policies from day one, including the cancellation of  Keystone XL, telling 10 million workers who provide the energy our  Nation so desperately needs that he doesn't want them to produce.   In fact, not only does he not want them to produce, he is going  overseas, begging global oil cartels for more energy.   These policies are completely disconnected from reality. We are now  facing rolling blackouts where families, in the middle of the night,  may not have energy.   In places like California, that is standard practice. However, now  you have to consider it in Pennsylvania and Ohio and everywhere else.   Why? Where are my Democrat colleagues who believe in affordable,  reliable energy? Where are my colleagues who want to ease the burden of  inflation that the President has caused?   This Republican majority knows and is in touch with the reality that  every family is facing choices, inflationary choices, and it starts  with energy.   I am proud to work alongside Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers to restore  energy security.   President Biden's use of the SPR for his own political emergencies is  unacceptable, and we are now standing up to return the SPR to its  rightful use for national security emergencies, not fabricated  political emergencies.   It is time for the President to join the Permian Basin, for the  President to join every State in using this for what it was designed to  be used for.   It is a shame that my Democrat colleagues will not stand up for a  national security imperative. We must let our producers produce, do  what they do best, and keep government out of it.   