 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, on behalf of myself, my fellow Texan Chip Roy, and over  70 cosponsors, I urge all of my colleagues to vote in strong support of  my amendment to repeal the Department of Defense's illegal and immoral  abortion policy.   In the wake of the Supreme Court's historic Dobbs decision  overturning Roe v. Wade, the Biden administration immediately set out  to sidestep the Court's ruling and circumvent the law wherever  possible.   The Biden administration has encouraged every Federal agency to  create rules and adopt policies that not only expand abortion access  but also leave American taxpayers on the hook to subsidize abortion  services.   As evidence of this, in October of last year, the Secretary of  Defense released a memo titled: ``Ensuring Access to Reproductive  Health Care.'' This memo outlined the steps taken by the Department in  order to use taxpayer dollars to provide servicemembers and their  dependents access to abortions and allows for taxpayer dollars to be  used so that healthcare providers can obtain the licensing required to  perform such procedures.   According to its illegal policy, which is now in place, DOD can and  will reimburse travel expenses for servicemembers and their dependents  who travel specifically to obtain an abortion in another State. The  Department of Defense will also reimburse any associated fees for  healthcare professionals seeking to be licensed in another State for  the purpose of performing abortions--all on the taxpayers' dime.   Last year, immediately after DOD started this unconstitutional and  illegal process, Congressman Roy and I got to work on addressing this  issue and developed a bill to right this wrong.   This illegal Biden-endorsed policy has no place in our military.  Taxpayer money provided to DOD is intended to provide for our national  defense and our national security, not to promote and support the Biden  administration's radical and immoral pro-abortion agenda.   As mentioned, regardless of your political or personal stance on  abortion, this policy is in direct violation of Federal law,  specifically 10 U.S.C. 1093, which restricts funds made available to  the DOD from being used for abortions.   No doubt, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will insist  that taxpayer dollars are not directly funding abortions, thereby  rendering the current policy legally sound. This is an absolutely  misleading claim. This taxpayer money is going directly to support  abortions, and anyone in this Chamber who says differently is blatantly  lying to the American people.   Taxpayer funding of travel for abortion is, in fact, taxpayer-funded  abortion. Abortion is the sole reason for these travel expenses, and  this is in clear violation of existing law.   My Democratic colleagues want to blame me, Senator Tuberville, and my  colleagues like Congressman Roy for jeopardizing readiness. However, it  is the Biden administration that has sidestepped existing law and given  the Department permission to take this illegal action.   This has left us with no choice but to take corrective measures and  pass additional legislation. The days of the radical left ignoring the  law and pushing their destructive social agenda in the military are  done.   I absolutely will not waver in my defense of the rule of law,  therefore ensuring that taxpayer money is not used to kill innocent  babies and, in doing so, also ensuring that our military servicemembers  can focus on their jobs that they have in front of them and their  families instead of being used for the political gain of the Biden  administration.   This amendment has over 70 cosponsors because we all recognize that  the DOD is carrying out an illegal policy that is divisive, immoral,  and does nothing to provide for our national defense or promote our  national security.   Madam Chair, I thank my friend, Congressman Chip Roy, for co-leading  this amendment with me, for being a relentless defender of the law, and  for being a true warrior in protecting the life of the unborn.   I also thank the Military Personnel Subcommittee chairman,   Jim  Banks, for his support of my amendment and his work on readying our  servicemembers for the real threats that they face.   Lastly, I thank Chairman Rogers for creating the strongest defense  bill I have seen here in my time in Congress.   Madam Chair, I strongly urge my colleagues to support this amendment  to repeal this outrageous and illegal policy and prevent any similar  policy in the future.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire how much time  remains.    Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Rogers).    Madam Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Mrs. Luna).   