 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am very happy to join Senator Murray  today in presenting the fiscal year 2024 and 2025 appropriations bill  for the Department of Veterans Affairs and for the Department of  Defense military construction.   I am proud to be a part of this first minibus as we continue the  fiscal year 2024 appropriations process and the return to regular  order. As in years past, this subcommittee crafted the bill in an open  and bipartisan way, and I expect to continue that today as we consider  this bill on the floor.   This bill takes into consideration the needs of our veterans, their  families, and our servicemembers, and, within that framework, we have  created a thoughtful and responsible path for both Departments and our  related Agencies.   This bill provides $154.352 billion in discretionary spending, which  is $184 million over last year's level. Within that, the Department of  Veterans Affairs is provided $134.8 billion in discretionary funding,  which is $85 million over last year's level. Included in that level is  $121 billion for veterans' medical care, a $2.3 billion increase over  last year.   This bill funds priority accounts to prevent veteran suicide,  increase rural access to healthcare, and support critical mental health  programs. It helps to prevent veterans' homelessness and provides  funding for innovative medical research.   The bill provides $19.07 billion to support military construction and  family housing needs and funds a total of 163 major military  construction projects, which we desperately need.   This bill will give the Department of Defense the resources it needs  to project power globally, enhance our warfighting capabilities, and  train the forces. This bill also provides $1.9 billion to improve the  quality of life for servicemembers and their families.   I also want to note that the bill includes $471.3 million for our  related Agencies, which include the American Battle Monuments  Commission, the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, Arlington  National Cemetery, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home.   I want to thank Chair Murray and Vice Chair Collins for their  leadership with the total committee, and also I want to specifically  thank Chair Murray and her staff and my staff for the hard work they  have done in crafting this bill to get us to where we are at today. So  we appreciate them.   Also, we will be encouraging votes so that we can actually get these  bills across the finish line.   I yield the floor.   