 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment increases and decreases to  emphasize the importance of restoring public safety and the rule of law  on the D.C. Metro.   While it primarily is focusing on crime on the Metro, I would be  remiss if I failed to mention that law and order in our Nation's  Capital has completely collapsed.   Based on preliminary data from the Metropolitan Police Department,  crime has increased 27 percent overall this year. More concerning,  violent crime has increased by 40 percent. Compared to this time last  year, the homicide rate is up 33 percent; robbery is up 69 percent; and  motor vehicle theft is up by 101 percent.   A month ago, one of our esteemed colleagues was carjacked, a fate  that befalls too many people in the D.C. metro area. The fact that  criminals are so brazen as to steal the car of a Member of Congress  shows how far the situation has deteriorated.   This sharp increase in the crime rate is directly attributable to the  failed home rule policy that has empowered a leftist government to  pursue its ideological agenda at the expense of the general welfare.   Let me say it one more time: D.C. home rule is a complete and total  failure.   Mr. Chairman, all too often, criminals in this city receive a slap on  the wrist. There are few places where crime is more noticeable than the  D.C. metro area. From October 2022 to October 2023, crime has almost  tripled.   We should be ashamed. We have residents, colleagues, children, and  tourists taking our Metro while visiting our city, and it is not safe.  Safety is something that we should be able to guarantee on a federally  funded transit system.   From a 2-year period, 2020 to 2022, there were a total of six  homicides on the Metro. This year, there have already been seven.   Mr. Chairman, earlier this year, I introduced the Seat of Government  Act, which would repeal the District of Columbia's home rule and  restore control of D.C. to the Federal Government, where it belongs.   Mr. Chair, I ask for the adoption of this amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   