 Madam Chair, with this bill, our Republican colleagues  offer their answer to our overheated planet, turn up the heat. And to  those parents concerned about their children's future in what could  become an uninhabitable planet, they say quite simply, ``shut up and  get out of the way.''   This dirty bill will not bring our energy costs down, but it will  drive our hospital bills and our doctor bills way up because it is a  dirty deal.   Republican fossilized thinking threatens the health of millions of  Americans and endangers the future of our planet.   Our country should be the world's leader in combating the climate  crisis and growing the many new jobs that are necessary to develop the  new technologies to combat the ravages of an overheated planet. But  instead, the Republicans surrender the green technology leadership to  China and other countries around the world.   Protecting American families from the climate crisis should be a  bipartisan issue, but it has increasingly become one as most of our  Republican colleagues ignore the dangers and remain beholden to  polluters over people.   Last year, we made some modest progress under Democratic leadership.  We offered incentives for both businesses and families to come together  to slow carbon pollution, to go electric, to improve energy efficiency,  and to develop additional renewable energy resources.   Instead of adding to that progress, which we need, Republicans today  would drag our country back to the disastrous years of their hero,  Donald Trump, who abandoned American leadership in favor of more and  more pollution.   Only this month, the world's scientists have told us once again:  ``There is a rapidly closing window of opportunity to secure a livable  and sustainable future for all.'' Republicans want to slam that very  window shut.   As the U.N. Secretary General declared: ``Humanity is on thin ice,  and that ice is melting fast. Our world needs climate action on all  fronts, everything, everywhere, all at once.''   This bill doesn't deserve its designation as H.R. 1. It is not even  H.R. 0 because it drags us backward into a world in which our  grandchildren will not be able to safely reside.   And even for those who won't listen to the scientists and the world  leaders near unanimous view on this, all they need to do is just open  their eyes. The extreme weather that we see, the intensified heat, the  mega-droughts, the ice storms, the tornadoes and hurricanes, and heat,  heat, and more heat in places that it has never occurred before,  threatening food production and human health. All of this, along with  the threat of tropical diseases appearing in places like Central Texas  where they have never occurred before.    The climate crisis is already taking lives, and it will take many,  many more the longer we are delayed by outrageous tactics like we see  here today.   This sorry bill will never become law, but every day that Republicans  dither, delay, and distract us; every day they feed the ignorance about  the climate crisis, the nearer we come to a tipping point from which we  can never recover.   I am voting ``no'' because, left unchecked, Republican half-baked  ideas will burn up our planet.   