 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, the so-called Ensuring Accountability in Agency  Rulemaking Act is a misguided proposal that will ensure that the  process of confirming nominees to administrative agencies is even more  politicized and onerous than it is today, while also blocking the  regular work of our executive branch agencies.   This bill would require any agency rule promulgated under the  Administrative Procedure Act to be issued and signed by someone who was  appointed to their position by the President and confirmed by the  Senate. This requirement, on its face, may seem innocuous, but it  provides Congress with a weapon it can wield to prevent ongoing work of  agencies by blocking a President's nominations and leaving an agency  without an eligible person to issue regulations.   In the past few decades, the process for Senate confirmation has  lengthened considerably. Although we have passed measures like the  Federal Vacancies Reform Act to ease this burden, there are still over  1,000 executive branch roles that would require Senate confirmation,  and far too many go unfilled for years at a time as it is.   By requiring that rulemaking must be initiated and signed by a  Senate-confirmed leader, this bill will make the confirmation process  even more politicized, and it could give individual Senators even more  incentive to block nominations for the sake of a partisan goal.   This would add unnecessary delay in the creation, promulgation, and  implementation of critical new rules, rules that serve to protect the  public's health, safety, and security.   The bill's sloppy drafting also adds ambiguity to the process. For  example, the bill requires that any rule must be ``initiated'' by a  senior appointee, but what action qualifies as ``initiating'' a rule?   Is it when it is first raised in a meeting at the agency?   Is it when staff starts drafting a notice of proposed rulemaking?   Is it when a proposed rule is put out for notice and comment?   Is it something in between?   We do not know.   Determining the answers to these questions will only lead to years of  litigation and yet more delay.   To the extent that the bill's sponsors are concerned about  transparency and accountability in the regulatory process, Congress  already has many ways to exercise its authority over the administrative  process. For example, Congress can disapprove regulations under the  Congressional Review Act, a power this majority has not been shy in  using. It can limit agencies' rulemaking authority, it can restrict the  use of funds to implement regulations, and it can conduct oversight of  agency activity, among other powers.   Madam Speaker, this legislation is just the latest effort by  Republicans to undermine the regulatory process, a process that  protects our health and safety each and every day. Regulations ensure  that we have clean air to breathe, clean water to drink, and safe food  to eat. They ensure that children's toys and cribs are safe, that  medications are safe and effective, and that the planes, trains, and  automobiles we depend on for transportation will keep us safe. They  ensure that consumers are protected from fraud and discrimination, that  workers are treated fairly, that veterans are fairly compensated for  their service, and so much more.   Nevertheless, Republicans want to stop this process in its tracks and  put our health and safety at risk.   I urge all my colleagues to oppose this legislation, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, the gentleman from Virginia says that  recess appointees could help solve this problem, but a recess appointee  is not confirmed by the Senate and, therefore, under the terms of this  bill could not approve any regulation. The recess appointee question is  irrelevant and doesn't mitigate the harm of this bill in any way.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Madam Speaker, let me make two points. The gentleman from  Virginia points out that paragraphs 1 and 2 do not apply if the head of  an agency determines on a nondelegable basis that compliance with the  relevant paragraph would impede public safety or security, but there is  nothing in the bill to define public safety or security. It doesn't  help at all.   I would also point out that the last President, not the current one,  the last one, Mr. Trump, had a lot of acting agency heads. In fact, he  has stated that he would like in another term to have a lot more acting  agency heads so he doesn't need Senate confirmation.   That would mean that few, if any, people would have the ability to  okay safety and security rules to keep our people safe and our water  clean, our air safe, et cetera.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Mrvan).    Madam Speaker, this legislation is just the latest in a  long line of Republican bills meant to undermine and even block agency  rulemaking altogether.   This bill would not only erect another hurdle to the creation of  critical rules that protect our air, water, land, and livelihood, but  it would also require years of litigation to determine what the vague  terms of the bill mean. We should reject any effort that would prevent  agencies from issuing lifesaving regulations.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to oppose this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   