 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.J. Res.  45, which would overturn President Biden's egregious student loan  transfer scheme.   Our Nation is $31 trillion in debt. We are staring down a debt  ceiling deadline due to the President's inaction. Yet, this  administration is dead set on enacting costly programs like a massive  student loan bailout that will increase the financial burden on those  who did not take out a loan themselves.   Hardworking taxpayers will be stuck with a tab of over $300 billion,  and $1.4 billion in the 12th District alone, my district. Broken down  further, the residents of Georgia's 12th District would  [[Page H2565]]  each have to pay the Federal Government an additional $3,527.   To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, student loan  cancellation doesn't make the debt go away. It shifts the cost from the  student loan borrowers who made a financial commitment and transfers it  to the U.S. taxpayers.   Forcing hardworking taxpayers to foot the bill for student loans they  didn't borrow is simply unconstitutional, period.   Democrats would also have you believe that canceling student loan  debt would reduce the cost of college tuition.   We can all agree that addressing ballooning college costs is  paramount, but studies show increasing subsidies to colleges and  universities causes the cost of college to increase. This overreaching  plan is going to make the financial burden of pursuing a college degree  even more severe.   Overall, the student loan transfer scheme is unfair to hardworking  Americans and unfair to future students.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this resolution to overturn the  Biden administration's radical student loan bailout.     Madam Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 467, the HALT  Fentanyl Act. I am a proud original cosponsor of this commonsense  legislation that would permanently reschedule fentanyl-related  substances as schedule I drugs. Far too often, we are hearing  devastating stories from families across this great country who have  lost loved ones to fentanyl-related deaths, and, in many cases, it is  our young people.   Only a few milligrams of fentanyl can be lethal, which is why it is  now the number one cause of death among adults 18 to 49. Deadly  fentanyl-related substances are being manufactured by China and the  cartels and pouring across our borders into our cities, communities,  and neighborhoods.    We must ensure that our law enforcement and Border Patrol officers  maintain the authority necessary to seize these drugs. That is why this  body must take action.   The HALT Fentanyl Act would supply law enforcement with the tools  needed to keep this deadly substance off our streets.   Madam Chair, to put it simply: This bill will save lives. I strongly  urge a ``yes'' vote on H.R. 467.   