 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, we hear  often about this matter of taxing college endowments, that somehow this  is going to address college affordability and make the Tax Code, you  know, more fair.   I am the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, and I gather that  my colleague has just introduced this legislation--maybe as recently as  today. I think it is appropriate that before we start making tax policy  on the floor of the U.S. Senate, we have a chance to actually have the  Senate look at some of the details.   For example, if we are going to talk about tax fairness, I will just  say to the Senator from Ohio that I welcome that. I am the author of  the bill to say that billionaires, who now, under the current Tax Code,  can go for years and years paying little or no taxes--I am the author  of the proposal that would change it. All you have to do is change  three words: buy, borrow, and die. That is how they do it--buy, borrow,  die, and pay little or nothing for years on end.   So what we ought to do is take the Senator's ideas and anybody  else's, you know, ideas and bring them to the Senate Finance Committee.  I will tell you I have not seen any evidence in the past about how,  somehow, the kind of tax my colleague wants to levy is going to somehow  make things better for students, which is what I want to do.   This tax legislation has not been considered by the Senate Finance  Committee. That is the correct place to hold a robust discussion about  fairness and affordability. For that reason, I object.    Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I just heard about this legislative idea a  few minutes ago. So I really have very little information about it.   But what I can tell you is, we already know what the bottom line is.  The amendment offered by the Senator from Louisiana will hurt honest  taxpayers and will help wealthy tax cheats. That is the bottom line.   Now, I am all for seafood inspections. We have got loads of seafood  in our part of the world. But I want to take just a minute to talk  about the reasons that Members of this body ought to oppose the  legislation.   First--and the Congressional Budget Office has made this point--this  amendment uses the fake offset of cutting IRS funding. The cut in IRS  funding included in this amendment doesn't pay for an increase in  seafood inspections; it increases the deficit. And the reason I say  that is because that is what the Congressional Budget Office says about  these ideas.   The Congressional Budget Office are the folks that we put in place to  give us objective, nonpolitical analyses of various important ideas.  The Congressional Budget Office are the people that we use on the  Finance Committee regularly, and the Congressional Budget Office has  said that every dollar cut from the IRS budget reduces revenue by $2.  And that increases the deficit.   Second, this has given a big pass to wealthy tax cheats. People need  to know that the reason there is a focus on IRS enforcement is because  the wealthy tax cheats have the lawyers and accountants, and they have  all kinds of ways to get around the rules. The working families that we  represent--the folks in Michigan, the automobile workers--pay taxes  with every single paycheck. We know what kind of financing they have  because they pay with every check. It is the wealthy tax cheats that we  have to deal with.   And I just say to my friend, the kind of person that he has given a  pass to is--we recently found almost a thousand millionaires who didn't  even file a tax return. Not one of the scams--they didn't even file a  tax return, almost a thousand millionaires. The Federal Government lost  more than $30 billion just on that.   So the Senate ought to be focusing on making sure that we have tough  IRS enforcement, that we have the funding to improve services for all  taxpayers--all of them--and, particularly, ending the free ride, once  and for all, for wealthy tax cheats.   And the service has gone up. We have seen reduction in waiting times  for calls from 28 minutes to 3 minutes.   I wish I had time to have a more extended exchange with my colleague.  We are, right now, in our caucus meeting having debates on important  issues.   But I would just say, in the future, if my colleague could even give  us 15- or 20-minutes' notice, we could maybe have a more extended  discussion.   The people who get help here are wealthy tax cheats. The people who  are hurt here are honest taxpayers. And for that reason, I object.    Mr. President, I expect that the Senate will soon pass by  unanimous consent the Blackburn-Ossoff REPORT Act. This bill will  strengthen the Nation's centralized reporting system for the online  exploitation of children, operated by the National Center for Missing  and Exploited Children, to better protect children from online sexual  abuse and exploitation. Senators Blackburn and Ossoff worked closely  with me to make important changes to this bill to require that the  upgraded CyberTipline be secured consistent with Federal cybersecurity  best practices, so that hackers are not able to steal and then  distribute the extremely sensitive images and videos documenting abuse  that are stored in this system. I sincerely appreciate their  partnership on this important issue.   