 Mr. President, we are coming down to the wire here. June  1 looms over us and the threat that on that date, unless Congress takes  action, the United States will default on its debt for the first time  in the history of our Nation. All the people who are in the know tell  us it would be a disaster of such proportion that it would harm  individuals, families, and businesses across the United States and  would ultimately diminish the United States reputation for the most  stable currency--the U.S. dollar--in the world. Individual families  would see their 401(k)s and savings accounts diminish, the interest  rates for purchases go even higher; businesses would fail, and workers  would lose their jobs.   You have to ask yourself: Why would we even consider approaching that  kind of calamity? Well, you take a look at the agenda that is being  offered by Speaker McCarthy in the House of Representatives, and he  spells out exactly what his goals are. First, he wants to cut spending  in areas that he thinks are wasteful. For example, he would wipe out  30,000 law enforcement and Border Patrol jobs.   How many times has the Speaker's party reminded us that we have a  crisis on our southern border and need to marshal our resources to  protect America? Whether he is exaggerating or simply stating a fact is  your own decision, your own conclusion; but can any part of his warning  be answered by eliminating our personnel--our national personnel--on  the border? I don't think so.   This approach by Speaker McCarthy would also threaten housing and  food security for tens of thousands of American individuals, including  many veterans. It would deprive 1 million senior citizens of access to  Meals on Wheels. That is what his goal is in terms of cutting the  budget.   And I might add a couple of other things for your consideration. He  would cut money for medical research in the United States by 25  percent. I have tried to work over the last 6 or 7 years with the goal  of increasing medical research spending by 5 percent real growth every  single year. We have gone from $30 billion to $48 billion in annual  appropriations for what is considered the most sophisticated and  successful medical research program in the world.   And, now, the Speaker has told us: We want to cut back on medical  research. Tell that to the families of cancer victims. Tell that to the  families who are trying to cope with diseases that are life-threatening  on a daily basis. The breakthroughs that come about because of this  medical research should inspire us to spend even more--even more--on  research.   To think that we may be close to a vaccine against pancreatic cancer.  That was unthinkable a few weeks ago or months ago, but now there are  reports that NIH research is leading in that direction with some  promising conclusions.   To think that we have the possibility of finally dealing with those  maladies of the brain which haunt us in every family in this country.  The notion that the researchers, because of NIH grants, at Northwestern  University in Chicago have now found a successful way to breach the  blood-brain barrier and have medications go directly into the brain,  what can that do? Well, it might deal directly with brain cancer-- glioblastoma and similar maladies. But, in addition, they are looking  at the possibility that it has applications for Alzheimer's and  Parkinson's and other brain-related diseases like Lou Gehrig's.   Do we want to stop research on that? I ask the Speaker: Do you really  want to achieve that? That is your goal: to slow down and stop research  by the U.S. Government which leads the world in these fields?   Mr. President, I think what really is at stake here is the Speaker is  calling for these dramatic cuts in critical American programs in an  effort to preserve the tax cuts that were instituted during the Trump  administration. These are tax cuts that benefited corporations which  were not paying their fair share of taxes and continue to receive  blessings from the Trump administration to pay even less; and wealthy  individuals who were doing quite well for themselves got a tax break at  that time. Speaker McCarthy wants to preserve those tax breaks even at  the expense of law enforcement, Border Patrol, helping our veterans,  Meals on Wheels, and medical research. Well, that is not my priority in  serving in the U.S. Senate.   There is one other item that I want to mention that is part of the  Speaker's agenda that is bringing us to the brink on our national debt,  and that is that the House Republican bill is really a gift-wrapped  present for the fossil fuel industry. The bill that they are proposing  guts critical environmental protections to fast-track new fossil fuel  projects. It mandates the sale of new oil and gas leases and  accelerates drilling both on- and offshore.   That is not just bad for the planet; it is bad for our people, our  economy, as well as our Nation and the hopes of becoming energy  independent. If this MAGA manifesto becomes law, it would eliminate  140,000 clean energy jobs across America, jobs which were promoted with  the Inflation Reduction Act.   The Republican proposal would cut billions of dollars in clean energy  investments, the majority of which benefit businesses and workers in  their own States. Importantly, these investments are not only job  creators; they are vital to our Nation's capacity to remain resilient  in the face of an environmental crisis.   Just yesterday, the World Meteorological Organization warned that the  next few years will be the warmest on record for planet Earth.  Temperatures may even breach the targets set by the Paris Agreement-- not in the next five decades but in the next 5 years. What we see  coming from this are not only warmer days but more extreme weather  events. You have to be sensitive to that if you are paying any  attention at all. We need to make sure that every community in America  is prepared for this challenge.   The House Republican proposal would make us more vulnerable in a  climate crisis. It would cut funding for projects that expand access to  clean air and clean water, especially in western States with chronic  drought, and it  [[Page S1719]]  would roll back programs to curb pollution in low-income communities  across America.   Whenever we debate energy policy in Congress, Republicans tend to  revert to the same old arguments. They say: Think about the economy.   These Republicans insist that, if we want to become energy  independent, we have no choice but to invest more in oil and gas. In  their view, America is hopelessly addicted to fossil fuels, and forcing  us to remain beholden to foreign oil giants is the Republican answer to  this challenge.   But, the truth is, they are wrong. Fossil fuels are not the future.  We will need a transition; that is for sure. The future is going to be  seen in communities like my own hometown of Springfield, IL. Last month  in Springfield, an American-owned solar company broke ground on a  project called Double Black Diamond.   Now, if you are a skier, you have to wonder what that has to do with  flat land in Springfield, IL. Well, it has nothing to do with skiing.  What they are talking about is building one of the largest solar farms  in America in the area, and the energy produced will be sent to the  residents of Chicago. It is amazing. These communities that have  committed themselves to green energy are making massive investments in  clean, sustainable, renewable energy.   Solar is the fastest growing, most affordable source of new  electricity in America. Last year, my wife and I decided to install  solar panels on our home in Springfield. It was a decision which was  guided more by determination to see if it worked and to do something  positive in our family to help with the climate crisis that we face.  Well, we installed them, and the good news is this: In the first couple  of months, we started to see our electricity bill disappearing. What  was $115 a month turned into $15 a month. And, of course, there were  tax credits available for that decision for our family and for every  family that moves in that direction.   We estimate that 230,000 homes in Illinois will do what we did: put  solar panels on the roof. With net metering, they will find it is a  benefit in their monthly utility bills and a benefit to our  environment.   Right now, if we don't do this, China and other countries will. They  are going to pursue solar energy and the next generation of technology,  and we will be left behind if the Republicans have their way with their  budget bill.   So I would conclude by saying fossil fuels had their day. There is  still a transition period where they will be needed, but we have got to  point to the future where we can tell our kids and grandkids: We are  sensitive to this climate crisis. We are investing in the right kind of  energy for the future. We are not going to have America take second  place to China or any other country when it comes to competition for  this technology.   The Republican approach is yesterday. We have got to think about  tomorrow.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, today, the members of this Senate have a  chance to make history. We will vote to confirm Nancy Abudu to the U.S.  Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.   A graduate of Columbia University and Tulane Law School, Ms. Abudu  has dedicated her career to defending the civil rights of all  Americans. She has experience litigating and overseeing complex civil  matters. She also has significant appellate experience, filing a number  of briefs in the U.S. Supreme Court and arguing five cases before  Federal courts of appeals.   Throughout her career, Ms. Abudu has defended voting rights,  protected religious freedom, and advanced criminal justice reform. Her  perspective and experience will be a valuable addition to the Eleventh  Circuit, which currently has no former civil rights lawyers on the  bench. And when confirmed, Ms. Abudu will also be the first Black woman  ever to serve on the Eleventh Circuit. She was rated ``well qualified''  by the American Bar Association and has the strong support of her home  state Senators: Mr. Warnock and Mr. Ossoff.   As a lifelong champion of equal justice under law, Ms. Abudu will  make an exceptional appellate judge. I am honored to support her  nomination, and I urge my colleagues to join me.    I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) is  necessarily absent.   