 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Good for calling the Special  Order.   Folks, for those listening, we are at a pivotal point in the history  of America. I have never felt the weight as I do now to save the  Republic that I grew up in, to save the opportunity to realize your  [[Page H4293]]  God-given talent, and to realize the goals and aspirations that each  individual has.   Folks, I feel like it is under threat, and I know it is under threat  since I was first elected in Congress in 2017.   We can all talk about what we are going to do and what we want to do.  Folks, we are at a pivotal time. We have to do what it takes to save  this Republic.   As Congressman Good said, basically, the debt is rampant. What is  happening to this country at every level is, in one word, evil. I can't  think of any other word to describe what we are going through in  America that is evil that threatens the democracy that we have known  for 240 years.   Now, what do I mean by what is evil about what is going on? What is  different now than years ago? Let me ask each one of you watching: When  have you ever seen a country that basically has no borders? When have  you ever seen a country that is letting everybody from every country  in--no checks, no balances, come in and enjoy the fruits of this great  Republic? When have you ever seen the lawlessness that is taking place  in America? When have you ever seen the criminals being basically  protected over the victims that they have victimized? When have you  seen that? When have you seen Americans scared to use their voice and  to express their outrage?   As Congressman Good has mentioned, when have you ever seen, and I  think the last date I heard was 2008, when there has been a steady  decline in the take-home pay of Americans.   When have you ever seen our school system under attack? When have you  ever seen young children who are being surgically--I am trying to think  of the word to use.    Surgically destroyed, as you see today, for the sake of a  dollar by a medical professional.   When have you ever seen a sitting leader of the free world, a sitting  President, give $9 billion to a country that will blow us up every day  of the week? When have you seen that?   I don't think we have. Folks, I have gone over just a few things that  are different than it was yesterday. It is: Wake up, America. Wake up  to what we are facing.   I was just having a conversation with Congressman Higgins on what we  face now. We are up here. We got here Tuesday, yesterday. We will leave  tomorrow. We do not have a budget. We do not have a top line on the 12  appropriations bills. What do we have? You tell me. I am a sitting  Member of Congress. I don't know.   All I do know is I am not willing to spend this country into oblivion  and continue to support what has been going on by this administration.   I am simply not willing to do it. I am not willing to give more money  to an executive office that is promoting lawlessness in this country.   South Carolina has 5.2 million people. We have exceeded that on the  illegals that are coming into this country. They are going to different  cities all over this country, and I guess the ones that are at the  forefront are in New York City. When I heard Eric Adams talk about the  crisis they are in, where was he when he declared New York City a  sanctuary city? Where was he when he said, how are we going to pay for  this? Where was he when he told the school districts that have been  overrun by illegals that are taking the place of people who have been  in America who have paid taxes and who have contributed to our economic  system? Where was he? Now, he is complaining he wants a bailout.   That is all to say it is our time to shine. It is dependent on each  one of us to answer the call.   Now, how do we do that? Well, we insist on fiscal sanity. Economic  security is national security, and we have to insist now to have  regular order, which is what we thought we had when we voted for the  Speaker in January, regular order, having the 12 appropriations bills  on a conservative, downward spending trend, and a budget like every  American business and every American family has. What do we have now?  Nothing.   Now, what is up to us? It is up to us now to do whatever it takes to  make sure we have a fiscally sound budget, to make sure each of the 12  appropriations is less than the pre-COVID levels, to have a border that  is secure that is enforceable, and to have the wokeness out of the  military that is destroying the readiness of our great military people  all across this country.    My message to each of you tonight: Get active in your communities.  Get active in telling your Congressmen that if it means shutting the  government down before you get it right, shut it down. Shut it down  until you get it right.   It is easy to spend other people's money, but we want to give it  back. That is one thing about the Freedom Caucus and other Members that  are with me tonight, Congressman Good and Congressman Higgins, we want  to give you money back.   We are not going to add to the continual debt that is bankrupting our  system. The cancer in this country cannot be cured by an aspirin.   What I am asking each one of you today is to take ownership in your  communities. Take ownership from the local level, from the city  council, school council, Statehouse, and up. Take ownership in it. Let  your voice be heard.   Do you know what is at stake? One word: Freedom. Freedom is at stake.  Let's answer the call, as we have always done. The onus is on us.   God bless each and every one of you. I thank Congressman Good for  allowing me a few minutes.    Mr. Speaker, where we are right now is we have a great  opportunity to save this Republic. In the words of Winston Churchill,  who at the depths of the lows of Great Britain, said: ``It is not  enough that we do our best; sometimes we must do what is required.''   We have got to do what is required. That is going to require courage,  that is going to require stamina, and that is going to require the one  word that we all live under, this one flag, we are one people,  representing freedom. God bless everyone.   