 Mr. President, in the words of a Simon and Garfunkel song,  they sing of a dream in which ``the world had all agreed to put an end  to war.'' And they reached this agreement, apparently, just by signing  a single piece of paper.   This dream is just a dream, of course. That is not how things are  brought about. That is not how lasting peace occurs. But the dream  echoes the stated aspirations that led to the creation and, eventually,  the perpetuation of the United Nations. But as history unfolded, the  stark reality has not lived up to those lofty aspirations.   We have witnessed failure upon failure, and yet the 20th-century  notion of a collective world peace still lingers in the minds of the  American foreign policy establishment. It is a notion that believes  that, somehow, U.S. participation and leadership within the United  Nations is a foundational pillar of our security and our strength.   A glance at the world today, however, reveals the harsh truth:  Enduring global peace remains just a dream. While the corridors of the  United Nations were designed for diplomacy, it now serves as a place  where America's adversaries--people who trample on diplomatic  principles and even human dignity itself, to say nothing of national  sovereignty--sponsor initiatives that fly in the face of our  foundational principles and values.   Just last November, we saw Iran, known for its support of terrorist  groups and its systemic targeting of Jewish people, chairing a U.N.  human rights event--actually chairing it. Russia and China, nations  that challenge our interests and undermine our values at every turn,  hold permanent seats on the U.N. Security Council. China, for its part,  also continues to enjoy the benefits of developing nation status,  exploiting U.N. programs and other monetary benefits for questionable  gain.   Now, the United States, as the U.N.'s largest funder, ends up tacitly  supporting these things through its funding. The largest contributor to  the U.N.'s budget is the United States. The Biden administration  continues to fund, indirectly, groups like Hamas through the United  Nations Relief and Works Agency, known for its anti-Semitic  indoctrination.   Similarly, the previous administration halted funding for the United  Nations Population Fund due to its support for coercive abortion  practices in China.   The bloated bureaucracy of the U.N. epitomizes the very foreign  entanglements that our Founding Fathers warned against. The global  security environment of today underscores the urgency of reasserting  American sovereignty.   The DEFUND Act, which I have introduced this week in the Senate,  seeks to end U.S. participation in the United Nations system, ensuring  that any future attempts to rejoin would require Senate approval.   Now, detractors argue that U.S. involvement is essential for our  security and that absence from the U.N. would somehow diminish our soft  power, forcing us to rely solely on military might.   These are misleading distractions. The current U.N. system itself  erodes American soft power and compels us to conform our national  interest to the whims of the so-called rules-based international order.  This fearmongering overlooks the proven value of bilateral  relationships, which are the true bedrock of international diplomacy.   At the U.N.'s inception in 1945, President Truman presented a choice  between ``international chaos'' and the ``establishment of a world  organization for . . . peace.'' Yet, despite the U.N.'s existence,  chaos abounds, adversaries leverage their U.N. positions, and the goal  of peace is overshadowed by the ambition for supranational governance.   The true hope for a peaceful world lies not in such global  institutions but in the strength of our national sovereignty and the  use of that strength to forge and continue to foster bilateral  relationships around the world.   As William Shakespeare said, ``What win I, if I gain the thing I  seek?'' One must truly ask: What does the United Nations seek? Is it  truly peace? I think not. Its actions speak for themselves.   Since 1945, the United States has slowly surrendered national  sovereignty to the U.N. under the guise of customary international law  and under this broad aspirational goal of somehow bringing peace and  harmony through this international organization, an international  organization that is, itself, utterly untethered from the electoral  politics of any country. They very much operate as an island unto  themselves once they enter the halls of the U.N.   Now, we in the United States finance a very significant portion of  the U.N., much of it voluntarily, with no obligation to do so. Our  generosity has been misused to empower terrorists; foment hate;  facilitate coercive practices abroad; and in many, many ways, undermine  our values.   The DEFUND Act aims to restore American independence from the U.N.'s  bureaucracy. It will repeal the foundational Participation Act within  the U.N., the U.N. Participation Act of 1945; terminate our  contributions and participation in peacekeeping operations; and strip  U.N. personnel of diplomatic immunity within the United States. It will  also remove the United States from the World Health Organization and  prohibit reentry into the U.N. system without the Senate's advice and  consent.   It is time that we face reality. The U.N. has long since ceased to be  an effective or responsible steward of our resources. It is time for  America to lead through strength and sovereignty, not through  subservience to an organization that no longer serves our interests-- much less the interests of a realizable, lasting peace.   