 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1338, the  Satellite And Telecommunications Streamlining Act. I believe I am  joined in this opposition by the chair of the Science, Space, and  Technology Committee, Mr. Lucas, and by the chair of the Space and  Aeronautics Subcommittee, Mr. Babin.    Mr. Speaker, with complete respect to the chair and the ranking  member on the Energy and Commerce Committee, if this bill were focused  solely on regulating electromagnetic spectrum use and improving the  spectrum licensing process in the United States, then this would be a  very different speech.   Improving the Federal Communications Commission's licensing of  spectrum is important. However, H.R. 1338 goes way beyond the FCC's  spectrum mission. It would provide unprecedented authority to the FCC  to issue rules on ``space safety and orbital debris.'' This is a  serious problem and cause for deep concern.   Drafting such rules would only detract and divert attention and  resources from the FCC's primary mission of assessing applications for  spectrum, actions the bill seeks to strengthen.   The FCC does not have sufficient expertise to issue appropriate rules  on space safety or orbital debris.   Further, Federal agencies engage in interagency coordination on  orbital debris mitigation based on science and technical research led  by NASA.   Rather than follow a cohesive and coordinated approach within the  Federal Government, H.R. 1338 would give authority to the FCC to do its  own thing and to act unilaterally without participating in the  interagency coordination that is necessary to prevent a fragmented  government approach toward space activities. On something as important  as space safety and orbital debris, this is a troubling thought.   The issue of space safety and orbital debris is a pressing concern.  The administration and stakeholders through two administrations have  been coalescing around the Department of Commerce as the lead agency on  space safety and related orbital debris activities in coordination with  other Federal Government agencies.   Congress has appropriated funding for the Department of Commerce to  advance civil space situational awareness and related orbital debris  activities. This is a critical time for the U.S. commercial space  industry. Clear and predictable roles, responsibilities, and regulatory  frameworks from the Federal Government are needed.   Having the FCC regulate space safety and orbital debris mitigation  would duplicate efforts and cause confusion, including for our  partners, where the U.S. has led internationally. Rather than  supporting the continuing growth and leadership of the U.S. in  commercial space, and the interagency process within the Department of  Commerce, H.R. 1338 risks undermining it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   