 Mr. President, I have been here about 4\1/2\ years and  come from that world where you could never do what we do here. When you  run a business, you are competing. You are earning your revenues. They  are not given to you like in government. Here, we just have to be smart  enough not to spend more than we take in.   Sadly, when you look--all the data is there historically--we haven't  balanced the budget since the late 1990s. Over 50 years, there are some  things that are just criteria you need to take into consideration and  maybe view as a given.   Our system is built on enterprise, sound regulation, not overbearing,  taxes that you can pay without being a wet blanket on the economy. Over  50 years, other than 2 or 3 years that happened to coincide in the  Clinton years when we balanced the budget, we have never generated more  than 18 percent of our GDP in revenue through the Federal Government.   It is this simple: When you have high rates, you flush more into the  Treasury the first couple years. You go from whatever the economic  growth rate was to something a half to a percent and a half lower. When  you cut taxes--and it was getting close; it wasn't quite there pre- COVID, the Trump tax cuts--you are going to deplete revenues the first  couple years, but then you benefit from an economy that is growing more  robustly.   We know all of that. The missing link here is that anywhere else, you  have the rigor of the marketplace. When you are running something, it  is not merciful. If you behave there like we do here, you are on the  ash heap of enterprises that just don't survive in the long run.  Nowhere else can you borrow up to 30 cents on every dollar you spend  and expect that to be a good long-term business plan.   I am one--in the time I have been here, I have gotten along with a  lot of Democrats on passing legislation that is practical. We can still  do it. But when it comes to the big agenda items in terms of how much  you spend, are you going to have the fortitude to do a real budget, we  haven't done that. Whenever we have had moments of discipline with  budget caps, sequestrations, they seem to unravel soon after we put  them in place.   Again, look at the numbers. We, from the time we were founded until  the year 2000, had very little debt. Most of that came after World War  II. The ``greatest generation'' was the deepest in debt we had ever  been historically as a country. They were savers. They were investors.  They were hard workers. They paid it off and built the Interstate  Highway System, the most capital-intensive thing we have ever done as a  country.   When you morph into being consumers and spenders--that is what Greece  did. That is what Italy did. That is what Spain did. That is what  Portugal was doing until they had to get back on the wagon. Otherwise,  the second largest economy in the world was going to be in trouble.  They put basic discipline into their system. They spend more through  the federal government there than we do, but they pay for it generally.  They are not borrowing it from future generations.   We have to find a way as Democrats and Republicans to take the  priorities that are important to this country. And I haven't mentioned  so far the real drivers of our structural deficits. That is Social  Security; that is Medicare; that is Medicaid--all programs we want to  be there, but we want them to be solid.   Until we get the backbone, the political discipline, we are going to  keep skirting the rigor that it takes to make this thing work long  term, and you can expect more of the same. What you are seeing here  today is no different; it is just punctuated with a little more drama  than normal.   We know we have debt ceilings. If we didn't have those, we would  probably even plow further into debt. But the numbers always win in the  long run. We are running trillion-dollar deficits--both sides of the  aisle generating them--from the Bush years. We had COVID come along. We  politically enterprised, I think, through 2 years, not recognizing what  the real capability of our economy would be, and we are in a pickle.   I am going to do a little math quiz here. I did it with a bunch of  reporters 3 months ago. I said: What is 1 percent of 30 trillion?   Would the Presiding Officer venture to make a guess on that?    So 1 percent of 30 trillion is 300 billion.   After 30 seconds of silence, one reporter offered 300 million. I  said: You are off by a power of a thousand.   That is how abstract these numbers become, but they become real over  time when you take interest rates that have gone up 4 to 5 percent. Now  that you know what 1 percent of 30 trillion is, try 5 percent. That is  1.5 trillion. That is what we are going to be pricing into our debt  that we are incurring.   The only blueprint out there has been from the Biden administration-- puts us $20 trillion further in debt in just 10 years. And all this is  going to do is knock it back to just $18 trillion more. That is  shameful for future generations.   This institution needs to be healthy, and it needs to live within its  means like households do, like local and State governments do, like all  businesses do. Try talking to your banker, running a 30-percent loss,  wanting them to lend you the money. They would laugh you out of the  office before you got into the details of really what you need. It is a  bad business plan.   I could go on about that, but it has been happening for now over two  decades, both sides of the aisle. The deal is generally made by some on  our side of the aisle who hold defense sacrosanct, don't want to budge  at all. The other side views domestic spending as more important. But  we generally work out this same deal. But do you know what the net  result is? We are deeper in debt.   I did take finance 101. I spent 37 years running a business with full  competition, the rigor of it, was on a school board, and was on ways  and means in our State government. It can be done.   We have the printing press in the basement; that is the Fed. When  they take all this fiscal stimulus that we did and put it on their  balance sheet, that is how you print money. That is a bad business plan  for future generations.   I am going to introduce an amendment called the no-default amendment.  We should not be flirting with this year after year when we know it is  going to happen anyway, and until we put real reforms into the system,  expect the same.   The next time we hit the debt ceiling, when the Treasury says you are  [[Page S1875]]  entering into extraordinary measures, that is when the clock starts. My  amendment--if you can't get a real deal done with reforms addressing  the things I have talked about, we are going to start paring back this  place, and it is going to be across the board, defense and domestic  spending--every 30 days, a 1-percent cut. If you are so thickheaded  that you can't get it done then, in another 30 days, you do it again.  That would put some rigor into the process.   But if we are not honest with the public and really address the  programs that are dearest to most Americans--Social Security, Medicare,  Medicaid--and quit doing mandatory spending on things that aren't  important, we are going to run this place into the ditch.   I fear for what my kids and grandkids are going to have to deal with,  and I think all Americans should be worried about that. This would be  at least a start of putting a little bit of discipline into an  undisciplined system.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 91 and ask that  it be reported by number.    This should be the easiest vote of the night. This is to  take default off the table in future endeavors like this. This simply  says that when we get notice that extraordinary measures are going to  be incorporated--that happened in January, I believe, of this year; X  date is this Monday--that if we do not do a bill that either raises the  amount or changes the date, ideally with reforms, that on the X date,  after we had 5 to 6 months to do it, we have 1 percent cuts across the  board on discretionary spending. It is the No Default Act.   We should not be risking default. This would be simple. It gives us  plenty of time and puts a little incentive. If you reach the X date,  you are going to be encouraged to do it by then. If not, it would  happen again in 30 days.   I ask for your support. Let's not default when we engage this same  dynamic in the future.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there a sufficient second?   There is a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.   