 I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to recognize one of the  hardest working public servants in my State--indeed, in any State--Mark  Hayward. Mark will be retiring at the end of the year as the District  Director of the Small Business Administration in the State of Rhode  Island.   This is no normal retirement. Mark's commitment to public service and  Rhode Island stretches back 45 years. He was first elected to the city  council in his hometown of East Providence, RI, while he was still a  student at Providence College. His peers on the council quickly  recognized the intelligence, the compassion, and the work ethic that  dominated his career. And despite his youth, they voted him mayor of  the town.   After 6 years as mayor, Mark made the decision to leave Rhode Island  for Washington, DC, in order to serve as Deputy Director of  Intergovernmental Affairs at the Environmental Protection Agency and  later as Deputy Assistant Secretary for Territorial and International  Affairs at the Department of the Interior.   But the pull to return to Rhode Island was strong. After joining SBA  in 1990, Mark moved to the Rhode Island office, which he was soon  appointed to lead as the District Director. In total, Mark has spent a  remarkable 29 years as acting and then permanent SBA District Director  for the State of Rhode Island.   Most of our small businesses have never known a world without Mark's  guidance. But his story is characterized by more than longevity. It is  defined by hard work and an encyclopedic knowledge of SBA programs and  business opportunities. Mark's combination of dedication and knowledge  has been particularly valuable during times of crisis. From snowstorms  to hurricanes, to the devastating floods that struck the Ocean State in  2010, Mark has been there to orchestrate the response and help  businesses and homeowners recover.   This past August, Mark was on the scene working to help small  businesses recover from a devastating fire on Block Island that  destroyed one of the island's landmark hotels and harmed a number of  small businesses. But Mark's skill and commitment shone highest during  the darkest days of the COVID-19 pandemic, when he seemed to be  everywhere all at once. He was ever-present on Zoom townhalls,  constantly on the phone with myself and other Members of the  delegation, and always available to small business owners who needed  help understanding the finer points of the Paycheck Protection Program  and COVID-19 Economic Injury Disaster Loans.   He was in demand because everybody knew that no one is better at  slicing through the redtape than Mark.   It is not exaggerating to say that the loans and grants he helped  Rhode Island businesses secure kept them afloat. Across his two-plus  decades as permanent District Director, Mark has helped pipe $6.8  billion into Rhode Island's economy, enabling our small businesses to  start, to grow, and to thrive while staying local. That is a hugely  significant number, particularly for a State of Rhode Island's size.   Mark's work ethic during the pandemic was simply an extension of the  work he puts in every day. Mark has long worked early mornings and been  on call at all hours of the week and weekend, always ready to listen  and to help.   Don't just take my word for it. SBA leadership has asked Mark to  cover vacant Regional Administrator positions five times during his  tenure with the Agency--a clear demonstration of the trust and respect  his peers hold for him.   For Mark, this isn't just business, it is personal. It is about his  dedication and commitment to public service. He is not just helping  small businesses with their finances. He visits and patronizes them in  his free time, embracing the mantra ``to shop local.'' And, at this  point in his career, it is hard to find a Rhode Island business that he  hasn't helped.   That is why we are going to miss Mark. Our entrepreneurs will miss  his guidance, and I will miss his thoughtful advice and quick wit. I  know he will fill his time with his family, his wife Nancy, his  children--Patrick, Kelsey, and Megan--and grandchildren, Johnny and  Lily. And in true Mark Hayward fashion, I also know he will find new  ways to continue serving in Rhode Island.   And, I must say, this is a Rhode Island story. So the following  should be obvious. Mark's grandmother and my grandmother would talk  about once a week on the telephone in Portuguese, just to make sure the  whole State was running properly, and, if they had to give advice, they  would give advice. So he is an old family friend as well as a brilliant  public servant.   Mark, congratulations on your retirement, and thank you.   Let me yield to my colleague.    Madam President, next week, the Naval War College in  Newport, RI, will host the unveiling of the keel plate for the Arleigh  Burke-class guided-missile destroyer DDG-138, which will be named for  an extraordinary American and an extraordinary Rhode Islander:  Ambassador J. William Middendorf.   I won't be able to honor Ambassador Middendorf in person. So I would  like to take this opportunity, along with my colleague Senator  Whitehouse, to say a few words of appreciation for his contributions  and public service.   Ambassador Middendorf, who now resides in the town of Little Compton,  RI, was born 99 years ago, on September 24, 1924, in Baltimore, MD. He  remains a person of tremendous intellect, interests, and achievement.  To this day, he continues to share his strong and always interesting  opinions as a frequent contributor for the Providence Journal.   I don't always agree with him, but his column always makes for a  lively read, and he has been preparing an upcoming book on the way  called ``On My Watch: Tyrants and Patriots.''   I would like to highlight some of Ambassador Middendorf's extensive  record of achievement and patriotic accomplishments.   In the 1940s, while our Nation was at war, he served in the Navy as  an engineering officer and navigator aboard the landing craft support  ship USS LCS-53 and earned his bachelor of naval science from the  College of the Holy Cross under the Navy's V-12 Program. After he was  discharged from the Navy, he earned a bachelor of arts degree from  Harvard University in 1947 and then an M.B.A. from the Stern School of  Business at New York University in 1954.   Ambassador Middendorf became an investment banker and cofounded  Middendorf, Colgate and Company, which became a prominent Wall Street  firm, and he took on important roles in the national Republican Party.   In 1969, he left his investment firm and was appointed as U.S.  Ambassador to the Netherlands and continued in that position until  1973. He then served as Under Secretary of the Navy with an appointment  from President Nixon.   On April 8, 1974, Ambassador Middendorf became the 62nd Secretary of  the Navy, serving through the Ford administration. During his tenure as  Secretary of the Navy, he championed and oversaw the development of  four major Navy programs: the Ohio-class submarine program and the  accompanying Trident missiles, the Aegis surface-launched missile  system, the CH-53E heavy-lift helicopter for the Marine Corps, and the  F/A-18 Hornet carrier-based attack aircraft.   Ambassador Middendorf is also credited with creating the famed Marine  Corps Marathon. As Secretary of the Navy, he encouraged and approved  the first Marine Reserve Marathon and provided replicas of the Iwo Jima  statue to be used as trophies for the male and female marathon winners.   After his tenure as Secretary of the Navy, he returned to the private  sector as president and chief executive officer of Financial General  Bankshares, which he reorganized and renamed as First American Bank.   In 1980, Ambassador Middendorf led the CIA transition team for  President Reagan's incoming administration. He was later named the U.S.  Ambassador to the Organization of American States, a post he served in  until 1984, when he accepted the appointment as U.S. Representative to  the European Community, which is now known as the European Union. He  served in that role until 1987.   On June 10, 2022, Secretary of the Navy Carlos Del Toro announced  that the future Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer DDG-138,  now under construction at Bath Iron Works shipyard in Maine, will be  named the USS J. William Middendorf. The name selection follows the  tradition of naming destroyers after U.S. naval leaders and heroes.   I congratulate Ambassador Middendorf on his well-deserved honor and  express my gratitude to the shipbuilders and sailors who are bringing  this new Arleigh Burke destroyer into the service of our Nation.   With that, I yield the floor.   