 Mr. Speaker, I rise to lament the failure today to  consider a resolution which would reflect the overwhelming consensus in  this House: that capitalism, not socialism, has proven to be the very  best economic system.   It is the most effective system to create dynamic economies and  incentivize individual innovation, entrepreneurship, and risk-taking to  achieve economic security and success. Such a resolution would have  brought us together. It would give confidence to our fellow citizens  that we are united in our support of our Democratic capitalist system.   The resolution before us today, however, does not do that. Instead,  it is an intellectually bankrupt screed of political demagoguery. All  it aims to do is to divide and distract this institution and this  country. It is a political gotcha and a distraction from the real  issues that face the American people.   As our departed colleague Elijah Cummings said, ``We are better than  this.''   We just came from an annual prayer breakfast where we gave voice to  reconciliation and unity. We prayed to one God, and we recited our  pledge to one nation, under God, indivisible.   This resolution seeks to divide. Americans expect more of us. This  resolution does not, sadly, Mr. Speaker, further that goal.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to make the point: The two individuals  that we removed from committees were not removed for their speech. They  were removed because they made threats against other Members.   This one was made before the Representative came. Mr. Gosar's, of  course, was made during, but both were removed because of the threat  they posed to three of our colleagues; not because of their speech but  because of their threat with an AK-47 or AR-15--I am not sure which  that gun is--and promoting themselves as the biggest nightmare to three  of our colleagues, and Mr. Gosar portraying the murder of one of our  colleagues.   There is no equivalency here. We believe in free speech, however  hateful that speech is. I will tell you, I take a back seat to no one  in this Chamber in my support of Israel and against anti-Semitism, to  no one, and my record reflects that.     Mr. Speaker, the equivalency that has been made here is  absolutely without merit, and you go down a terrible road.   I do not agree with the statements that were made. I oppose them. I  said on this floor that I opposed them.   But by golly, there are a whole lot of your folks over there that I  disagree with vehemently who rationalized insurrection and that would  be a reason for me to vote for having them off a committee. But that is  not how we operate.   But if a Member threatens another Member, that is a different kettle  of fish altogether.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose this resolution and urge its rejection.   