 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to offer my amendment No. 68 to H.R.  4368, the Agricultural, Rural Development, Food and Drug  Administration, and Related Agencies appropriations bill.   Amendment No. 68 prohibits funding for the implementation of the  Unapproved Drug Initiative. This initiative causes generic drugs that  have historically low prices to have their prices skyrocket, which  ultimately hurts families across the Nation.   Because of the Unapproved Drug Initiative, many generic drugs that  have been used for centuries were removed from the market and awarded  to large pharmaceutical companies to seek new drug applications, which  has led to monopolistic practices.   On top of this, the new drug manufacturer was granted a period of  market exclusivity and aggressively used the courts to block other drug  companies from marketing cheaper generic alternatives for years.   The best example of this issue is in the pricing of the therapeutic  drug colchicine. When I was a resident at Grady Hospital through the  Emory ER residency program, I treated patients with colchicine for  gout.   The drug had been around for centuries. It was a cheap drug. The  average American could afford it. It cost about $11.   After this initiative, colchicine increased nearly 16-fold from about  $11 in 2009 to $190 in 2011. The average family cannot afford that.   As of 2020, price increases of drugs through the Unapproved Drug  Initiative have increased U.S. health spending by $3.2 billion.   High drug costs do not only interfere with appropriate use of  medications, but they force families to make impossible choices between  their healthcare and other basic needs.   If reinstated, the Unapproved Drug Initiative would target an  estimated 1,500 drugs. Even one increase would punish all of us,  whether destitute or well-insured.   The only one who wins is Big Pharma. We all lose. That is why I urge  my colleagues to support amendment No. 68, which serves as a safeguard  to ensure that the FDA does not continue to implement the Unapproved  Drug Initiative, which is hurting Americans and placing an undue burden  on the healthcare system.   To be clear, there will never be a good use for this. It can only be  used to profit and cannot benefit people we serve, especially the most  vulnerable.   I appeal to my fellow Georgian, my fellow servant, my fellow  Christian, join me in a nonpartisan effort to protect the American  people.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   