 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding.   A ploy? It is not a ploy when the Department of Justice treats  parents as terrorists; moms and dads who are simply showing up at a  school board meeting to advocate for their son or daughter. It is not a  ploy when the FBI pays Twitter $3 million, not 1, not 2, $3 million to  censor American citizens.   It is not a ploy when the Department of Homeland Security tries to  set up a disinformation governance board because we all know that the  Department of Homeland Security can tell what is good speech and what  is bad speech. You have got to be kidding me.   I will tell you what, dozens of whistleblowers who have come and  talked to Republican staff on the Judiciary Committee don't think this  is a ploy. That is why they came to talk to us. They know how serious  this is.    The former Democrat chair of the Judiciary Committee is in the press  today saying we are going to fight this tooth and nail. This is  political. Meanwhile, the former Democrat chair of the Intelligence  Committee pressured Twitter to censor a journalist. You have got to be  kidding me.   This is about the First Amendment, something you guys used to care  about. I had actually hoped we could get bipartisan agreement on  protecting the First Amendment, the five rights we enjoy as Americans  under the First Amendment: Your right to practice your faith, your  right to assemble, your right to petition the government, freedom of  press, freedom of speech. Every single one has been attacked in the  last 2 years.   The Government was telling people they couldn't go to church just a  few years ago; your right to assemble. Your right to petition the  Government. The Democrats kept the Capitol closed. You couldn't, as a  citizen, come to your Capitol that you pay for to address your Member  of Congress to redress your grievances because Nancy Pelosi wouldn't  let you in.   Freedom of the press. I just told you what the head of the Intel  Committee tried to do to a journalist. The most important right we  have, though, is your right to talk. Because if you can't talk, you  can't practice your faith, you can't share your faith, you can't  petition your government. The right to speak is the most important, and  that is what they are going after. That is why we have had dozens of  whistleblowers come talk to us. We want to focus on that because we  want it all to stop. We want the double standard to stop. This idea  that, oh, if you are a pro-life activist, you are going to get your  door kicked in and you are going to get arrested and handcuffed in  front of your seven kids and your spouse for simply praying in front of  abortion clinic, and telling the guy who was harassing your son to  knock it off you are going to have the FBI raid your home; but the  protests that went on at Supreme Court Justices' homes in the aftermath  of the leak of the Dobbs opinion, oh, no problem there. Americans are  sick and tired of it.   We don't want to go after anyone. We just want it to stop. We want to  respect  [[Page H132]]  the First Amendment to the Constitution that the greatest country in  the world has. That is what this committee is all about, and that is  what we are going to focus on. That is what we are going to do.   