 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the social cost of carbon is an important  tool that allows us to put economic value on the cost of greenhouse gas  emissions to society as emissions continue to grow.   As we inch closer to the tipping point for being able to reverse the  impacts of climate change, the social cost of carbon is even more  important for us to know. This kind of analysis is used to evaluate  policy proposals and helps to take into account the nonmonetary costs  of carbon emissions, like its impact on pollution, drought, public  health, and more.   As a real-world example, a social cost of carbon analysis can help  more accurately measure the price of oil by taking into account the  health and environmental impacts of emissions from oil refineries on  nearby communities.   By correctly valuing the damage of each additional ton of carbon  dioxide emissions, we can see the real costs or benefits of raising or  decreasing greenhouse gas emissions. Using the social cost of carbon  now will not only provide massive financial savings in the future for  individuals, businesses, and the government, but it will also help to  better evaluate the significant public health impacts of climate  change.   In the district I represent and the rest of the San Francisco Bay  Area, we are continually hit by the impacts of climate-fueled wildfires  and drought, among other disasters, as we have seen in the past year  alone. The area I represent is a heavy fossil fuel-impacted area with  five oil refineries. My district is the headquarters of the second- largest American petroleum company, Chevron.   We have a lot of economic importance in this community, but we are  also at the forefront of transitioning, making sure that we are  analytical and peer-reviewed in those objective reviews, including  cost-benefits, so we make the right decisions in this transition. This  is why this is important.   These disasters that we have been impacted by--direct and indirect  impacts on public health, including physical injury, mental health  impacts, and making chronic illnesses even worse--put extra burdens on  individual families in the medical system locally, at the State level,  and nationally. This only highlights the need to use all the tools  available to reduce greenhouse gas emissions but in a thoughtful way by  having the best analysis possible.   By knowing the true value of certain investments and policy action,  and objective criteria, we can make more informed decisions on how our  actions today will impact future generations.   Addressing climate change takes a whole-of-government approach.  Having been a former board member of the California Air Resources  Board, and having served under two Republican Governors and one  Democratic Governor when we did these kinds of analyses that were  bipartisan, I know firsthand the importance of correctly evaluating the  reduction of emissions from all angles.   At that time, both Republicans and Democrats in California valued  legitimate cost-benefit analysis. The board had to consider this by a  State statute, which was signed by Ronald Reagan when he signed the  California Clean Air Act, and consider all of these consequences.   Unfortunately, the bill in front of us today prohibits the Federal  Government from doing just this kind of carbon analysis on a cost- benefit basis. This is just another misguided, partisan effort,  unfortunately, to dismantle our work to address, in a thoughtful way,  climate change that will continue to be detrimental to all communities,  industries, and businesses.   My amendment would strike this prohibition and continue to allow for  agencies to use the social cost of carbon in a cost-benefit way as one  tool in the larger decisionmaking process.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I unexpectedly and respectfully disagree  with my friend and colleague.   As in all cost-benefits, it takes time to make them more effective.  In California, we are doing that as part of the tradition of the  California EPA and CARB. We work closely with the Federal agencies, and  then everyone benefits from it, whatever their position on energy and  the effect of climate.   As I said, as somebody who has been involved with the fossil fuel  industry and wants to make sure that there is a correct transition, and  as someone who views the impact of carbon very seriously and thinks we  are in a very difficult time, these kinds of cost-benefits, if done  right, help the argument.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.  [[Page H5276]]        