 Mr. Chair, I proudly rise today in support of  Congresswoman Steel's DETERRENT Act.   The world is on fire, and evil is spreading globally. We cannot  permit American colleges and universities to be compromised. Our  adversaries are determined to subvert our national interests, and  today's modern battleground now includes American college campuses.   When American higher ed administrators accept financial incentives  and gifts from adversarial regimes, it sends a clear message that  influence on campus is for sale and that American universities are open  for business.   Simply put, this is profit over patriotism. I will go a step further  and call it anti-American.   It is important to understand that when our universities receive  millions from countries that are antithetical to American values, there  are strings attached.   Under section 117 of the Higher Education Act, colleges and  universities must disclose any foreign funding to an institution  exceeding $250,000. Yet, in 2019, a Senate report found that 70 percent  of colleges chose to evade, hide, and cheat to avoid compliance with  this law. Only 30 percent of administrators overseeing our educational  institutions deemed it important to follow the law put in place by  Congress with oversight authority.   This is incredibly concerning, and it must come to an end.   I am proud that my bill, the Reporting on Investments in Foreign  Adversaries Act, the RIFA Act, was included in Congresswoman Steel's  landmark legislation. This is the latest step to hold private industry  accountable for their financial partnerships with foreign countries and  entities hostile to the United States.   There is a disturbing lack of accountability for private institutions  with endowments funded by foreign countries. Many of these countries  seek nefarious influence within American universities, which undermines  our national security.   By bribing American academic institutions with billions of dollars,  our adversaries corrode the minds of American students with anti- American and pro-Marxist propaganda. This poses a threat to our  national security, research and development efforts, intellectual  property, and academic freedom as a whole.    Mr. Chair, the manipulation of our children on American  soil paid for by the American taxpayer is unacceptable.    For the sake of our Republic and the millions of taxpaying Americans,  we demand a higher standard, full transparency, and more accountability  for college administrators who are complicit. We cannot be satisfied  with anything less.   Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the  DETERRENT Act.   