 Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1059, the SECURE Notarization Act is  a bipartisan bill that would authorize the nationwide use of remote  online notarizations performed in interstate commerce. This is simply  an electronic notarization where the party and the notary are in  different locations.   Society has widely adopted remote meetings, events, and even social  activities. Requirements for a signer to be physically present before a  notary are often impractical and sometimes impossible, such as with  military deployment or travel limitations.   Remote online notarization increases the use of notarization and  allows individuals to conduct crucial business, particularly if both  parties are unable to be physically present with a notary.   This bill would provide businesses and individuals with the ability  to execute documents using two-way audiovisual communications while  protecting consumers with a multifactor authentication and the use of  tamper-evident technology.   The bill would not replace the State laws governing the authorization  and regulation of notaries public, nor would the bill alter State  control over the practice of law or commonly notarized legal papers,  like estate documents.   This bill is limited only to remote online notaries performed in  interstate commerce. It does not alter the regulation of notaries, nor  does it require the use of remote online notaries.   It would simply provide for the recognition of remote notarization  performed in interstate commerce. It would also ensure that the Federal  and State courts recognize such remote notarizations.   This is similar to the Full Faith and Credit Clause implementing  statutes that ensure the recognition of official activities or judicial  proceedings conducted in another State.   In the 117th Congress, this bill passed the House by voice vote after  earning 123 cosponsors and passing the Committee on Energy and Commerce  with a 56-0 vote. It also has the support of 20 organizations, like the  American Land Title Association, the National Association of Federally  Insured Credit Unions, and Mortgage Action Alliance. All of these  groups supporting the bill utilize notaries public on a daily basis.   I say a special thank you to my friend, Representative Madeleine  Dean, for working on this important legislation over the last two  Congresses.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   