 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this en  bloc.  [[Page H3867]]  It includes a number of provisions that will improve the bill,  including:   A proposal from Representative Manning to advance the recommendations  of the Youth Access to the American Jobs in Aviation Task Force,  particularly on increasing access to information and enhancing  collaboration;   A proposal led by Representative Rouzer with bipartisan support to  prohibit the Department of Transportation from purchasing drones from  foreign adversaries, including Russia and China;   A proposal led by Representative   David Scott to increase the FAA's  community outreach to aviation-impacted communities;   A proposal by Representative Sherrill with bipartisan support for the  FAA to study national security implications of unmanned free balloons  and the technical feasibility of having an electronic emitter on board;   A proposal from Representatives Thompson and Vasquez requiring the  DOT to study the loss of commercial air service in small communities  and providing recommendations for restoring that service; and   A critically important proposal from Representatives Yakym and Titus  to ensure maximum air traffic controller hiring for the next 5 years.   Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to support this en bloc amendment, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I recommend that folks vote for  this en bloc, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to  the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Graves), the chairman of  the full committee.    Mr. Chair, I don't know that I could add  much to Chairman Graves' comments. He clearly is a leader--if not the  leader--on aviation in this Congress. He has more expertise on the  vagaries of the general aviation airplane market, and I stand behind  his comments.   Mr. Chair, I will address a comment made earlier by the proponent of  the amendment, and that was the implication that this bill seems to be  only about this issue when we should be dealing with air traffic  controller staffing, pilot staffing, or manufacturing.   I have said that this bill is not about issue A, issue B, or issue C.  This bill is a whole alphabet of issues that we have to deal with with  the FAA.    In fact, this bill does address air traffic controller staffing by  requiring the FAA to staff up to the maximum number, according to the  staffing model that the FAA has.   It makes investments in the aviation workforce with aviation  workforce development programs to increase the amount of talent in the  pipeline for pilots, maintenance workers, and manufacturing workers in  aviation.   It makes critical changes and improvements to accessibility for  people who are wheelchair-bound or need to use mobility aids when they  travel.  [[Page H3869]]    To imply this bill is only about one issue, and this particular  issue, is not an accurate description at all of this legislation nor of  the work of the full Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to  bring this bill to the floor to get the FAA reauthorized.   Mr. Chair, I wanted to make sure that goes on record as part of this  debate, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much  time I have remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  amendment offered by Representative Perry.    As Representative Perry knows, he is  showing great leadership on the T&I subcommittee that oversees public  building use, economic development, and emergency management. In fact,  we had a hearing last week with a couple of witnesses to discuss the  very issue of office use space with the General Services  Administration.   There is quite a bit of agreement on the committee right now about  the fact that we have a problem of empty office space and there is not  a good alignment between the use of the space and telework policies. We  are trying to get the GSA, the General Services Administration, to take  a look at that hard and come up with a better balance.   Representative Perry is leading that effort, and I congratulate him  for that. It is because of his leadership on that that we have some  bipartisan agreement approaching that issue.   That said, the FAA telework policies that are under fire from this  amendment existed prior to COVID-19, and they exist today. The FAA  itself--as many agencies are--is trying to find that new balance post- COVID. I continue to support the agency's ability to establish and  revise, as needed, their commonsense telework policies.   We have achieved a bipartisan, commonsense approach to dealing with  and overseeing FAA telework coming out of this pandemic, and I urge  Members to reject this amendment, which will take us backward.   Section 802 of the underlying bill addresses the core concern that  Representative Perry has presented in this amendment, that the FAA  should review the agency's telework policies. The underlying bill  ensures FAA considers in its review aviation safety, employee training,  the global leadership of U.S. aviation and performing oversight  responsibilities.   Creating additional burdensome requirements on the FAA, as  contemplated in the amendment, to get OMB approval for any telework  policy changes will hinder FAA's ability to adapt to changing  conditions.   This bill has already given the FAA a lot of things to do, and it  doesn't seem to make sense to give them more to do when they are  already, essentially, trying to get done what the spirit of the  underlying bill is asking it to do.   This amendment would also undercut the FAA's existing collective  bargaining agreements and force it to take up valuable time  renegotiating these agreements when it should be focusing on its  critical safety work.   Additionally, this amendment upgrades the FAA's ability to create a  competitive workplace so we can attract people into the FAA and attract  new talent.   For these reasons, Mr. Chair, I am opposing the amendment, and I  encourage my colleagues to do the same. I retain my commitment to  working with Representative Perry in his role as the chair of the  subcommittee to continue looking at how we can get the GSA to best  balance the use of federally owned office space and leased space with  the Federal employee workforce.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to the time  remaining.    Mr. Chair, first off, I want to be clear. I  think government unions should be legal. They are legal in the United  States, and I am very pleased they are legal so those unions can  represent the women and men who go to work every day on behalf of the  taxpaying public to do their job in service.   In that vein, too, there is no indication that FAA employees are en  bloc not showing up to go to work. They may not be going to the  workplace because we have telework policies in place. That does not  equate--it does not equate to people not doing the work that we ask of  them. In fact, this bill, the FAA reauthorization bill, the Securing  Growth and Robust Leadership in the American Aviation Act, asks the FAA  to do even more to improve the already gold standard that we have in  U.S. aviation in the United States.   We are giving the FAA employees plenty to do, and our committee will  commit to ensuring that the FAA does just that through our oversight  responsibilities.   Mr. Chair, with my remaining time I do want to thank the chair of the  full committee, Sam Graves, for his leadership to get us to this point.  We are on the verge of passing a comprehensive, bipartisan, negotiated- in-good-faith, important, policy-based bill, I presume in a bipartisan  manner, which may not make the news because it wasn't exciting enough  for the news. We pride ourselves on being a boring committee and a  workhorse committee, just trying to get our work done, and Sam Graves,  in my view, deserves all the credit for that work and the great work of  his team to make that happen.   I thank the team standing behind me on the committee staff, as well  for their work to help make this happen. They are a critical part of  ensuring that we got to this point today.   Should we pass this bill, we have some work to do with the other body  and White House, but I expect that we will do that.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   