 Mr. President, I don't intend to try to match the  eloquence of Senator Warnock, and I am certainly not going to repeat  what he just said.   Senator Warnock and I have introduced--as he said--the Affordable  Insulin Now Act of 2023. It would cap the price of insulin for people  with private insurance and people who don't have any insurance at all  at $35 for a 30-day supply.   I have noticed that nobody in Washington ever stands up and says: I  have got a lousy idea, and I need money for it.   It is always: I have got an extraordinary idea and an important idea  and an effective idea, and we need to do this. We need to spend money.   And in almost all the cases, the people making that assertion are in  good faith. They really believe that. And in many cases, it is true.  They have a great idea. And a lot of what we do, as you know, is we  make decisions, but we really--that means we balance interests. We have  got a finite amount of money. We can't keep borrowing at the rate we  have been borrowing. We have got a finite amount of money, and we have  got to make hard decisions on what to spend that money on.   And the traditional dichotomy is, well, guns versus butter, domestic  needs versus defense needs. But it is more complicated than that.  Sometimes it is butter versus butter. And those are hard decisions to  make, and I realize that.   The second point, I guess, I would make is that we deal with so many  problems in the U.S. Congress that, frankly, we don't know how to  solve. We are doing the best that we can, but we are really nibbling at  around the edges. I don't know how to make a parent love their child.   We all know that if a parent doesn't show the parent's love for a  child, the child is not going to stop loving the parent; the child is  going to stop loving himself. And we know what that leads to.   And I don't know how. I don't know anybody who really knows how to  make a parent love a child and support their children. That is one of  those problems we deal with all the time. It is hard to solve. We don't  really completely understand how to successfully help an addict stop  being an addict. I wish we did. And there are things we can do to help  the addict, but we don't really have the answer.   Sometimes we pretend we do, but we don't. We don't have the answer. I  don't have the answer to stop people from hurting other people, from  taking their stuff and doing it repeatedly.   And I could continue. All the easy problems are solved. And I make  these two points that we have a lot of competing interests for the way  we spend money and the point that there are some problems we really  don't know how to solve. To assert--and you can believe me or not  believe me, but if you will read the report that Senator Warnock talked  about, you will see that he and I, I believe, are correct. This is a  problem we can solve.   If I had to pick one health problem that affects the quality of life  and costs our country and our system the most money, it would be  diabetes. I don't know if you have ever known somebody with diabetes.  It is a horrible disease, and it can't be cured. But we know how to  treat it.   It is very pervasive. In my State, 44 percent of my people are  affected by diabetes directly. Fourteen percent are diabetic. Another  30 percent are prediabetic. And Louisiana is not the only State with  those kind of numbers.   Diabetics account for $1 of every $4 spent, $1 out of every $4 spent  on healthcare in the United States of America. Think about that. The  average cost of hospitalization for a diabetic--which if they can't pay  for it, ultimately we all pay. The average cost of hospitalization for  diabetic patients is from $8,400 to $23,000 a year.   And medical costs, if you look beyond the quality-of-life issue and  the moral issue of just helping people who are sick, if you look at it  in terms of dollars and cents, diabetes costs America $327 billion a  year. That is in medical costs and lost work and wages and lost  productivity.   So we know the problem, and we know the costs. And we have a  solution: Insulin. It works. It works. So why don't we make insulin  available to everybody who needs it, whether they  [[Page S5500]]  can afford it or not? And that is what our bill does. It is not going  to be free. Insulin doesn't cost that much to make, and I don't  begrudge the companies who sell insulin. I don't begrudge them making a  profit.   But it is bone-deep, down-to-the-marrow stupid for us to allow  someone whose diabetes can be managed by taking insulin not to take  that insulin because they can't afford it. That is immoral, and that  makes no sense in terms of dollars-and-cents cost to the rest of the  American people. And Senator Warnock and I's bill would address that.  It would say: If you have private insurance, great. But if you don't  have any insurance at all, if you are uninsured--and a lot of Americans  become uninsured every year; maybe they don't stay uninsured, but they  become uninsured--and you are diabetic, we are going to cap your out- of-pocket cost at $35 for a 30-day supply. So you have no excuse not to  take your insulin to address your diabetes.    It is the right thing to do. It is the smart thing to do. And Senator  Warnock and I's bill is paid for. We are not suggesting we go out and  just borrow more money. This bill, our bill, is paid for. It is going  to be paid for by finding other moneys in the budget.   Now, Senator Warnock has worked extremely hard. He is the lead author  on this bill, and I thank him for his big mind and his good heart and  soul on this issue.   Others have worked hard too; Senator Collins and Senator Shaheen have  a bill, and we are working to try to marry our two bills, the four of  us. But, ultimately, what it is going to come down to, in my opinion,  is that, Senators being Senators, Senator Schumer is the floor leader.  He is going to have to force a shotgun marriage here. He is going to  have to take the good work of Senator Shaheen and Senator Collins,  Senator Warnock and my work--whether you want to call it good or not-- and say: I am going to take their efforts and put them in one bill. And  Senator Schumer's bill will be paid for; otherwise, I am not going to  vote for it, but it will be paid for.   And his bill--I will wrap it up real fast--and his bill will be paid  for, and it will lower the cost of insulin for insured and uninsured.   I yield to the Senator from Kansas.   