 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support  my amendment to ensure the Department of Defense has the flexibility  and authority to supply adequate power to defend this country and win  in battle.   It is ironic that we are here today, and I can't believe we are  talking about it, but we are. The latest rule by the Biden  administration to force the DOD to only use electricity for power and  heating without backup, without any regard to situation, terrain,  technology, or supply chain, is absurd.   Let's talk about energy security and what it looks like. The first 2  years of the Trump administration, we went from 8.7 million barrels a  day to 12.5 million barrels a day. We went from being energy vulnerable  and dependent upon our allies and potential adversaries to being energy  independent and, in some places, dominant.   By the way, we lowered emissions. Do you know why? Because America  does energy better, cleaner, and more efficient than any other country  on the face of this planet.   Let's talk about the Biden administration and what this does. It puts  our national security at risk.   First, let's talk about supply chains. In the EV world, where are the  minerals mined? Who controls the minerals, the processing, the  manufacturing? Who controls the solar cells, the components that make  up the EV world? China.   It is ironic that the moment we become energy independent, we are now  moving to more dependency on our allies and what could be our  adversaries.   Secondly, let's look at the cost. How much does it cost in the world  we live in? We are looking at budgets and savings and the future. What  this does is it raises the cost of construction, and there is no answer  to the supply chain. Just on mining critical minerals alone, it would  take a 2,000 percent increase for 20 years to meet the energy demands  of batteries today. Yet, this administration puts this rule in, and by  the way, good luck mining in the United States. The only thing this  administration is approving is gravel pits.   Let's talk about the environment and disposal. Where do 90 percent of  the solar cells go today? To landfills across this great Nation. How  about the turbine blades? How about the batteries? Where are the  batteries going? How do we remove the toxins? Do you know what? There  is no answer. There is no answer for the supply chain in the processing  and manufacturing, and there is no answer for the disposal.   Madam Chair, I agree with the gentlewoman from Florida that our  oceans are precious, absolutely precious. Ninety percent of the  plastics in the ocean come from four rivers in China. I can go over a  list of the environmental atrocities in China.   Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to vote for America, vote for  American energy, and stop this absurdity that is going to cost lives  because we won't be able to power this country.   Do you think we are having problems now? Ask the United States Navy,  which had to pull the fleet out of San Diego. Do you know why? They  don't have shore power because the grid is not set up for it. We are  dangerously moving toward vulnerability.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   