 Ten minutes.    I yield.    I yield.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk  about the military's new illegal abortion policy.   Last November, I got word from the Pentagon that it was planning on  replacing a 40-year law that was passed in this building, about  abortion in our military, that has worked perfectly for 40 years--no  complaints. But our President, in his wisdom, decided to change that  abortion policy with a memo.   So, because of that, I warned the Pentagon: Don't do this. Send this  new policy through the Senate, and let's vote on it. Let's represent  our colleagues. Let's represent the people back home who sent us up  here. They elect us to do that, to make decisions for them, to  represent them.   I said in writing that, if they imposed this new policy, I would put  a hold on senior nominations in the military. That is the only power  that we have in the minority to get the attention of the majority here  in the Senate.    I hated to do it. These people needed promotions, but somebody needs  to wake up in the White House and the Pentagon that they cannot dictate  policy here in the U.S. Senate.   Send it over. Let's vote on it.   So I put a hold, 11 months ago, on admirals and generals and civil  nominees. A few months went by--a few months being 11--and we have had  that hold ever since they put this policy in place.   But somebody had to stand up to what was going on. So I did it. I  stood up, knowing that I am 100 percent military. My dad was in the  military. I was a military brat. I believe in our military. It is the  No. 1 institution in this country because, if we don't have peace and  security for the American citizens, we are in trouble.   Secretary Austin knew that I would hold these nominations. He knew  it, but he decided to go ahead and do it anyway. It was his choice. The  current leadership in the Pentagon seems to think that taxpayer-funded  abortion is more important than military nominations.   Now, let's get this straight. This was in a policy that we had for 40  years that was about rape, incest, and harm to the mom. It had worked  for 40 years, but they decided to change that because they thought they  could without the consent of the Senate.   Since then, there has been absolutely no negotiation from my  Democratic colleagues or the Biden administration. I have had a brief  phone call a couple of times with the Secretary of Defense, but no  negotiations at all. You would think, if they were really concerned  about our military in a trying time in which we have all of the world  which they have created, that they would have called me: Let's talk  about this. Let's work it out. We need promotions.   Zero. Zero communications. I have been willing to negotiate the  entire time.   So, instead, the Democrats have spent 11 months attacking me for  trying to get them to do the right thing and to stand up for our  military. No, they didn't want any of that. They wanted it their way or  the highway.   Unfortunately, last month, even some of my Republican colleagues  attacked me--and attacked me personally--here on this floor. I could  see how this thing was going. They call themselves, you know,  military--people  [[Page S5774]]  that support the military. There is nobody, again, who supports the  military any more than me. But they are currently in the military, and  they were standing up for their colleagues, which is fine. But I can  stand and we all can stand for the life of the unborn and for our  military. You can do both.   Unfortunately, the Democrats don't want to do that. They do not like  the unborn, and they don't care anything about the military, or they  would have done something about this. They were saying these guys and  women need promotions. Well, these young unborn will never have a  chance for a promotion because they want to kill them before they are  born, which is absolutely amazing to me.   I have been asking the Pentagon to support evidence of changing this  policy, again, for almost a year. They said it is because of  recruiting: We need to be able to recruit more people, more women,  because we need a better abortion policy.   Again, there was zero evidence that this was going to help in  recruiting. And, folks, recruiting in the military has been an  absolute, total disaster--the worst in the history of this country. We  don't have anybody--hardly anybody--who wants to join a volunteer  military. It has only gotten worse since this policy went into effect,  which they started in February.   I have asked the Pentagon how many people have used this policy since  it has gone into place. They refused to answer. They have given me no  information at all.   I have also explained on this floor many times that this policy is  illegal. Now, if it was sent over here and we voted on it and it  passed, it is what it is. But that didn't happen. It wasn't going to  happen because they didn't have the votes. They didn't have the votes  to pass it. So we have an immoral, illegal policy that has no basis in  facts.   The world is a much more dangerous place today because of some of the  things that have happened, such as this abortion policy being put in by  Joe Biden and Chuck Schumer himself. It has become much more dangerous,  even since we put this policy in place last year.   Over the last 3 years, we have seen some of the worst humiliations in  the history of our military. President Biden waved the white flag of  surrender in Afghanistan: We are leaving; we want out. That is without  even helping people who are Americans and who have helped Americans for  20 years. We abandoned them.   Just 2 months later, Vladimir Putin began massing forces on his  border with Ukraine. I went to Ukraine right before the war started in  Ukraine and talked to President Zelenskyy himself, who said: We need  help. We need people at the border. If you will send materials, they  won't come in.   This administration wouldn't listen. We got out of the way and let  them come in. Since then, by the way, we spent 100 billion of the  taxpayer dollars. Now we want to spend $100 billion more. Joe Biden  failed to deter President Putin.   Joe Biden failed to deter Hamas because of his support of Iran--his  appeasement of Iran for the last 3 years, giving them money. Iran is  flush with cash now. Hamas is one of their proxies. Joe Biden has been  softer on Iran than any President in American history. There is no  question that America is less safe today than it was before Joe Biden  and Chuck Schumer took control of Washington, DC. There is no question.  The facts speak for themselves.   We have weakened our military, and Democrats in Congress have been  more than happy to go along with all of these policies. There are no  complaints from my Democratic colleagues.   I will just mention a few examples.   Joe Biden drove out 8,000--just think about this. We drove out 8,000  people in the military because they would not take a vaccine--8,000  people who love this country. Democrats in the Senate refused to  reinstate them and give them backpay when we voted on it about a year  ago. Now the Pentagon and my colleagues are begging them to please come  back. We can't get anybody to take a job in the military. Please come  back. It is no surprise that most of these heroes whom we ran out  because of the vaccine will not come back.   Now, I heard that Senator Durbin now wants illegal immigrants to  serve in the military because we can't find enough Americans.   Did I just not hear on the floor that Senator Durbin and Senator  Schumer are against assault weapons?   I heard that. Everybody has got their opinion. But they want to turn  around and give an assault weapon to a Chinese or a Russian or Iranian  who is coming into this country illegally to protect the American  citizens in the United States of America. Have we lost our minds? We  have absolutely lost it when it comes to protecting the citizens of  this country.   Is anybody in the White House asking why we can't recruit anymore? It  is absolutely amazing to me.   Here is another example. Our Navy is not building enough ships that  are required by law--that we passed. We are not building them. We are  worried more about climate change and EV cars.   Folks, we had better start protecting our borders and our country or  we are not going to have a country. I have never seen anything like it.  The Pentagon has become more distracted from its core mission by things  like diversity, equity, and inclusion. Hmm. The Pentagon just asked for  $114 million.   Now, I have been told during these last 11 months when I have been  attacked by the Democrats--and I have been attacked every day by the  Democrats: Oh, this is not a ``woke'' military. Wait a minute. We are  not teaching social justice programs in the military, but we want $114  million more to give for diversity, equity, and inclusion. We don't  even know how much the abortion travel memo has cost.   More and more veterans are telling their kids: Don't join this woke  military. I hear it every time I go out on the road and talk to groups  of Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. I mean, it is not about  party. It is about an institution that has been sacred to all of us in  this country for 247 years, but now it is under attack. It is under  attack by the politicians. This list goes on and on about the problems  in the military. It is an absolute disaster.   Then, last week, Senator Schumer stooped to a new low. The House and  the Senate, every year, pass a budget independently. Then we bring it  together, and we vote on the discrepancies to build one bill together  with the House--voted on by people on each side. I was involved in  that, but it was a sham. The conference is supposed to report it out as  a single bill after we put it together, but we had no vote. We had no  vote. The conference committee was just brought in for pictures. All of  the confirmations were done by the leadership, and Senator Schumer got  the No. 1 vote. The abortion policy was on the House side. It got  kicked out. We were supposed to vote on it. I had the votes to get it  done, but he knew that; so now we have an illegal abortion policy. This  bill was written in the back rooms, which is like a lot of things that  are done here, not by many but by a few.   I came here to represent the people of Alabama. If you are not given  a vote, why even send people up here? I didn't come here to outsource  my job to the Pentagon or the White House or, frankly, to the  leadership of either side--it doesn't make any difference--Democrat or  Republican.   This issue of taxpayer-funded abortion could have been resolved  through the NDAA, and whatever the outcome, I am fine; but bring it to  the floor, and let's vote on it. That is our job. But that doesn't  happen. It is not happening because Senator Schumer knew that he  couldn't get it passed. That is how DC works. Abortion is so important  to Senator Schumer that he is not letting us vote on this. Therefore,  there no longer appears to be any short-term path to ending the  Pentagon's illegal abortion policy. Some other policy will take time  for me to work through the process, but that doesn't happen overnight.   So, yesterday, I announced that I would change my tactics and let the  promotions go through--promotions that they needed, that our military  needed. But, again, Senator Schumer and his colleagues could care less.  They held their feet to the fire--no negotiation. But I am going to  continue to hold the four-star generals.   People say: Why would you insist on holding the four stars? We have  got 11 of them.  [[Page S5775]]    Today, we have 44 four-stars in the military. In World War II, we had  7--44 to 7. We had 12 million with 7 four-stars. Today, we have 44  four-stars with 2 million. It doesn't make sense--too many chiefs. So  we are going to hold those four stars. We can bring them up one at a  time, but they need to be vetted. We need to know who is running our  military. These jobs are too important to rubberstamp.   We need to keep fighting to make our military stronger and stronger.  The fight for the integrity of our military leadership will continue as  long as I am here. The fight to keep politics out of the most sacred  institution will continue. The fight to protect Senate and executive  branch overreach will continue. Senator Schumer can rig it all he  wants, but this fight is not over. We will continue to take it to the  American people because elections have consequences; and don't think  next year's is not very, very important.   I am not going to stop fighting for these things, and I am not going  to stop fighting for the American people. That is the reason we are  here. A lot of people forget that.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I join my colleagues to support our  ally Israel.   On October 7, Israel was suddenly and deliberately attacked by Hamas  terrorists. The terrorists targeted innocent people, not military  targets. That is very important. They killed thousands of civilians,  including dozens of Americans. They filmed their own atrocities and put  videos on the internet. They were very proud of what they were doing.  It is absolutely disgraceful.   The United States has supported Israel from the very beginning. The  first leader in the world to recognize Israel was Harry Truman.  Administrations from both parties have strongly supported Israel, but  now the Biden administration is trying to ride the fence.   Joe Biden knows that his voting base does not like it. The left  dislikes Israel. In their woke ideology, they say Palestinians are  oppressed by Israel. It is just not true.   Since the war broke out in October, liberals in Congress and around  the country have expressed sympathy for Hamas. It has been especially  bad on college campuses. I am not even going to repeat some of the  things that have been said by Democrat Members of Congress.   Joe Biden has also continued to practice appeasement of Iran. When  Joe Biden took office, Iran was dead broke. They had access to just a  few billion dollars in foreign currencies. Today, they have 10 times  that much money. This is because of loosened sanctions and because of  oil sales by Iran.   Iran is the No. 1 sponsor of terrorism in the world. Iran provides  funding for Hamas and for Hezbollah. Joe Biden is helping Iran to get  rich. There is no question that sanctions relief for Iran will end up  in the hands of terrorists. Joe Biden wants to ride the fence, but we  can't ride the fence on this one, not for our ally.   This is a battle between good and evil. This is about an ally of the  United States of America fighting terrorists who killed innocent women  and children. And let's remember, the terrorists killed Americans too.  Hamas would love to kill more Americans, and they will kill more  Americans if they get the chance. So Israel needs to wage a war of  extermination against Hamas.   I am supporting this legislation to provide $14 billion in aid to  Israel. Unlike the Democrats' request for foreign aid, this is paid  for. We pay for it by cancelling out the Democrats' plan to supersize  the IRS.   Are they more important than Israel?   Last year, the Democrats cut the IRS a check for $80 billion. Their  plan is to hire 80,000 new IRS agents. They want to double the size of  the IRS. They want to shake down the American people for every last  dime.   The wealthy will be just fine. The wealthy have tax lawyers and  accountants. It is families and small businesses that will pay this  price. A report from the Joint Tax Committee said that the Democrats'  bill last year raised taxes on almost every tax bracket.   So, last month, every Senator went on record on this bill to support  Israel. Every Republican voted for it. Every Democrat voted against it.   Now, it is clear for all the American people to see who supports  Israel. It is pretty simple. Who has other priorities? If the Democrats  block this bill today, they are just doubling down.   Democrats care a lot more about the IRS--bureaucrats shaking down  small businesses--than they do about supporting our ally Israel in  their fight against terrorism. It is time for Democrats to stop riding  the fence. Stop trying to play both sides, and let's support our ally,  Israel and ensure that the terrorists are defeated.   I yield back to my colleague.   