 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I would like to address the Senate.   Today was an inspiring day but also a sad day. Vermont, in the past  few days, has suffered a severe flood from a storm that in some places  dropped 9 inches of rain. It tumbled down off the mountains into our  streams, flooded those streams and rivers, and overflowed into our  villages and some of our major cities.   To my right, we are looking at a depiction of downtown Montpelier,  the capital of Vermont. Here, we are seeing damage in what is called  the Northeast Kingdom to infrastructure. There are scenes like this  everywhere.   Senator Sanders, Congresswoman Balint, and the entire Vermont  delegation with me toured Vermont with the Governor of Vermont, Phil  Scott, and with our FEMA Administrator, Deanne Criswell. It was an  inspiring day because we saw firsthand the extraordinary response of  our government.   President Biden immediately declared a state of emergency that  unleashed the ability of FEMA to provide resources. We saw our Governor  and our first responders in Vermont, our National Guard, our medical  personnel--our first responders who did so much to rescue people and  animals.   We saw Vermont volunteers who were along the Main Street of Mont- pelier when Senator Sanders and Congresswoman Balint and I were there  coming out of their homes to help folks whose businesses had been  devastated.   We saw the press, the Vermont press, reporting constantly and giving  detailed information about every location in Vermont that was  underwater, giving an update in a report about how things were coming  and where people could help.   By the way, it is just a testament to the vital importance of local  journalism. We are grateful as well for the hard work that our news  organizations and the reporters did, oftentimes putting themselves in  some significant peril. That was very inspiring.   What is sad is that the damage of these storms and this particular  storm is just overwhelming. Meeting homeowners in Barre who--one man we  spoke to had lived in his home, a very modest home but very beautifully  taken care of, where he raised his child and where he tended his  garden. He had 4 feet of water in his basement, and that was the good  news because the water had been up to his first floor. He was  desperately trying to get the water out to try to get the place in a  position where it was not going to have mold in his lifelong home,  which means so much to him and will be repaired.   We saw a woman who lived in a mobile home. All of us know that when  these weather catastrophes occur, it is oftentimes the people with the  least who suffer the most. She came out of her mobile home and walked  across a steep, mud-drenched field in Barre, VT, toward us and the  Governor with a little pail that represented toys of her children, and  she really had no place to go. Her mom had suffered flood damage as  well, and they were huddling together with her partner and her kids.   What is so hard is--it is easy to understand the challenge that  father had and that mother had, and we were there, and it is hopeful  for them that we show up, that our Federal FEMA Administrator was there  with her team, but what we know is that tomorrow, when the Sun is  shining hopefully, because more rain could be forecast, her life has to  go on, but it is without the foundation that she built and that father  I mentioned built over 30 years.   So that is the hard part. It is really, really hard for folks who  have established stability in their lives to see that business that  they had committed themselves to and worked so hard to establish or  that home they cared for and tended--that home where they provided  security to their families. The mystery to them is what is going to  happen.   It is why it is so important for us--and I am asking my colleagues  for their support--that we do the minimum. The minimum is to at least  get those Federal resources from FEMA back to Vermont, which is in a  state of emergency and where so many Vermonters have suffered a very  significant loss. They are willing to face it. People do that. They  know they have got to clean that house up, but they have got to have  some help. It is the help they get from their neighbors, but it also  has to be the help they get from the government. It has to back folks  up when, through no fault of their own, there is a catastrophic weather  event and it does so much damage to the lives and livelihoods of so  many.   Senator Sanders and Congresswoman Balint and I certainly were very  proud of the Vermont response,  [[Page S2351]]  from the Governor to the Administrators, to our press that is on the  case, but we have got a job here.   I am going to be asking my colleagues for us to do that which only  the Federal Government can do, and that is to provide those financial  resources to help folks when there has been a weather emergency where  they live.   If there is any base-level function of government to try to bring us  together as a community, as a United States of America, it is to stand  up and help folks, whether it is in Vermont or it is in Louisiana or it  is in deep Texas. Wherever it is, when there is an event through no  fault of their own where the weather is doing so much damage, I think  each of us reveres the opportunity we can have to help our colleague  and the folks whom our colleague represents. Vermont needs help now,  and Senator Sanders and I will be seeking to obtain that help on behalf  of Vermonters.   I want to wind down here a little bit by describing a photograph of a  sight I saw, and I took a photograph that we don't have here.   Along the river in Barre, where the mud had come down and the silt  had settled way outside of the banks of the river, there were three  beautiful bicycles that were in a tangled mess and half-buried. What it  represented clearly were the bikes of three young kids, of boys and  girls who looked forward at the end of the day, on a beautiful Vermont  summer day, to riding those bikes and having some fun. They don't know  where those bikes are. They are buried, they are twisted, they are out  of their reach, and it is having an effect on their lives.   I know Vermonters are going to respond, and I hope our Federal  Government responds. We have got to get bikes for those kids.   One of the things we have to do is to make some contributions to  funds that Vermonters made before when we suffered Tropical Storm  Irene--when we were trying to get families the help they needed--to be  able to have those kids back out on those bicycles in the beautiful  Vermont summer that can, after this storm, resume.   What I hope we do here--and I am going to be, as I mentioned, joined  fully by Senator Sanders, who led today's delegation--is seek the  assistance of our colleagues so that this government can be a friend at  the time of need for the Vermonters who in times of others' needs have  always been there.   I want to thank many of my colleagues who have approached me, Senator  Kennedy foremost among them, who has had a lot of experience with  natural disasters in Louisiana. There has been one colleague after  another saying: Peter, if there is anything we can do, we want to help.  So I take everyone at their word.   I want to end where I began, and that is with my expression of  gratitude to the response from Vermonters, from President Biden, from  Administrator Criswell, and from my colleagues as well.   Vermont is strong, and we will get through this. But make no  mistake--it is asking so much of a family who has lost a home. It is  asking so much of kids whose summer expectations are that they are  going to be able to ride on those Vermont country roads and enjoy being  out with their friends and no longer have the bikes. It is asking a lot  of families who are wondering what is going to happen now after mom's  business has closed. It is going to ask a lot of Vermonters who are  trying to figure out how in the world, even with help here, they are  going to navigate the paperwork that is necessary in order to get that  assistance.   What we are going to do here, in addition to seeking the assistance  that is required, is that Senator Sanders, Congresswoman Balint, and I  are coordinating our casework response because there are a lot of  concrete challenges that folks face. We want them to absolutely call  us, and we are going to work it out between the three of us to make  sure that we can help the most Vermonters as quickly as possible get  access to things that will be helpful to them to rebuild their futures.  We will be strong. We will recover.   I just want to end by acknowledging the sadness I feel for so many  families who and businesses that have been so hammered by this storm.  This storm, by the way, was dropping so much rain as a result of the  change in our climate that this point is undeniable. The warmer  temperatures over the ocean create much more moisture in the air, and  what was going to be a ``normal'' rainstorm becomes a deluge as 3  inches turn into 6 or 7 or 8 or 9 inches.   We do owe it to the future to act with alacrity, effectiveness, and  determination and address the climate factors that are going into  creating these mega storms.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Yes.   