 Mr. President, shortly, I will ask unanimous consent for  passage of the Armenian Protection Act of 2023.   Section 907 of the Freedom Support Act of 1992 was straightforward.  It kept Azerbaijan from receiving military assistance from the United  States. In the wake of 9/11, we granted the President the authority to  waive the statute and in order to protect American interests, and as a  result, we began sending military aid to Azerbaijan.   But we attached a very important condition: The Azerbaijani  Government could not engage in offensive attacks or undermine the peace  process with Armenia. Their recent actions in Nagorno-Karabakh have  clearly failed in meeting this very straightforward standard. Not only  did they blockade the Lachin corridor for 10 months, creating  significant hardships, they also violently attacked innocent Armenians  and forced the dissolution of the Government of Nagorno-Karabakh on  September 28.   The Armenian Protection Act of 2023 is simple: It would hold  Azerbaijan accountable for these actions. As a result of Azerbaijan's  failure to meet the  [[Page S5532]]  terms of our agreement with them, it would prevent the United States  from sending military aid for a period of 2 years. After that time, the  President could once again decide what best serves the American  interests in that region. The administration already has the authority  to cut off the support, but as this conflict has unfolded, they have  not taken public action.   We must send a strong message to show our partners around the world  that America will enforce the conditions that we attach to military  aid. If we do not take action when countries willfully ignore the terms  of our agreements with them, our agreements will become effectively  meaningless and toothless.   I urge my colleagues to join me in holding Azerbaijan accountable for  their actions, enforce our agreements with them, and stand with the  Armenian people in the face of unprovoked aggression.   I urge my colleagues to support the Armenian Protection Act of 2023.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign  Relations be discharged from further consideration of S. 3000 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the Peters substitute  amendment at the desk be agreed to.    I ask that the bill, as amended, be considered read a  third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.   