 Mr. Speaker, I rise to raise a question: What was the  secret side deal on Ukraine?   House Democrats and President Biden have said that as Speaker  McCarthy was asking Republicans to vote for a continuing resolution so  as to avoid having to take the Senate's plus-up in Ukraine money, that  the Speaker of the House was actually cutting a side deal to bring  Ukraine legislation to this floor with President Biden and House  Democrats.   So let me get this straight: To extend Joe Biden's spending and Joe  Biden's policy priorities, the Speaker of the House gave away to Joe  Biden the money for Ukraine that Joe Biden wanted.   It is going to be difficult for my Republican friends to keep calling  President Biden feeble while he continues to take Speaker McCarthy's  lunch money in every negotiation.   The Speaker of the House has responded to these reports of a secret  side deal on money for Ukraine, opaquely stating that he still wants to  fund Ukraine and our border.   I have a few replies to this statement.   First, the Speaker's statement confirms the existence of a secret  deal. I have talked to Members of our own leadership who have said they  didn't even know that Speaker McCarthy was negotiating a secret side  deal outside of our Conference, outside of his own leadership team for  the sake of Ukraine.   Second, Ukraine has lost the support of a majority of the majority.  The last time there was a freestanding Ukraine vote on this floor, it  was last week--101 Republicans voted for it, 117 Republicans voted  against it.   According to the Hastert rule, which Speaker McCarthy agreed to in  January, you cannot use Democrats to roll a majority of the majority on  something as consequential as Ukraine. So for all the crocodile tears  about what may happen later this week about a motion to vacate, working  with the Democrats is a yellow brick road that has been paved by  Speaker McCarthy, whether it was the debt limit deal, the CR, or now  the secret deal on Ukraine.   Third, this is swampy logrolling. The American people deserve single- subject bills. I get that a lot of folks might disagree with my  perspectives on the border or on Ukraine, but can we at least agree  that no matter how you feel about Ukraine or the southern border, they  each deserve the dignity of their own consideration and should not be  rolled together where they might pass where each individually wouldn't?    This is what we are trying to get away from. This is the spirit of  the January agreement we made with the Speaker. No more lashing these  disparate issues together so that the American people's interests are  subjugated here on the floor of the House.   Do you know how we should stand up for our border? Demand that the  United States Senate take up our single-subject appropriation bill that  funded the border. It created Republican unity. We voted for it. It has  the policy demands that the continuing resolution that Speaker McCarthy  advocated for on this floor did not.   Our DHS's funding bill requires E-Verify, and then hours later after  we passed that, the Speaker wanted us to vote for a continuing  resolution that didn't include E-Verify. Retreat is never a strategy to  win anything.   Mr. Speaker, just tell us, what was in the secret Ukraine side deal?  What commitments were made to President Biden to continue the spending  of President Biden in exchange for doing things for President Biden? It  is becoming increasingly clear who the Speaker of the House already  works for, and it is not the Republican Conference.   Mr. Speaker, I would ask that these questions be answered soon  because there may be other votes coming today or later this week that  could be impacted by the answers to these questions. Members of the  Republican Party might vote differently on a motion to vacate if they  heard what the Speaker had to share with us about his secret side deal  with Joe Biden on Ukraine. I will be listening. Stay tuned.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise  to give notice of my intention to raise a question of the privileges of  the House.    Declaring the Office of Speaker of the House of  Representatives to be vacant.   Resolved, that the Office of Speaker of the House of Representatives  is hereby declared to be vacant.   