 Madam Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 3799, the CHOICE  Arrangement Act. I thank both the Ways and Means Committee and the  Committee on Education and the Workforce for their hard work in  bringing this important bill to the floor.   I must state that what I have heard over the last 20 minutes of  sitting here and listening to my colleagues, it would lead me to  believe that they think Republicans don't want good healthcare, that we  don't need good healthcare, that we don't use good healthcare, and that  we would support employers not giving us good healthcare or our  constituents good healthcare, and that we would expect that Republican  employers wouldn't feel the same impact of trying to compete with other  employers whose benefits their employees look for.   That is just not true. I don't think the American public believes  that. We have the same concerns. We want good healthcare. That is why  this bill has been put forward.   With the ACA, true, everybody had insurance, but not everybody had  healthcare when they tried to use it. The high cost of healthcare  remains a struggle for small businesses, many of whom are facing  lingering hardships from the pandemic as well as inflation.   In fact, a recent survey from the NFIB showed that while employers by  and large believe offering health benefits is important, 98 percent of  small businesses are concerned that healthcare costs will become  unsustainable within the next 5 to 10 years.   The CHOICE Arrangement Act provides innovative healthcare solutions  to bring down healthcare costs for small businesses.   I am proud that H.R. 3799 includes my legislation to expand  association health plans. AHPs are commonsense solutions that empower  small employers and their employees when making health coverage  decisions.   Right now, small businesses are often on an unequal playing field  with larger companies and unions. Because they have fewer employees,  small businesses have limited bargaining power when it comes to  negotiating for lower insurance costs for their workers and higher care  coverage.  [[Page H3028]]    By providing small businesses with greater bargaining power, the  Association Health Plans Act allows them to offer more quality options  for workers at a better price.   Madam Chair, the Association Health Plans Act will level the playing  field for small businesses and empower their employees to access  quality healthcare at a lower cost. It also represents an important  step toward purchasing health insurance across State lines.   Today's vote is an immediate first step to help job creators provide  affordable healthcare options to their employees and transition toward  a patient-centered healthcare system that works for Republicans and  Democrats.   Madam Chair, I encourage support of H.R. 3799.   