 Mr. President, as the Members of the Senate know, this  week, we are expected to vote on a series of three appropriations  bills--3 out of the 12 appropriations bills that passed out of the  Senate Appropriations Committee a couple of months ago. With just 2\1/ 2\ weeks left before the end of the fiscal year, time is of the  essence. Unless Congress funds the government in the next 18 days, the  government will shut down.  [[Page S4373]]    Now, you might ask yourself, if these appropriations bills passed out  of the committee with strong bipartisan votes months ago, why are we  waiting until 18 days before the deadline to begin the debate and vote  on these appropriations bills--and not all of the appropriations bills,  just a subset of three.   Well, we know shutdowns do not benefit anybody. I notice on social  media there is a lot of anger out there in Washington, and people say:  Yes, let's shut down the government. That is a good thing. It is too  big. It is too intrusive. It is doing things I don't like.   But, if you think about this for a moment, with a shutdown,  servicemembers--members of our military--will have to work without pay.  Veterans won't get the benefits or services that they have earned.  Mortgages and other loan applications will be delayed. Passport  processing will grind to a halt. Maybe there is even a risk that  Medicare and Social Security payments will not be delivered on time. So  shutdowns are a blunt instrument. I think we have realized that, with a  shutdown, when the government reopens, the same problem is staring you  right in the face, so you might as well deal with it on the front end  rather than on the back end.   From minor inconveniences to major disruptions, the American people  are affected by lapses in government funding. We have learned that  lesson before. The surest way to avoid any funding drama, which is what  we are experiencing now, drama--the surest way to avoid that is to pass  spending bills on time and in a transparent, normal process, something  we call regular order around here. That means using the processes that  are already in place to write, debate, and pass quality legislation.  And it is done in a transparent sort of way, where every Senator--all  100 Senators--can participate. If they have got a better idea, they can  offer an amendment. They can try to persuade colleagues, and they can  get a vote.   Well, at the start of this summer, I was feeling somewhat optimistic  about the government funding process. The day the Senate passed  legislation to lift the debt ceiling and curb government spending,  Leader Schumer and Leader McConnell issued a joint statement about the  funding process. They asked the chair and vice chair of the  Appropriations Committee to get the regular process back on track. They  also pledged to work in a bipartisan fashion to advance funding bills  and noted ``expeditious floor consideration would be key to preventing  automatic funding cuts.''   Well, there is no question our friends on the Appropriations  Committee, led by Senator Murray and Senator Collins, have done their  job. They did. As a matter of fact, I think three of these bills--maybe  the three in front of us--passed with unanimous votes in the  Appropriations Committee, and all of them passed with broad bipartisan  support. The point is the Appropriations Committee passed all 12  regular appropriations bills before the Senate adjourned for the August  recess. To show you how rare that is these days, this is the first time  in 5 years that the Appropriations Committee actually processed all 12  bills.   I want to commend Senator Murray and Senator Collins and the entire  Appropriations Committee, on a bipartisan basis, for doing their job  and for doing it on a timely basis.   Well, thanks to their hard work, the Senate was in a strong position  to advance these appropriations bills on an individual basis or, if  necessary, to combine a few of them in what sometimes are called  minibuses. We were well positioned to do that well in advance of the  September 30 deadline.   As Senator Schumer affirmed in that joint statement earlier this  summer, expeditious floor consideration is key, but his actions don't  match those words. Today, more than 80 days after the Appropriations  Committee passed its first spending bill, the full Senate is  beginning--beginning--to consider the first batch of those bills. This  is 80 days after the first bill passed. That is not what anybody would  call expeditious.   The American people may or may not know it, but the majority leader  has tremendous power. He has near-full ball control in terms of the  Senate's agenda and the timing of legislation. He actually determines  which bills come to the floor, when they receive a vote, and how many  amendments will be considered. The majority leader is in the driver's  seat. Senator Schumer could have called any of these bills up for  consideration, debate, and a vote at any time in the last couple of  months, starting with the first one that was passed 80 days ago.   Senator Schumer has been around here a long time. He is a smart guy.  He is a shrewd operator and a worthy adversary when it comes to  politics, but he knows the Senate can't complete its work in 18 days.  Plus, in addition to the 12 funding bills, we need to pass the farm  bill, the Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization, and the  final version of the National Defense Authorization Act. That is a lot  of work in an impossibly short amount of time. The majority leader  knows that, and he knows, if he actually wanted to keep his commitment  to the Senate, to Senator Collins, and to Senator Murray, that he  should have started this process far earlier than today.   The Senate had a 2-week recess over the Fourth of July, and we had a  5-week recess in August. There has got to be some time in there that we  could have used on something other than routine nominations, whereby  Senator Schumer could have put these bills on the floor, and we could  have kept to his commitment of the expeditious consideration of the  bills. I understand that these recesses are sacrosanct. I am not sure  we needed 5 full weeks for the August recess. Maybe 4 weeks would have  been good but with a little notice so that everybody could plan.   My point is that Senator Schumer, apparently, had no interest in  seeing each of these 12 bills being voted on on the Senate floor before  the deadline. So here we are.   Now, you may ask: Why would Senator Schumer sabotage the regular  order process for the appropriations bills? Well, there are a couple of  reasons. One is that it maximizes his power because he knows, once you  get down to the deadline, that four or five people are the ones who are  going to basically figure out how to get out of this box canyon.   Meanwhile, the rest of the Members of the Senate, all 98 or so of us,  are left with no options. We can't engage on behalf of our  constituents. We can't cut what needs to be cut. We can't prioritize  the spending. We can't offer amendments. We can't vote. All of that  goes down the drain when the majority leader sabotages the timing of  this appropriations process.   Senator Schumer waited 18 days before a potential government shutdown  before putting the first funding bill on the floor. Now, if there is a  shutdown, and I don't recommend it, it was engineered by the majority  leader himself, which is why it should be called a Schumer shutdown.   I hope that doesn't happen, but he knows that the House is in a  different place than the Senate in terms of the spending levels. He  knows that Speaker McCarthy has a razor-thin majority. He knows the  politics of what is happening in the House. He has already been quick  to blame the House for a potential shutdown. But, as I have explained  here, any potential shutdown is Senator Schumer's own making.   The press has already taken hook, line, and sinker the narrative that  this is somehow the fault of Republicans in the House.   While the majority leader is quick to say the Senate passed 12  bipartisan appropriations bills through the committee, we are engaging  in a bipartisan process this week, maybe next week. Well, he knows we  can't get through this process between now and the end of this month.  So he knows that basically what he has engineered is one of two  options: He has either engineered a shutdown, or he has engineered a  continuing resolution, which essentially means postponing or continuing  the funding at current levels to some future date. Of course, that is  going to have to be negotiated, what that date looks like.   This is not a genuine effort to return to regular order. It is,  frankly, political theater. It is an attempt to make good on the  promise to return to regular order without actually doing it.   I have been fortunate to have been in the Senate for some time now. I  have seen this place work well, where every Senator gets to contribute  to the process, where the committees do their  [[Page S4374]]  work, where the majority leader gives the Members of the Senate an  adequate time to debate bills and to vote on amendments and to pass  legislation. When you do that, it is much easier to build consensus,  bipartisan consensus, to actually get things done, and the work product  is far superior because everybody has had a hand in crafting it.   Every Member of this Chamber--and by extension, all 330 billion of  our constituents--deserves a say in this legislation. Regardless of  where they are from, which committees they sit on, or how long they  have been in the Senate, all 100 Senators should have a voice in this  process.   The majority leader has squandered valuable time that could have been  spent debating, amending, and passing appropriations bills on a timely  basis. That is why everyone knows that a continuing resolution is the  probable outcome of this disaster.   It did not have to be this way. And if there is a shutdown, which I  hope there is not for the reasons I have tried to explain, I think it  should be called the Schumer shutdown.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   