 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 346,  the NOTAM Improvement Act of 2023.   The FAA's Notice to Air System, NOTAM, which sends real-time alerts  to pilots about safety conditions, experienced an outage with  consequences so far-reaching that it led to nearly more than 10,000  flight delays and more than 1,300 flight cancellations.   Even though the cause of the outage bore no connection to a  cyberattack, the breakdown in NOTAM alerts, nonetheless, raises  concerns about the cyber vulnerabilities of the antiquated systems that  underlie modern air travel.   At a time when cyberattacks are rising in both scope and  sophistication, modernizing the cybersecurity of air travel must be a  priority for the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, 20th century air  systems will no longer suffice in a world of 21st century cyber  challenges.   That is why I wrote a letter calling upon both CISA and DOT to  conduct a joint review of the cyber vulnerabilities of all aviation  systems, including NOTAM. That is why I will proudly vote for  bipartisan legislation requiring the FAA to establish a task force on  NOTAM improvement.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the  resolution.   Iran is the leading aggressor in the Middle East, the leading state  sponsor of terrorism in the world, and a longstanding oppressor of its  own people.   The Iranian regime, which has repressed far too many for far too  long, has been shaken to the core by a revolution led by powerful  women. The women in Iran who are risking their lives in confronting a  monstrous and murderous regime are among the most courageous freedom  fighters in the world.   The United States must stand unequivocally with our Iranian sisters  in their fearless fight for freedom.  [[Page H311]]    On September 13, 2021, Mahsa Amini was brutally beaten to death by  Iran's Orwellian morality police merely for not wearing a head  covering. Out of the tragedy of Mahsa's murder came a spontaneous  groundswell of thousands of Iranian women rising up for their freedom,  some removing their head coverings and cutting their hair as a poignant  form of protest.   The revolution reminds us that the future of Iran does not belong to  a regime whose malevolence and obsolescence have become too glaring to  ignore.   Iran's future belongs to its people led by its fearless formidable  female freedom fighters. The vision of a free and democratic Iran is an  unrealized dream whose time has come and whose realization is long  overdue.   