 Mr. President, I am grateful to follow my friend--and  he is a friend--the Senator from Kansas, who stated very eloquently a  number of challenges that lie ahead and the reasons we do have to come  together on a bipartisan basis to make America and the world more  secure.   Like him, I found last week to be both frustrating and discouraging,  but I have been heartened, first, by the overwhelming bipartisan votes  in this Chamber in favor of aid to Ukraine--in fact, in support of a  bipartisan compromise that included aid to Ukraine and provided a  temporary extension of funding, which eventually became the core of the  measure adopted by the House.   I have been encouraged as well by the leadership of Senator Schumer  and Senator McConnell in coming together with Senator Collins and  Senator Murray to say that we will fulfill our obligation to Ukraine  and that we will do it promptly.   That is why I am on the floor of the Senate right now--to emphasize  the urgency of making sure that we provide Ukraine with the tools, the  financial support, the humanitarian assistance, and the arms that it  needs to win. And it can win. It is making solid, steady progress. I  have seen the maps. I have visited Ukraine four times in the last 18  months. Ukraine can win, and it will win if we provide Ukraine with the  tools it needs, but it must be done now.   We owe it to the men and women who are in those trenches right now,  bleeding and dying, and who are watching America.   We owe it to the leadership of Ukraine, President Zelenskyy, who has  asked me on each of those four visits: Will the United States stay by  our side? And I have assured him that, yes, we will be solid.   We owe it to our allies who are also watching--our allies and our  adversaries. And, make no mistake, the Chinese have changed their view  of whether they can count on the United States to fail and falter,  because, so far, we have stood strong, sending a message to China about  what we would do if China invades Taiwan.   The world is watching, and history is watching.   To my colleagues, there are few, if any, votes you will take or  actions by which you will be measured more intently and importantly  than what we do right now--not months away but days away--on what we  must do in the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative.   I urge the administration to take whatever action is necessary-- again, not just in statements, not just in words, but in deeds.   Ukraine is waiting for the longer range artillery, the ATACMS, that  it needs to pound targets where the Russians gather intelligence, where  they store supplies, where they conduct their leadership. Those ATACMS  are necessary--not just the HIMARS but the longer range artillery. We  need to train the pilots. That can be done under existing authority and  financial support. They need to provide munitions--we are producing  more, but Ukraine continues to use them at a rate of roughly 10 times  or 15 what we are providing; drones, which have become the new fulcrum  of the battlefield not only to gather intelligence but to deliver the  kind of ordnance that we need to provide.   These actions by the administration can be done with existing  funding. But the fact of the matter is that, as of this week or just  days afterward, the Pentagon may well run out of funding for new  weapons platforms. Without an immediate replenishment, it cannot, over  the longer term, provide Ukraine with critical systems, like the air  defense platforms, that Ukraine needs to protect its civilians as well  as its military targets. Winter is approaching, and Russia will  continue to bombard its infrastructure unless it has that air defense.  Those systems, the hospitals, the schools, the grid for electricity are  now supremely susceptible to that kind of air bombardment.    We know Patriot air defense works. I have seen it myself in the midst  of air raids on Kyiv, where I went to the bunker and Kyiv's air defense  successfully fended off those missiles and drones that were coming  after it.   We know the urgency of those ATACMS. We have heard it from the  Ukrainians. We have heard it from our own military about how important  they can be. I urge the administration to provide that longer range  artillery as soon as it can do so.   But we have a larger task ahead of us. The supplemental at $24  billion is a necessary start right now. We can take advantage of the  bipartisan agreement that we have expressed in this Chamber and in the  House to make it happen, to move quickly and promptly.   I recognize there is turmoil in the House of Representatives. I am  clear-eyed about the possibility of growing fatigue among the American  people. But it is on us in the U.S. Senate. It is on us as leaders to  make the case and convince America that it is on us and in our interest  because if we fail now to make this investment, the costs will be far  greater when Putin wins.   We will have the need not just to provide weapons platforms but  troops on the ground because that will be our treaty obligation if  Putin then goes against Romania, Poland, Moldova, Finland, and Sweden.  He will pick one of them.   We know he will be on the march if he wins in Ukraine, and we will  have proved him right about our faltering and failing. It will  encourage not only him but also China, and we will have a far greater  cost. It is our national security on the line. Ukrainians are fighting  for our future, not just theirs; for our independence and freedom, not  just their own.  [[Page S4912]]    We have a national security interest in this fight, and we need to  make the American people understand it.   Sometimes history is personal. Sometimes it is shaped by a leader who  has the courage and strength to step forward and put his life on the  line. That is what Volodymyr Zelenskyy has done. He has inspired the  people of Ukraine and the people around the world by staying in Ukraine  and providing that leadership that is so important.   I once asked him how he thought it would end. He said: In the end, it  will be fine. And if it is not fine, it is not the end. They are  determined, as he told me, to fight with pitch forks, if necessary. But  we can't let them fight with pitch forks. We need to give them what  they need to be successful and to vindicate the losses they have  suffered.   I have seen them in Bucha, the mass grave sites, where women and  children had hands tied behind their backs, shot in the head, hundreds  of them--a repeat of Stalin and Hitler in their killing of innocent  people in exactly those ``bloodlands,'' as Professor Snyder has called  them.   We have all seen images of cities leveled, literally destroyed, not  just Bakhmut but Mariupol. We have heard about children kidnapped from  areas that Russia has occupied. I have talked to the prosecutor general  about those thousands of children--literally thousands--taken from  their parents, supposedly orphans, but their parents were still alive  and parents taken away from children to Belarus.   There is a reason why the International Court of Criminal Justice has  issued a warrant for the arrest of Vladimir Putin and why he would be  judged a war criminal if he ever were brought to trial--because he has  committed atrocities that have no match in recent history for their  scale and scope and their brutality.   We are dealing with someone who has no respect for human life--either  Ukrainian life or Russian life--because he will continue to send his  people into the maw like cannon fire.   In the face of that evil, the Ukrainians are determined. But we need  to match their courage and strength with the resources that they need  and with the arms that they need.   Sometimes history is personal in what it means to us. My own dad left  Germany in 1935. He came to this country at the age of 17. He spoke  virtually no English. He had not much more than the shirt on his back.  He knew no one. He left Germany alone at the age of 17 because he saw  what was coming. He succeeded in bringing over his parents and his  siblings and lost the rest of his family to the kind of brutality and  atrocity that we are witnessing right now at the hands of Vladimir  Putin.   History doesn't repeat, but it often rhymes. Evil often does repeat,  even if it is not by the same people against the same people. What we  are seeing now is evil. There are very few places in the world or  conflicts or circumstances where there is, in fact, no gray area--black  and white, good and evil.   The world is watching now to see how we will keep faith: keep faith  with our allies that have invested along with us at our side, keep  faith with the people of Ukraine, and maybe most important, keep faith  with ourselves and with our values.   We are being watched not just by the world but by history. And our  values and our self-image, our ability to look ourselves in the mirror  and say, ``Yes, we did our job,'' is now what is at stake.   History will remember us either as paragons of liberty or ineffectual  bystanders.   We can't wait for 45 days. We need a supplemental now. The men and  women in the trenches of Ukraine can't wait 45 days for bullets and  bandages. The people in Kyiv facing this winter without, potentially,  food and electricity can't wait 45 days to know that we will stand by  them. They are fighting for their future, for the dreams of  independence and democracy.   We are the most powerful, wealthiest, and the greatest Nation in the  world not simply because of the example of our power but the power of  our example.    There are a lot of folks--and I was one of them--who are discouraged  and frustrated, as I said right at the start, about the ability of our  democracy to work, given what we went through over these past days. But  we can show our values and our democracy at its best if we help the  Ukrainians at this moment of unparalleled crisis for them.   If we delay and falter, we lose time, and the loss of time and delay  essentially means defeat.   I urge my colleagues to join me to find a way forward, a path to vote  as soon as possible to make that aid available to Ukraine. It is our  obligation and our opportunity, at this critical moment in our history,  when the world is watching and when others, long from now, will look  back and watch what we did or failed to do.   I yield the floor.   