 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, for someone who campaigned as a  moderate and promised to unify our country, President Biden has chosen  to staff his administration with a roster--a roster--of alarmingly  radical or unqualified personnel.   In recent weeks, the President's nominees who have made the biggest  headlines have been the ones so far outside the mainstream that even a  Democratic Senate majority would not confirm them, like the appeals  court nominee who defended a school against a teenage victim of sexual  assault or the traffic safety nominee whose real passion turned out to  be extreme environmental regulations. This week, the Senate is  considering yet another slate of radical nominations that are entirely  unworthy of confirmation.   First, is the nomination of David Crane, a self-described ``climate  activist.'' President Biden would like him to serve as Undersecretary  for Infrastructure at the Department of Energy.   Mr. Crane's nomination is bad news for Kentucky, for coal country,  and for any American who enjoys making their own choices about which  cars to drive, which products to consume, and how to earn a living.   This nominee has been outspoken about his so-called ``green dream''  to force a massive chunk of the world's economy to go carbon free in 8  years--8 years--and then use their influence to ``compel society'' to  follow suit.   He even observed that Democratic Presidential nominees hadn't made  extreme climate policy enough of a priority in their campaigns. In  other words, Hillary Clinton, who once bragged that ``we're going to  put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business,'' was not  radical enough--not radical enough--for David Crane. So we are talking  about an unabashed, top-down social planner. As we have learned over  the past 2 years, that is exactly what the Biden administration ordered  when it handed the keys to the American energy policy to the radical  left.   Unfortunately, Mr. Crane is not the only nominee on this week's  agenda with a reputation for wearing his radical liberal sympathies on  his sleeve. The Senate will also vote on the nomination of David Ho to  serve on the Federal bench in the Southern District of New York.   Mr. Ho has described himself--listen to this--as a ``wild-eyed  leftist.'' Let me say that again. President Biden would like a self- identified ``wild-eyed leftist'' to rule on cases in the largest  Federal court in the country.   Mr. Ho's legal record indicates that this radical sympathy runs very  deep. This is a nominee who has publicly lamented ``originalism is not  a method of constitutional interpretation that can reliably lend itself  to progressive outcomes.'' Imagine that. It turns out that actually  following and applying our laws and our Constitution as they were  written is not a one-way ticket to leftwing utopia.   And, by the way, that should be an argument for the radical left  sidelining their bad ideas, not an argument for sidelining the  Constitution. Somebody who wants a lifetime appointment as an impartial  judge must be committed to putting the rule of law ahead of personal  views, not the other way around.   Ah, but Mr. Ho hasn't limited his public criticism to the basic legal  principles that underpin the Federal judiciary. During the Obama  administration, he railed against the Fraternal Order of Police for  expressing their concerns about a particularly anti-cop Justice  Department nominee. He called the FOP's opposition a ``disgrace.''   He has also taken to attacking members of the Judiciary Committee on  Twitter. And throughout his career, Mr. Ho has been outspoken-- outspoken--in denigrating basic mainstream efforts to ensure the  integrity of American elections. He has likened overwhelmingly popular  practices like voter ID requirements to be ``a very thinly veiled call  for racial profiling.''   Let me be absolutely clear: Senate Republicans will not participate  in rubberstamping radical nominees. I would urge our colleagues to join  me in rejecting each of these unfit nominations this week.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   