 Mr. Chair, I can't even believe we are at this moment  where the administration wants to take your gas stove--not take your  gas stove but limit what you can purchase in the future.   I rise in support of H.R. 1640, the Save Our Gas Stoves Act.   It is no secret this administration has waged war on American energy.  From day one, President Biden has waged war on American energy, doing  everything possible to phase out the use of all fossil fuels, including  American-produced oil and clean-burning, American-produced natural gas.   Now, they are taking it a step further. They are dictating what  appliances Americans can purchase for their homes.   In February, the Department of Energy announced a new proposal that  would ban most natural-gas-fueled stoves on the market today. According  to DOE's evaluation, only 4 percent of the gas stove cooking tops  tested would meet DOE's proposed standard. DOE's proposed regulation  would render gas stoves almost completely unavailable to the American  consumer.   The average annual savings under the proposed rule would be only  about $1 over the average lifetime of the appliance--$1 a year. We are  debating a proposed rule that would save Americans, on average, $1 a  year over the life of the appliance?   Mr. Chair, we have a lot more to do in this United States Congress  than debating a proposed rule that will limit Americans' choices for  appliances that would only save them $1 a year.   This clearly does not achieve the significant savings of energy as  the law, the Energy Policy and Conservation Act, requires.   So, what is this all about? I will tell you what it is about, Mr.  Chair. The Democrats and this administration hate fossil fuels, and  they want to diminish Americans' standard of living.   This rule is illegal, and it should be withdrawn. It is not a sincere  effort to improve efficiency but rather a part of the whole-of- government approach to target energy sources they ideologically oppose.   H.R. 1640, the Save Our Gas Stoves Act, which we are debating today,  would prohibit the Secretary of Energy from finalizing, implementing,  or enforcing the recently proposed rule. It would also prohibit the  Department of Energy from reissuing a rule that bans the use of natural  gas.   Their goal is to end natural gas in this country. Natural gas is what  got us down to the carbon emissions levels that we have achieved. If  you want to approach it from the climate change standpoint, the carbon  emissions standpoint has been because of natural gas.   It would also prohibit the Department of Energy from reissuing a  rule. It would clarify that DOE does not have the authority to remove  cooking products from the market simply because of the fuel product  that the appliance consumes.   I am a proud cosponsor of this bipartisan legislation, and I thank  Congresswoman Lesko for her leadership on this and for introducing this  bill.   Americans should be free to choose the cooking products they use in  their homes and their businesses, and this bill ensures that.  Households that use  [[Page H2858]]  natural gas for heating, cooking, and clothes drying save an average of  $1,068 per year compared to homes that use electricity for those  appliances.   The rush to green and mass electrification efforts pursued by the  Biden administration are costing Americans and making everyday life  more expensive, all for $1 per year savings.   It is gas stoves today. It will be gas furnaces tomorrow. They are  already talking about gas hot water heaters and then dryers. They are  coming after your natural gas appliances because they hate natural gas.   The bottom line is that, on day one, President Biden said that we are  going to end the use of fossil fuels. He wanted to ban fracking,  offshore production, and onshore production.   That is the real reason we are debating this. It is not about the  appliance. It is about the war on energy and American-produced energy.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation that  is in front of us today which prioritizes American energy affordability  and reliability and that puts the American people first and gives them  choices.   Let the market determine which choice they can have, and let the  consumer choose which one best meets their needs for their family, for  their households, and for their businesses as they look at the bottom  line in their budgets because the intention of the proposed rule only  saves American families $1 a year. Give me a break.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1640.   