 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment, which  states: None of the funds made available by this act may be used to  conduct a competitive analysis when evaluating mergers.   Beginning January 1, 1989, Congress vested primary authority to  review airline mergers with the U.S. Department of Justice. Since that  time, the Department of Transportation has deferred to DOJ to determine  whether a merger between U.S. airlines should be challenged on  competition grounds.   The Department of Transportation's general counsel under President  Obama described the DOT's role in airline mergers as follows: ``With  respect to DOT's competition and public interest review authorities,  DOT's practice has been to use its expertise with respect to the  airline industry to provide the Department's views and otherwise assist  the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) in DOJ's analysis of airline  mergers or acquisitions.''   The Department of Justice recently challenged an airline merger. This  amendment doesn't have anything to do with that court case. In fact, it  is well within DOJ's rights and authority to challenge mergers, but  what concerns me is that the DOT's Secretary, Pete Buttigieg, expressed  publicly that his Department has ``generally not gotten involved in  these merger cases, but that is changing today.''   Between 2009 and 2016, under the Obama administration, there were  nine successful airline mergers. In fact, in over 30 years, the DOT has  not prevented the transfer of operating certificates for any airline  merger. This begs the question: Why now?   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Correa), my friend across the aisle, the ranking member  of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Administrative State, Regulatory  Reform, and Antitrust.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida  (Mr. Rutherford), my colleague.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, as a member of the Transportation Committee, I  had the honor to question Secretary Buttigieg on whether he had this  authority and what metrics he would use to exercise this authority.   It was obvious that they don't have any experience in the DOT to  review these mergers because they haven't done it. It is for that  reason that I urge adoption of this amendment. We don't need redundancy  among the Departments. We need an all-of-government approach, and that  is what this amendment seeks to do.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this bipartisan amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which  states: ``None of the funds made available by this act may be used to  implement section 24220 of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs  Act.''   My amendment is simple. It will defund the Federal mandate that  requires all new vehicles after 2026 be equipped with a kill switch  that can disable a vehicle if the vehicle has monitored the driver's  performance and the vehicle determines that the driver is not  performing well.   It is so incredible that I have to offer this amendment. It almost  sounds like the domain of science fiction, dystopian science fiction,  that the Federal Government would put a kill switch in vehicles that  would be the judge, the jury, and the executioner on such a fundamental  right as the right to travel freely, but here we are.   It is Federal law that this is mandated, and so I am offering this  amendment to defund this mandate.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, drunk driving is a serious problem. That is  why 31 States already have a law to implement interlock ignition  technology where if you have been convicted of a DUI that you have to  pass this test in order to operate your vehicle. This Federal law that  I seek to defund goes far beyond that, and I regret that I have to  spend some of my time reading the law to the other side of the aisle,  but I will do that.   This law that was passed in a 1,000-page bill 2 years ago requires  that automobiles can passively monitor the performance of a driver--not  the blood alcohol content, but the performance of a driver of a motor  vehicle--to accurately identify whether that driver may be impaired-- not drunk; it says impaired--and prevent or limit motor vehicle  operation. That is a kill switch.   Now, the question is how much time do you have once your dashboard  tells you that it doesn't approve of your driving? What if you are a  single mother and you're out in bad weather and you're trying to avoid  some obstacles, ice perhaps, and you have swerved three times and your  dashboard says swerve one more time and you are going to be put over to  the side of the road, that you will have 100 yards to park this vehicle  in the middle of nowhere with your children in the back seat?   This isn't some fantastical scenario. This is what will happen if  this is implemented. This is the law. I have read it to you here.   Now, you maybe should have read it 2 years ago when you all voted for  it on that side of the aisle, but it was in a bill that was 1,039 pages  long. I can understand how you don't know what the law has in it, but I  have read it to you.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have  remaining?    Mr. Chair, we actually don't know how this technology is  going to work. They don't know over at the DOT either, because we have  sent a letter to them, that they haven't responded to yet, asking them:  Will this have cameras inside the car? Will it monitor your eyes to see  if you are focused on the road? Will it have cameras on the outside of  the car?   How will it know what your performance is relative to the road that  you are driving on, if it doesn't, in fact, know which road you are  driving on? Will it need to know where you are when you are driving? If  so, who has access to this data? Who has access to those cameras?   Will the Fourth Amendment be followed? Will you require a warrant for  your insurance company to access this data? Will you require a warrant  for the government to access this data? Once your car has been disabled  and now you are on the side of the road with your children in it, for  reasons you don't understand, how long until the police show up? What  if you truly are disabled and you are over to the side of the road,  does anybody show up?    How long do you have to get out of the vehicle? Who decides when your  vehicle kill switch is disabled and you get to drive again? Who is  going to adjudicate that on the side of the road? What if it is rush- hour traffic? What if you know you have already got points against you,  according to your dashboard, and it has monitored your performance and  now somebody's pet is in the road? Do you swerve to miss it and get  your car disabled?   What if there is an emergency vehicle approaching from behind you and  you know the right thing is to swerve off the road and let that vehicle  pass? What if after you have done that three times and now your car  says do it one more time and we are going to leave you on the side of  the road?   This is in the law. This will become law in 2026, every vehicle  manufactured after that. It is not about drunk driving. If it were, it  would just be about blood alcohol content.   This law has far more than that in it. It violates the Fourth  Amendment. It violates so many amendments. It violates things that are  so fundamental to our rights that they are not even in the  Constitution, like the right to travel.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of this amendment. It will defund the law  that was passed 2 years ago that the other side of the aisle doesn't  even know exists.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   