 Mr. Chair, let me start by saying, I commend Chairman  Graves, Ranking Member Larsen, and Ranking Member Cohen on a very  successful bipartisan FAA reauthorization bill.   One of the issues that I feel very adamant about is addressing the  pilot shortage, which is crippling the air industry. According to the  Bureau of  [[Page H3817]]  Labor Statistics, it is projected that 14,500 pilots will be needed  every year through the year 2030. Some other outlets have estimated the  number to be even higher.   For this reason, I am proud to cosponsor the Pre-Pilot Pathway Act by  my friend Byron Donalds. This commonsense amendment requires the  Secretary of Transportation to establish a voluntary apprenticeship  program at Part 141 flight schools around the country.   More importantly, this program incentivizes retired pilots, those who  are often the most experienced--the guys with the gray hair around the  temple--to remain involved in the industry and train the next  generation of pilots.   Mr. Chair, I support the amendment, and I urge adoption as one of the  critical ways to support our pilots and alleviate the pilot shortage.    Mr. Chair, every person should have an opportunity to view  and experience our amazing national parks, whether it is Mount  Rushmore, whether it is select areas in Hawaii, or whether it is the  Grand Canyon.   I can't remember the last time somebody in this room or anybody has  ever tried to walk it, if you have ever tried to walk it. I bet you  there are people up in this gallery who have been to Las Vegas before,  and they see these beautiful helicopters that give you an opportunity  to view the beautiful Grand Canyon, that big hole in the ground. You  can do it, and you can do it safely and effectively through a  helicopter.   The ranking member just mentioned that it supports the privileged  few. I would argue that for the disabled and elderly, how else are they  going to get there? That is not the privileged few. It is right for  grandma and grandpa that may want to go and view the Grand Canyon or  Mount Rushmore. It makes no sense what we are trying to do here.   Air tours are often the only way that disabled and elderly are  allowed to see our national parks. It is regulated by the FAA, and  these operators have a great safety record.    Unfortunately, the Biden administration is attempting to limit the  number of air tours at a number of our national parks, all at the  request--go figure, no surprise--all at the request of certain  environmental stakeholders. This is irresponsible. It is un-American.   Also, air tour operators oftentimes, in the off-season--don't forget  what they do in the off-season--partner with Federal, State, and local  governments to help fight wildfires.   They are great Americans. We need to continue to support them. I ask  my colleagues to support Representative Gosar's amendment.   