 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, for the second time in four seasons, the  Kansas City Chiefs are the Super Bowl champions. Head Coach Andy Reid,  Patrick Mahomes, and Travis Kelce cemented their Hall of Fame careers  with another incredible season and Super Bowl LVII victory.   I want to acknowledge Chiefs owner Clark Hunt and Chiefs president  Mark Donovan for running an exceptional organization and building the  foundation for this remarkable team.   Chiefs Kingdom, ranging from Kansas to Missouri--and sometimes it is  one of the few things that Kansans and Missourians agree on, or at  least we pretend to agree on or disagree on other things. Chiefs  Kingdom, ranging from  [[Page S437]]  Kansas to Missouri and all across the Midwest, has the best fans in the  NFL, and I look forward to the fan base growing even bigger as the  Chiefs continue their dynasty for many years to come.   I congratulate Kathy Nelson with the Kansas City Sports Commission  and Kansas City Mayor Quinton Lucas on a successful Super Bowl Parade  that had an estimated 1 million people from Kansas and Missouri in  attendance.   Congratulations also to the training and medical staff from the  University of Kansas Health System for getting the Chiefs players  healthy and ready to win Super Bowl LVII.   Kansas City will, again, be in the spotlight soon as we host the NFL  draft this April.   I look forward to showcasing what Kansas and Kansas City has to offer  as we continue to grow our region.   Congratulations to the entire Kansas City Chiefs organization.   I yield to my colleague and friend, the senior Senator from Missouri.    I thank my colleague from Missouri.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to consideration of S. Res. 71, which is at the  desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.   