 Mr. Chairman, moving the National Defense Authorization  Act forward has almost always been a bipartisan effort. This very bill,  as originally drafted, passed out of committee with near unanimous  votes from both Democrats and Republicans, 59-1.   That is why it is unconscionable that extremist politicians are  willing to jeopardize our military readiness and our national security  to push their unpopular partisan agenda.   In the dead of night, extreme lawmakers tacked on divisive, dangerous  amendments, including one that would prevent servicewomen from  accessing critical abortion care.   More than 400,000 women serve in Active Duty and in the Reserves. At  great personal sacrifice, these servicewomen have sworn an oath to  defend the United States and to live, train, and work at assigned duty  stations often far from home.   Almost immediately after Roe was overturned last summer, States  around the country began enacting draconian abortion bans and  restrictions. Today, nearly half of the servicewomen no longer have  access to abortion care, and many live hundreds of miles from the  nearest provider.   Access to abortion should not depend on where someone lives or where  they are stationed.   Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin rightly noted that the Dobbs decision  would ``interfere with the U.S. military's ability to recruit, retain,  and maintain the readiness of a highly qualified force,'' and announced  earlier this year that the DOD would cover travel and lodging expenses  for servicewomen and military family members forced to travel for  healthcare.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle would see that this  policy is overturned.   Mr. Chair, I have voted for the NDAA every year that I have served in  Congress, but I cannot in good conscience vote for this legislation in  its current form. We must provide for our national defense.   This bill will egregiously harm nearly one-fifth of this country's  fighting force. I will not turn my back on our servicewomen and  military families.   