 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support my bill that will help combat severe wildfires and save lives.  My home State of California has become all too familiar with  devastating wildfires.   In 2022, just over 20,000 wildfires burned approximately 5.8 million  acres across the Western United States. These numbers represent  people's homes, businesses, and livelihoods that have been destroyed or  tragically lost.   In my district, we deal with prolonged exposure to wildfire smoke,  which settles in the central valley and results in some of the Nation's  worst air quality.   As these wildfires become more aggressive, we need to take concrete  steps to combat wildfires, while also focusing on improving the long- term management of our forests.   The bill we are considering today will help deploy new technologies  to combat widespread damage these fires cause to our communities, our  health, and our environment.   The Wildfire Fighting Technology Act would dramatically increase the  number of airlift assets available in wildfire emergencies. We should  be using every tool available to fight these fires.   Containerized Aerial Firefighting Systems, or CAFFS, are airdrop- capable disposable containers for water or fire retardant, which can be  dropped from much higher altitudes with less visibility.   Current aerial firefighting operations depend on single-mission  aircraft, but CAFFS can be used by any standard cargo plane. The use of  CAFFS provides more coverage for firefighters on the ground and allows  teams to quickly respond to prevent smaller fires from becoming  uncontrollable.   These systems are being used in other countries, but not here in the  U.S. We have the technology that we can and should use to stop the  devastation of these fires.   The dangers and long-term impacts of wildfires are clear.  [[Page H4255]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support the passage of the  Emergency Wildfire Fighting Technology Act to combat and contain these  fires in a quicker and more efficient way.   