 Mr. Speaker, just to reiterate what we have heard  today: House Republicans know that border security is national  security, which is why tackling this crisis truly is crucial to  fulfilling our promise to the American people and to deliver them a  nation that is safe.   Since President Biden took office, there have been over 5 million  illegal crossings over our southern border, and more than 1.3 million  people have evaded apprehension. At the same time, Mr. Speaker,  fentanyl is pouring over our southwest border and into my communities,  into your communities, killing Americans at catastrophic rates.   On May 11, title 42 is set to expire, which is only going to  exacerbate the current border crisis. The President and our Democratic  colleagues have offered no long-term solution. While H.R. 2 does much  to strengthen the border, it also fails to address an issue critical to  our Nation's farmers--reliable access to agricultural workers.   We need essential reform to our immigration, asylum, and workforce  laws, issues that I and many others have been working on relentlessly  since being here in Congress. The United States is blessed with fertile  lands and a climate conducive to agricultural productivity. However,  without an adequate workforce, our farmers and our ranchers struggle to  harvest and tend to their crops. This poses a direct threat to our  Nation's food security, our national security, and our economic  prosperity.   Mandating E-Verify would have a devastating impact on the American  agricultural industry, including processing of agricultural products if  it were to be enacted without reforms to our agricultural labor system.  They must go hand in hand.    Mr. Speaker, just to finish, the current status quo is  not working for our farmers, and we must address this crisis. We cannot  mandate E-Verify without stabilizing our existing agricultural  workforce: Removal of the seasonality requirement from H-2A  agricultural visa programs and wage reform that makes H-2A wages and  benefits more market based.   With the amended legislative language, I support H.R. 2 but seek a  commitment from leadership and my colleagues that we continue the  important work on true bipartisan legislation that will resolve the  workforce needs in our industry.    Mr. Speaker, House Republicans know that border  security is national security, which is why tackling this crisis is  crucial to fulfilling our promise to the American people and delivering  a nation that's safe.   Since President Biden took office, there have been over 5 million  illegal crossings over our southern border and more than 1.3 million  people have evaded apprehension.   At the same time, fentanyl is pouring over the Southwest border and  into our communities, killing Americans at catastrophic rates.   On May 11th, Title 42 is set to expire, which is only going to  exacerbate the current border crisis.   President Biden and our Democratic colleagues have offered no long- term solution.   While H.R. 2 does much to strengthen the border, it fails to address  an issue critical to America's farmers--reliable access to agricultural  workers. We need essential reform to our immigration, asylum, and  workforce laws--issues I have been relentlessly working on since coming  to Congress.   The United States is blessed with fertile lands and a climate  conducive to agricultural productivity. However, without an adequate  workforce, our farmers and ranchers struggle to harvest and tend to  their crops. This poses a direct threat to our nation's food security,  national security, and economic prosperity.   Mandating E-Verify would have a devastating impact on American  agriculture, including processing of agricultural products, if it were  to be enacted without reforms to our agricultural labor system. They  must go hand in hand. The current status quo is not working for our  farmers, and we must address this crisis.   We cannot mandate E-Verify without stabilizing our existing  agricultural workforce, removal of the seasonality requirement from the  H-2A agricultural visa program, and wage reform that makes H-2A wages  and benefits more market-based.   With the amended legislative language, I support H.R. 2 but seek a  commitment from leadership and my colleagues that we continue the  important work on true bipartisan legislation that will resolve the  workforce needs in our industry.   Thank you, Mr. Leader. We need real reforms that will ensure our  farmers and ranchers have the workforce they need to feed our country  and ensure our food security and economic prosperity.   