 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R.  382, and I urge my colleagues to support my motion to recommit which  would prohibit this legislation from going into effect if it will  negatively impact Medicare beneficiaries.   Speaker McCarthy has publicly stated that cuts to Medicare will be  off the table in any debt ceiling negotiations, but that commitment  clearly does not carry over to today's legislation.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 382 would increase patient costs and cut hospital  payments to Medicare beneficiaries.   In its nearly 68 years of existence, Medicare has given millions of  Americans access to affordable healthcare coverage. Generations have  been given peace of mind knowing that they will have comprehensive  available coverage to them as they age, regardless of their financial  status.   In 2021, nearly 64 million Americans, including 4.8 million  Floridians, were enrolled in Medicare. These individuals are Democrats,  Republicans, and everything in between. They are our friends, our  family members, our colleagues, our neighbors, our mentors. We must  ensure that these beneficiaries can continue to rely on the lifesaving  coverage provided through Medicare.   The President has announced his intention to end the public health  emergency on May 11, providing a glide path to smoothly transition out  of the emergency era programs. As Florida's former director of  Emergency Management during the early days of the pandemic, I helped  stand up many of the public health emergency initiatives that provided  Americans with COVID-19 tests, treatments, and vaccines at no charge.  These initiatives offered enhanced social safety net benefits to help  the Nation cope with the pandemic and minimize the impact.   What would an instant cut to the social safety net mean for Medicare  beneficiaries and their families? The American family could face an  abrupt increase in costs and decrease in care. What would this mean for  your local hospital back home?   Hospitals could see a cut of 20 percent for care of COVID patients.  Without a responsible plan in place, millions of patients, including  many veterans and children, would abruptly face increased barriers to  critical hospital care. Rural patients and those with behavioral health  needs would be among the most impacted.   So why are some of my colleagues pushing for this to happen? Because  it is rooted in political messaging, not thoughtful policy.   An instant termination to the public health emergency without proper  coordination with agencies, States, and providers, would interrupt  insurance coverage, access to care, increase patients' out-of-pocket  costs, and threaten provider payments.   I, like many of my Democratic colleagues and millions of Americans,  want to officially end the pandemic and the emergency. As I mentioned,  President Biden has announced his intention to do so while taking the  time necessary to absorb the impacts.   Pushing for an immediate cessation of the emergency initiatives for  messaging purposes could leave millions of Medicare beneficiaries  unexpectedly without access to programs that they are currently on.   Mr. Speaker, it is for those reasons that I submit a motion to  recommit that will prohibit the bill from going into effect if it will  negatively impact Medicare beneficiaries.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to add the text of my amendment  in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.   