 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1435.   This legislation specifically targets the ability of my home State of  California and the ability of 17 other States to set their own auto  emission standards, improve public health, and tackle the climate  crisis.   With this legislation, my Republican colleagues are propping up the  fossil fuel industry at the expense of the environment and pushing  their polluters over people agenda, which endangers the health of the  American people.   Over 100 million people live in counties with unhealthy air  pollution, and air pollution is linked to more than 100,000 premature  deaths in the United States every year. The transportation sector is  the largest contributor to the emission of greenhouse gases, making up  one-third of total pollution.   In the mid-20th century, California was plagued by smog from vehicles  that spewed pollution into the air and caused hazardous health  conditions for residents. With this reality in mind, my State took  action.   California has been a national leader in addressing air pollution  from the transportation sector for decades and has regulated vehicle  emissions for years. In fact, California established the first tailpipe  emission standards in the country in 1966, well before the Federal  Government did.   A year later, then-Governor Reagan approved the Mulford-Carrell Air  Resources Act to create the State Air Resources Board. You heard that  right. Ronald Reagan, a conservative Republican, established a  statewide agency to address air pollution. Clean air protections were  bipartisan for years, with President Nixon signing the Clean Air Act  into law, another Californian, I might add.   The Clean Air Act granted California the ability to receive a waiver  from the Environmental Protection Agency to establish vehicle emission  standards that are more protective and aggressive than those at the  Federal level. With that authority, Governor Reagan's Air Resources  Board adopted the Nation's first nitrogen oxide emission standards for  motor vehicles.   Here is what we have seen in the years since: Ambitious vehicle  emission standards empower the auto industry to produce better, cleaner  cars. They are a win-win-win for consumers, growing our domestic auto  industry, and meeting our climate goals.   For more than five decades, the EPA has granted dozens of waivers to  California, which has enabled my State to cut pollution from as much as  35 parts per million in 1970 to under 9 parts per million in 2018. The  waivers have helped improve conditions for residents and have driven  innovation in the auto industry.   California's ambitious emission standards have led the way for  historic technological breakthroughs, such as the invention of the  catalytic converter, the dashboard check-engine light, and, yes, the  development of zero-emission vehicles.   H.R. 1435 looks to erase decades of progress on tackling air  pollution, advancing technological innovation, and protecting public  health. This bill attacks the Clean Air Act and the longstanding  authority of States to make their own decisions to keep their air clean  and climate pollution low.   Republicans frequently tout States' rights. Why is this case any  different?   This bill would also force the EPA to revoke existing waivers going  back to 2013, causing chaos and confusion for the entire auto industry  and disrupting the transition to electric vehicles that is already  underway across the country.   The regulatory framework that California and its 17 partner States  have in place empowers the auto industry to produce better and cleaner  cars that are cheaper to maintain and provide significant cost savings  for American families.   H.R. 1435's reckless requirement that the EPA revoke existing Clean  Air Act waivers jeopardizes over 50 years of progress and innovation.  Not only would the auto industry suffer, but the American consumer  would lose out on cheaper, cleaner vehicle options today and in the  future.   Let's be clear. The only party that would benefit from this  regulatory uncertainty in vehicle emission standards is the fossil fuel  industry.   Ultimately, H.R. 1435 is not based on science, and it fails to  recognize the effects that our constituents are already feeling from  unmitigated climate change. It fails to acknowledge the public health  consequences of air pollution. For this reason, at the appropriate  time, I will offer a motion to recommit this bill back to committee.   If the House rules permitted, I would have offered the motion with an  important amendment to this bill. My amendment would strike the section  of the bill that requires the EPA Administrator to revoke all existing  waivers, which would throw the U.S. auto industry into chaos and  regulatory uncertainty.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   