 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from North Carolina for  yielding.   Socialism, like the Devil, does not appear with horns and a  pitchfork. He masquerades as an angel of light with promises of human  flourishing, all failed, all broken.   Socialism isn't empty words. It isn't a speech. It is a series of  actions that rob people of their freedom and concentrate power in the  hands of a few in their central government.   I heard my colleague say: Socialism is controlling the means of  production. We are not doing that.   Except there is a whole-of-government assault for all the world to  see on an industry, American energy, and it is being replaced with this  Green New Deal--hundreds of billions of dollars in subsidies, tax  credits, grants.   If that is not control of the means of production, I don't know what  is.   Universal healthcare: We don't want healthcare in the hands of  doctors and patients. We want it in the hands of bureaucrats. We want  government to control healthcare. Masquerading as an angel of light is  this concentration of power.   Socialism is the road to serfdom, and history is littered with the  failed experiment in central planning. Those countries that have taken  that ruinous road have ruined, destroyed, their country and left their  people in despair.   Our Founding Fathers believed fundamentally this: If we limit the  Federal Government's role in our lives, we will unleash the greatest  potential of free people created in the image of God. They were right.   There has never been a greater force for all of humanity than  freedom. Nothing uplifts the human condition, unlocks the human  potential, unleashes the human spirit like freedom.   Freedom has given every generation of Americans the greatest  opportunities, the highest standard of living, the best quality of life  anywhere on the planet and in the history of the world.   In the prescient words of Ronald Reagan, ``Freedom is never more than  one generation away from extinction. . . . It must be fought for,  protected, and handed on for them to do the same.'' God have mercy on  our country.   If you boil it down, Mr. Speaker, I believe our singular mission in  this Chamber, in our Nation's Capitol, is to fight for our country by  preserving and protecting freedom for the next generation of Americans.   If, like my colleagues say, this is just theater, that decrying  socialism and extolling the virtues and value of freedom is theater,  God give us more Shakespeares. God bless America.   