 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.  Res. 90, calling for the immediate release of U.S. Citizen Mark Swidan,  whose wrongful and arbitrary detention by the Chinese Communist  authorities, without ever having had a chance at a fair trial, is  unconscionable.   Just two weeks ago, the PRC Jiangmen Intermediate Court denied Mr.  Swidan's appeal. He remains on death row, with a two-year suspended  death sentence.   Moreover, I and my colleagues are very concerned at the condition in  which Mr. Swidan is being held. He is being denied needed medical care  and is cut off from receiving mail from loved ones in a timely manner.   The United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention has expressed  ``grave concern'' over the severity of Mr. Swidan's sentence, and has  catalogued the step-by-step denial of justice that has accompanied Mr.  Swidan's arbitrary detention: ``it is evident that Mr. Swidan has been  unable to defend himself properly, as he has been subjected to a  detention of extraordinary length, to ill-treatment and to coercion  with the purpose of extracting a confession and as he has received  ineffective legal assistance.''   The Working Group has therefore called for the only just resolution  of this case: ``release Mr. Swidan immediately and accord him an  enforceable right to compensation and other reparations.''   We also must redouble our efforts to release of US citizens Kai Li  and David Lin, who are wrongful detainees, as well as Chinese nationals  who are imprisoned because of their connection to the United States,  such as Ekpar Asat, who was jailed because he participated in the State  Department's International Visitor's Leadership Program, and Gulshan  Abbas, who was interned because of her sister Rushan's intrepid  reporting at Radio Free Asia, and her testimony before Congress and  elsewhere.   At the end of the day these individuals are hostages held by a  hostile regime. Their freedom must be prioritized and raised in all our  State Department's interactions with PRC officials.   Please join me in supporting this resolution, and in calling for Mark  Swidan's immediate release.  [[Page H1929]]    