 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, our Nation's international food assistance  programs are broken. They drive our deficits higher while providing  little to no value to taxpayers and even harming the recipient  countries.   I am grateful for Mr. Harris' manager's amendment that reduced  funding for the destructive so-called Food for Peace program, and I  urge extending the cost cuts to its sister program, McGovern-Dole,  sometimes known as Food for Education.   When we dump free food on developing markets, their domestic farmers  can't compete. I mean, who can compete with free? Their domestic  farmers are forced out of business, and investment in their domestic  agricultural sector dwindles. In fact, we hurt those we seek to assist.   We have known that this problem has existed for years. In 2010,  watching international food aid destroy his country's agricultural  sector, the President of Haiti begged us to stop, to stop sending it.  Further, reflecting on his administration's role in testimony before  the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, President Bill Clinton said:  ``I had to live every day with the consequences of the loss of capacity  to produce a rice crop in Haiti to feed those people.''   Bill Clinton even recognized the mistake. However, we keep making it.  We need to stop impoverishing farmers in countries with developing  agricultural sectors and stop discouraging private investment in those  sectors.   While supporters of the McGovern-Dole program have touted its alleged  role supporting democracy and good governance, a look at the recipient  countries proves that that isn't true. USDA determines a list of  priority countries for McGovern-Dole each year. Let's take a look at  this year's recipients, seven countries.   Nicaragua, which is ruled by Daniel Ortega's thugocracy, throws its  opposition in prison, and that is on a good day. It stands accused of  politically motivated extrajudicial executions and torture and other  human rights abuses.   Then there is Togo, whose President first took power in a military  coup in 2005.   Cameroon's President, coincidentally, won reelection uninterrupted  since coming into power in 1982.   At the time the USDA put Nepal on the priority list, it had a  Communist Party leader.   These are not beacons of democracy or good governance.   Haiti still remains on the priority list; and look at Haiti today.  Decades of aid have failed to produce a reliable government there.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, success? Haiti is a wreck. Nicaragua has  sided with the CCP. They led the charge to expel Taiwan as a permanent  observer, replacing with the butchers of Beijing. Of the seven priority  countries, six of them--including Cameroon, Mozambique, Nepal,  Nicaragua, Sri Lanka, and Togo--voted to support China's imposition of  the oppressive national security law on Hong Kong. The recipient  countries have proven to be anti-American.   Their countries have failed to produce agricultural sectors because  local farmers can't compete with free. This isn't saving people from  hunger. It is destroying the very people we are trying to assist. I  urge Congress to continue to reform its food aid program. Mr. Chairman,  if you want to sow the seeds of freedom, harvest the yield of  democracy, pursuing failed policies is not the answer. I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of my amendment. These  policies are failed. They are not successful. We are hurting the very  countries that we are aiming to support. Let's help these nations, but  this is not the answer.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   