 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama for  putting this Special Order hour together and for the great work he is  doing to represent Alabama.   Mr. Speaker, everyone knows that our government spending is  completely out of control and that Congress has too often prioritized  wants over needs while American families continue to struggle. It needs  to stop now.   House Republicans are prioritizing good governance and are actively  working to put this country back on the path of fiscal responsibility.   We did our job when we passed the Limit, Save, Grow Act weeks ago to  responsibly raise the debt ceiling and, far more importantly, to cut  out-of-control spending and burdensome regulations on American workers,  industries, and the creative industry that this Nation has.   We are fighting for policies that put more money back in the pockets  of hardworking Americans. We want to save the American people money by  cutting funding for woke, weaponized spending and cutting inflationary  spending by $1 trillion in the first year and almost $5 trillion over  the next 10 years.   We want to protect the American people from being the target of  87,000 new agents hired by the IRS.   We want to ensure that the American people have reliable energy.   Just a couple of years ago, we were energy dominant. We do not want  to enter the world where because of the green new delusion that  benefits China, the leftist elite, and big corporations--we do not want  to live in that world where the American people have to wonder if they  have a reliable source of energy.  [[Page H2592]]    We want to guarantee that the American people who either choose not  to attend college--they go into a field of their choosing--and people  who responsibly have paid off their student loans won't be footing the  bill for those who go to elite universities and often take career paths  that don't lead to good jobs or a sustainable future.   What do Biden and the left want? More government, more spending, more  inflation, more corporate subsidies, and less freedom.   We have made it clear that cutting woke, weaponized spending is a  must to govern our Nation responsibly. Our Nation cannot afford it.   There are so many examples. We want to strengthen our border. We want  safe communities. We want to solve the fentanyl crisis.   We just heard a lot of talking from the left that the sky will fall  if we get back to fiscal responsibility. Just today, the U.S. Embassy  in Brazil put out this tweet of a video of our Embassy teaching people  how to say their proper pronouns. That is not the role of the State  Department.   The State Department helps to ensure that we have strong national  security and that we have strong allies, and in the words of one of the  people who responded to it: I identify as a U.S. taxpayer, and I would  like you to stop funding this craziness.   Mr. Speaker, we are focused on getting back to good governance. We  are focused on putting this country back on the path of responsibility.  I urge the administration to come to the table sooner rather than later  to address this debt ceiling and issue the beginning steps of getting  this country back in order.   This is our moment. This country's fiscal future is on the brink, and  the success of the American worker is on the brink. We need to hold the  line.   