 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  6126, which provides security assistance to Israel, supports the  security of our embassy personnel, enables the evacuation of U.S.  citizens, and strengthens the ability of our industrial base to respond  to this crisis.   On October 7, Hamas terrorists carried out a barbaric attack on  Israel that took the lives of more than 1,400 innocent Israelis,  including 32 American citizens.   Mr. Speaker, I stand firmly behind Israel's right to defend itself  and destroy the Hamas terrorist organization. The world would be a  safer place once that organization is eliminated.   Last week, the House of Representatives passed House Resolution 771-- a resolution which I cosponsored--by a vote of 412-0. That resolution  reaffirms the United States' commitment to Israel's security. The bill  we are considering today delivers on that commitment.   This legislation contains $14.3 billion for Israel. As chairman of  the House Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, I  strongly support the bill's robust funding, which includes $4 billion  for the Iron Dome and David's Sling missile defense systems;   $1.2 billion for the Iron Beam defense system, which is a promising  new technology which will, I think, be both helpful to Israel and the  United States;   $800 million for production of 155-millimeter rounds, which we need  to get our supply chain rolling again;   $198 million for the production and development of small-diameter  bombs and precision-guided rockets;   $4.4 billion to replenish the U.S. stocks transferred to Israel, such  as precision-guided and other critical munitions, as well as medical  supplies for Israel's Defense Forces; and   $3.5 billion in Foreign Military Financing program funding for  Israel.   Mr. Speaker, Israel is at war. Hamas continues to launch rockets at  Israel. They still hold hundreds of hostages. Israel must respond to  this unprovoked attack on its people, defend itself, and fight to  prevent future attacks. The United States will stand with them.   Voting for this bill will provide much-needed support and send a  clear  [[Page H5300]]  message to Iran and its proxies that we will defend them.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill.   