 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from California for this  Special Order. I appreciate it very much.   Predictably, the President spent 72 minutes trying to sell us another  bill of goods last night. He is so out of touch with reality that he  thinks Americans are actually buying what he said.   But his time would have been much better spent apologizing to the  country for being one of the weakest, if not the weakest, Commander in  Chief in the history of our country.   From his botched withdrawal from Afghanistan, to his mismanagement of  the economy, to his horrific border crisis, Joe Biden is a President of  failure.   In just 2 years, he has successfully made us less on all fronts, less  profitable, less sustainable, less safe, less prosperous, less free.  His consistent weakness on the world stage has emboldened our  adversaries and sent our allies running. I don't say this lightly.   You don't have to look hard for examples. The Chinese surveillance  balloon that he allowed to fly across country, our entire country, last  week, comes to mind. It took him 4 days to shoot it down and, yet he  wants us to believe that he is being tough on China.   Give me a break.   The world is full of wolves. They know America is being led by a  sheep.   President Biden spoke for over an hour, and yet he failed to thank  our Border Patrol agents, mention border security, or take  responsibility for the thousands of Americans dying from fentanyl that  is being smuggled across our open and erased southern border.   Instead, he called for mass amnesty for millions of illegal aliens.   Nearly 300 Americans die of an overdose every single day. That is  almost as many as our daily casualties during World War II. Think about  that.   But if we are being honest, we all expected nothing more than a  speech that left truth waiting on the sidelines. That is exactly what  we got.   House Republicans have done more to restore and strengthen America in  our first month in power than the Democrats have done in the last 2  years because where the left prioritizes authoritarian-style control,  Republicans believe in the freedom that our forebears fought and died  for.   As Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders so eloquently said last night,  ``America is the greatest country the world has ever known because we  are the freest country that the world has ever known.''   We don't bend to a woke mob pushing insanity or insane policies over  common sense.   Republicans serving in this esteemed Chamber stand united and will be  the hammer that shatters the Democrats' radical agenda. We are  committed to ensuring America is secure and is strong, and is free.  This is a promise that we will keep.   We will not leave you in the lurch. We are fighting for you and the  American Dream that we all love.   