 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment reduces funding for the Consumer  Product Safety Commission, CPSC, to fiscal year 2019 levels, something  that Republicans have made a central piece of any spending arrangements  in this Congress.   Under the Democrats' fiscal year 2023 omnibus, which every Republican  last year voted against, Congress appropriated over $152 million. The  fiscal year 2019 appropriation for CPSC was $127 million, which, when  measured against the proposed appropriation in this bill, represents a  relatively modest $12 million cut.   No one opposes the good intentions behind the CPSC. In fact, this  amendment doesn't gut the agency at all. Everyone here wants to make  sure that our fellow citizens are safe. However, it is fair to say that  the CPSC has certainly gone well beyond basic consumer protection.   Earlier this year, the CPSC indicated that they planned to take  action on banning gas stoves. Obviously, that effort failed, but the  fact that the CPSC even considered taking action on gas stoves--heaven  forbid that the American people feed themselves--is an indication of  just how far this agency has gone off the rails. If an agency can  regulate indoor air, what can't they regulate?   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I agree, and I think we all can agree that  we want to keep consumers safe, but this is a modest $12 million cut to  an agency that has gone beyond its purview.   I live in a rural community. I live back in a valley on top of a  hill, and on occasion we have ice storms, so having a gas stove is  important to me and my family. In rural America, having gas stoves,  propane, is important to America, and yet this agency tried to ban gas  stoves.   Why? Because they are driven by a political agenda far beyond their  mission statement of keeping Americans safe.   This is why we need a modest cut to a rogue agency, to send them a  message to get back on track to do their job and quit pushing the woke  Biden administration's agenda. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I guess that is Common Core math because  attempting to block an increase isn't a cut. We are talking about $12  million off the current appropriations. That is a modest cut.   By the way, the gas stoves, that was attempted through rulemaking. So  my colleague, who I greatly respect, must assume that the American  people are stupid because they attempted to regulate and ban gas  stoves. That is a fact. It can't be disputed. I am appalled that that  was even mentioned, even in passing.   That being said, it should be noted that two Democrat Presidents  reduced the size of this agency's budget--both Carter and Clinton--at a  time when bipartisan support was there for fiscal restraint. That is  what we are asking for. That is what we should do. We should send them  a message that enough is enough.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of my amendment. We are in a crisis in  this country. Our southern border is overrun, spending is out of  control, and agencies have gone woke. This President has failed us. It  is time we get our fiscal house in order.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment prohibits the funds  appropriated by this act from being used to enforce any COVID-19 mask  mandates.   I was fortunate enough to introduce this amendment during both the  Energy and Water as well as the Interior appropriations, and I am happy  to do it again today.   That being said, we are in the post-COVID world. People are educated  on masks and whether or not they want to use them. Instead of imposing  this type of mandate on individuals, let's trust their judgment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Carter), my colleague and friend.    Mr. Chairman, I would point out with mask mandates, that  includes any mask that can be utilized or worn. As to N-95 masks, the  gold standard of masking, it was pointed out in The New York Times  opinion piece by epidemiologist, Tom Jefferson, that masks did not show  as an effective means to blocking the virus.   Mr. Chairman, I ask adoption of this amendment. I ask my colleagues  and my friends from the other side to support my amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment prohibits funds to implement or  enforce the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's rule titled: ``Small  Business Lending Under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act.'' Mr.  Chairman, that is a mouthful.   Mr. Chairman, I would argue the CFPB is unconstitutional and should  not exist. They should not be making this rule. The CFPB's final rule  implementing section 1071 of the Dodd-Frank Act, requires lenders to  report data on small business loan applications, including applications  from minority-owned, women-owned and LGBTQ-owned small businesses. This  is information that is private to them and should have no bearing on  creditworthiness, but rather is an intrusion into their privacy.   There is no reason why the government should be requiring the  collection and disclosure of this information. There is no reason why  money should be allocated to enforce this rule.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I respect and appreciate my colleague's  comments. I would point out that the CFPB, which I would argue, is an  unconstitutional bogeyman for so many small American businesses. They  want to force lenders to report data from women-owned businesses.   In the committee hearing, I asked Mr. Chopra: What is a woman? He  couldn't answer the question. He chose not to answer the question.   I would argue, how is this information and data even reliable when  they can't define what a woman is.   Mr. Chairman, this is one of those situations that in the name of  transparency the government is collecting more information, information  that they don't need in order to warrant or grant creditworthiness.   There is a point at which you stop collecting data. There is a point  at which you have an obligation to protect the consumer, especially  when you look at all the data breaches that our government and banks  have had over and over again.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for his comments, and I  respect his opinion.   Mr. Chair, I would urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, our Republic depends on our bureaucracies  faithfully implementing the laws and policies set forth by our elected  officials.   A misguided rule proposed by the Office of Personnel Management could  threaten a President's ability to ensure that the executive branch is  appropriately staffed to carry out his or her policies.   During the Trump administration, some career Federal employees were  either unwilling to appropriately carry out President Trump's agenda  or, maybe more often, found themselves ill-equipped to make, implement,  or communicate policies with which they disagreed.   All Presidents, Republican or Democrat, have this problem to some  degree. They have a right to staff their offices.   President Biden now, outrageously, finds himself facing resistance by  State Department employees who disagree with his opposition to Hamas.   Mr. Chairman, I would urge that we allow this amendment to pass. It  empowers a President, regardless of policy, regardless of party, to do  their job to staff their offices.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for his comments.   We have civil service protections to protect career Federal employees  from being fired or demoted just because the President or their  supervisor disagrees with them politically. We must allow an  administration the flexibility to decide that certain people are a bad  fit for certain key roles and to let them transfer people so that the  role can be filled with someone better suited for it. That is all we  are asking. That is all this does.   To accomplish this, the Trump administration created schedule F,  which identified positions that had a ``confidential, policy- determining, policymaking, or policy-advocating character,'' and  provided that the administration could change who served in those  specific roles to make sure that they were willing and able to advance  the agenda the President chose to pursue.   This would apply to Biden. This would apply to Trump. This would have  applied to Obama--regardless of party.   My amendment simply defunds a Biden rule that blocks Presidents from  using a similar policy in the future.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would argue that it is time that Congress  empowers any President to be able to staff their office, and if they  have a member of their administration who is undermining their policies  that they are able to--and it is not that we are saying to fire these  individuals. It is a matter of putting them in another role where they  are better suited so the President can carry forward on their policies.   It is my understanding that we have people within Biden's own  administration who don't agree with him on policy. That is not their  call. That is the President's call. That is the call of Congress. So  this is empowering the President, the administrative office, to be able  to run more like a business.   Mr. Chairman, I ask adoption of this amendment. I think it is good,  sound policy, and it puts a check and balance in place on career  politicians who are more focused on their agenda than serving Congress  or serving the President.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment prohibits funds to finalize,  implement, administer, or enforce the CFPB's rule entitled ``Registry  of Nonbank Covered Persons Subject to Certain Agency and Court  Orders.''   Mr. Chairman, there is a recurring theme here. That is because the  CFPB is unconstitutional and their funding is unconstitutional. I would  hope and expect the Supreme Court to rule in that way so that Congress  can rule and administer funds appropriately.   That being said, we have an obligation to rein in their out-of- control regulation.   The CFPB's proposed rule seeks to publicly identify so-called repeat  financial law offenders by establishing a database of enforcement  actions taken against certain nonbank covered entities.   Specifically, the proposed rule would require certain nonbank  entities to register with the bureau and to provide regular updates on  such covered orders.   The proposed rule also includes obtaining enforcement actions against  organizations that have already settled with State or local  authorities.   Mr. Chairman, this is empowering an agency that has already gone too  far. It has gone beyond its mandate, it is unconstitutional, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, the CFPB is essentially orchestrating a  name-and-shame scheme with this registry, and it is openly weaponizing  the power of the Federal Government to target market participants.   It could be weaponized, and it could be leveraged. So if they don't  like how you operate, Mr. Chairman, if you are not woke enough, or if  you are not green enough, then they can put on a registry.   To be clear, the CFPB does not have the authority to promulgate a  robust set of registration requirements, nor does it have the authority  to establish a database for a particular category of information. Such  a registry will result in cost compliances and measures for covered  nonbank entities, many of which are small businesses.   We are hearing this from the banking sector and from the adjacent  sectors as well that the cost of compliance, because of the CFPB and  because of the rulemaking, is off the charts. Ultimately, the consumer  pays that cost.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Again, Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague. Obviously, I  ask that this amendment be adopted and ultimately that the CFPB be  dismantled.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment prohibits funds to finalize the  Federal Labor Relations Authority's proposed rule which would restrict  Federal employees' ability to opt out of membership in a labor union.   I am not against the union, per se, but the right for someone to opt  out. They should have that right.   In its Janus decision, the Supreme Court affirmed that government  employees have a First Amendment right to retain their jobs while  choosing to abstain from funding or participating in a public-sector  union.   However, the Federal Labor Relations Authority has proposed a rule to  violate the intention of that ruling.   First, it restricts Federal employees to a limited window each  calendar year to opt out of having union dues deducted from their  paychecks. Then, preposterously, it requires agencies to assume that  employees who have already opted out of paying dues want to resume  paying dues in the future, which requires the employee to then opt out  again.   This is not the intent of the Supreme Court decision. The employees  should be empowered and not basically hemmed in by a regulatory rule.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, again, I want to point out in its Janus  decision, the Supreme Court affirmed that employees have a First  Amendment right to opt out. The decision didn't say that the employee  has a First Amendment right 1 month out of the year. It said that they  have the right.   This rule is unreasonable in that it requires an employee, if they  need or decide they want to opt out, to wait 11 months. That is not  what the decision says.   Mr. Chairman, you have a First Amendment right to say no.   Furthermore, once you have opted out, why, then can the union then  ignore your First Amendment right and opt you back in the following  year?   That is not the intent of this decision, and it is not our obligation  to ensure the stability of a union. Moreover,  [[Page H5635]]  this decision was to protect the rights of workers.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   