 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, the chairwoman of the  committee, for her leadership in fighting the politicization of capital  allocation and the politicization of retirement savings.   Mr. Speaker, today House Republicans stand on the side of retail  investors. We stand up for millions of Americans around the country who  are increasingly asking themselves this simple question: When will I be  able to retire?   This Congressional Review Act measure that I am offering is a  bipartisan, bicameral joint resolution, disapproving of a Department of  Labor rulemaking that will politicize Americans' retirement accounts  and jeopardize their retirement security.   This measure simply states that retirement plan sponsors be required  to prioritize maximum financial returns for investors ahead of  nonpecuniary factors like environmental, social, and governance  standards, a political agenda.   We do so in a moment where one in five Americans have saved nothing  for their retirement, including one in three baby boomers, the  generation closest to retirement.   We do so in a moment when 78 percent of Americans are either  extremely or somewhat concerned about affording a comfortable  retirement.   We do so in a moment where the gap between the amount of money that  Americans have saved for retirement and the amount that they will need  for retirement is $3.8 trillion.   That is why, Mr. Speaker, Congress must act to block the Biden  administration's recent rule that green-lights so-called ESG investing  in millions of Americans' retirement plans, plowing them into less  diversified, higher fees, and lower-performing portfolios at precisely  the time that we need to maximize financial security for Americans  approaching retirement.   So let's consider the facts. According to a recent Wall Street  Journal report, ESG funds carry 43 percent higher fees than non-ESG  funds.   That is what they want. They want Americans to be forced into higher  fee funds. A recent study from NYU and the University of Southern  California found that over the past 5 years, global ESG funds have  underperformed the broader market by 250 basis points per year, an  average of 2.6 percent lower return than non-ESG funds.   This stands to reason because ESG funds are, by design, less  diversified. This is investing 101.   When you discriminate against energy stocks, and you are heavy in  tech, when you are in a tech sell-off, and when energy underperforms  the market, who loses? The American retail investor who is unwittingly  invested in these fraudulent, cancerous funds.   This means that an investor who put $10,000 into an average global  ESG fund in 2017 would have realized a $1,750 lower return than if they  had invested in the broader market.   While some of my friends on the other side of the aisle argue that  ESG investing is actually driven by investors themselves, not  ideologues at asset management firms and the White House who want to  push their environmental or social causes at the expense of retail  investors, a 2021 study conducted by the University of Chicago and  FINRA proves investors largely do not care.   Mr. Speaker, 21 percent of investors don't even know what ESG stands  for. Is that popular? Is that what popular ESG is?   And this neutrality nonsense. Look, nobody is saying you can't invest  based on your values, but this bill would steer people unwittingly into  these funds.   The status quo does not deny people to invest based on their values.  It just says that the default has to be to maximize returns.   So, Mr. Speaker, this debate today is not about investor protection.  It is about the ability of investors to maximize returns.   It is also about energy security. Even if you don't have a retirement  account, this radical ESG movement is hitting your wallet.   Since President Biden took office, his administration has waged a war  on  [[Page H934]]  American energy production; not just holding up leases or blocking  infrastructure, but through financial regulation and the weaponization  of financial regulation to divert resources and capital and financing  away from the American energy sector.   There has been a 25 percent decline in investment in natural gas and  in oil investments since 2021, and the result? Gas prices are up 40  percent, and diesel prices are almost double.   Household energy costs hit a 10-year high this winter, costing  average American families $1,200, according to a report from the  National Energy Assistance Directors Association.   These price hikes and the decline in investment in our energy supply  come at the exact time that the Biden administration itself estimates  that by 2050, almost half of our Nation's energy supply will be made up  of oil and natural gas.   Mr. Speaker, we need more, not less, capital investment and financing  of American energy.   I implore the administration. It is time for you to end your assault  on energy production that is fueling 40-year high inflation.   We, as Members of Congress, cannot allow this administration to  continue to perpetrate their war on American energy at the expense of  investors.    Mr. Speaker, I don't know if my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle don't understand the existing law and what this  resolution does and what the Department of Labor's new rule is, or  whether they are just trying to confuse the listeners and watchers here  today because the truth is that this is not material for the vast  majority of Americans.   The studies show that most Americans don't even know what ESG is. To  the extent Americans do find it material, nothing in this resolution  prohibits an American from allocating their capital the way they want  to.   What this resolution will do is stop the Department of Labor from  coercing Americans into lower performing, higher fee, less diversified,  politicized funds. We must stop the politicization of allocation of  capital.   When my friend from Illinois says: Well, why are Republicans picking  losers? Really?   In 2022, the S&P 500 energy sector ended the year a whopping 59  percent higher than where it started. Amid a brutal bear market in  which the S&P 500 overall lost 20 percent, if you were invested in ESG  in 2022, you were a massive loser because you were divested from  energy.   Stop the politicization of capital. If you want to give Americans  freedom to choose what is material for them in investing, vote against  the Department of Labor rule, which would conceal what the Department  of Labor is doing, which is steering Americans into investments that  have political values that they disagree with.   Give Americans true transparency. Go back to the Department of Labor  rule under the Trump administration, which says the default should  always be consistent with ERISA, maximizing financial performance.   If you want an alternative, if you want to subordinate financial  returns to the environment, to climate change, to social justice, to  whatever, and you really don't care about your retirement security,  then you can choose that.   Let the American investor decide, and the default should always be  maximum investor returns.   