 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to discuss the critical  need to expand broadband connectivity across the United States. In my  home State of Iowa, nearly a third of our State is considered a  broadband desert.   Hundreds of thousands of Iowans are left out from the critical access  that they need, such as for a young mother to get telemedicine  provided, for a growing farmer to be able to have the artificial  intelligence necessary for their farm to be successful, or for a fellow  veteran to get the type of access they need for their medicine over  broadband.   As parents, we know all too well the challenges of rural communities  to be able to get the same access that some of our other States have  received. It is not enough to simply have internet, but to have high- quality access to broadband that truly grows the types of communities  that we have seen be successful.   Not just in my home State of Iowa, but across the country, these  small investments allow young entrepreneurs to work remotely. It allows  farmers to work and cultivate to both feed and fuel the world.   Importantly, they help connect through the USDA ReConnect Program  grants which allow access to grow in my home State to over 400,000  households, and not just in Iowa but nationwide.   Clearly, there is more work that needs to be done. I offered this  amendment in the Agriculture appropriations legislation to raise the  awareness and the need that is happening in rural communities across  our country, and to improve this program to ensure that we are  investing in our rural communities' success in the same way we have in  some of our large cities' success.   Strategically speaking, I want to make sure that this is something  that is enduring and not just in one appropriations bill, but that  there is a roll-out plan--a plan like the farm bill that looks at a 5- year venture here.   With Chairman G.T. Thompson's commitment on the Agriculture  Committee, I believe we can incorporate this into the farm bill. I will  be withdrawing my amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I specifically thank Chairman Thompson  for his leadership on this, and from the many of us from rural  communities, including agriculture communities like Iowa, for this  continued commitment to improve our broadband. We have seen time and  time again; this type of infrastructure truly can grow our economy in a  productive way.   Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment from  consideration.   