 Reserving the right to object, Mr. President, first of  all, I am largely sympathetic to the intent of this. I think all of us  are exhausted by COVID. Fortunately, we are really coming out of it. It  has been exhausting, so I am ultimately hopeful that the  administration--when this public health emergency is ended, which we  expect will be very, very soon, that the vaccine mandate will go with  it.   Secondly, I am a big fan of Lynyrd Skynyrd's, so that is a pretty  persuasive argument, but I don't regard him as infallible.   Third, Vermont is a tourist State as well. Our skiing is a little  tougher for, you know, tougher folks. You have that soft powder out  there in Utah. But tourism really matters to us.   So the concerns the Senator from Utah is expressing--I am  sympathetic. Let me state the reason for my objection.   This public health emergency is going to end. The administration is  actively, day in and day out, in the process of taking the steps that  are going to unwind this.   My view is that this is an area where Executive responsibility has to  be carried out in an orderly way, not just to address this question of  ending the vaccine mandate, but there are other matters that are  affected if this public health emergency is abruptly ended that may do  harm to Vermont.   Let me just be very specific. The telehealth provisions that were in  legislation that allowed us to get access to healthcare should not end  when the public health emergency ends. The necessity of trying to make  some adjustment for premium assistance for folks who were able to get  access to healthcare--it has really made a difference for people in  Vermont. I don't want them to just go off the cliff.   So these are all separate and distinct issues. But if we have a  process where each legislator picks out an area within the public  health emergency that he or she believes should be taken out, you are  taking away the capacity for an orderly transition from the public  health emergency to the post-COVID non-public health emergency.   So, as sympathetic as I am to the points that the Senator from Utah  makes, including about the vaccine at this point, because of my concern  about the collateral consequences of stripping the administration, in  effect, of the capacity to have that orderly unwinding, I object.   