 Mr. Speaker, I thank the colonel for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I think it shouldn't be lost on anyone watching that the  gentleman is talking about service and selflessness. We have a colonel  who dedicated his life to this country both serving here on the House  floor and also in the United States military.   One of the greater Americans that you will know, Mr. Speaker, from  the 21st century is   Steve Scalise, and then we have the coach, Coach  Rollinson. We also have Coach Hopkins and Coach Higgins as well. They  were great coaches, and they were also great men.   It has been said that football builds character. I disagree with  that. Football reveals character. Having been a player, that Heisman  Trophy was not mine. I didn't get any votes nor did I get invited to  the combine, but it was a great experience.   My greatest football memory is not winning a national championship  for the University of Notre Dame. It is a  [[Page H1432]]  game that we won in high school that we were supposed to lose by 40  points and we won by 31--literally. I had a Coach Mike Murgo. He had  one eye distinctly bigger than the other. He talked like this. He said:  I ain't cross-eyed. I just got one eye bigger than the other, boys.   The reason why we beat a team that should have beaten us by 40 was  about belief. It was about belief.   Coach, what you have instilled in thousands of young men is belief.   People will say that you were a great coach. Again, I am going to  take a little umbrage with that. You are a great teacher, a teacher of  men.   Football is unique, as Congressman Gallagher said, because it is not  a contact sport. Basketball is a contact sport. Soccer is a contact  sport. Football is a collision sport, and it hurts. I had a couple of  concussions in Notre Dame--in practice, full disclosure.   You remind me of Coach Holtz. You are cut from the same cloth. On our  national championship rings it says: trust, love, commitment.   Football is unique because you have 11 men out on that field who have  to trust each other because a collision could come your way. You have  to trust. You have to love one another. I look up in the gallery and  see so many people. You are not from Virginia or Maryland, so you  couldn't drive here. So many people flew across this country to honor  you and to honor what you have built. It is not the 300-plus wins and  over a dozen championships State and national. It is the trust, love,  and the commitment that you had for your family, for your community,  and for those young men.   Mr. Speaker, we are in the presence of a Hall of Famer in greatness.   It was a wonderful day to see you operating with that team. What  impressed me so much about those young men was not, by the way, only  their height. I took a picture with the offensive lineman. I am 6 feet  tall and 230 pounds, and I look like a hobbit. My son said: Daddy, are  they going to have a second breakfast?   He was looking at my hairy feet.   Each one of those men when we went and the colonel shared some words  and the then-whip now-majority leader shared some words were so  impressive. They are the future of our country. That gives me solace.   What we are all here for and why we serve in this august Chamber is  we want to ensure that America's best days have yet to be counted. That  is what you have done for your entire life.   I always wonder--we are all going to have a tombstone one day--what  is it going to say on yours?   It is not going to say that you had a big house or she drove a fast  car or they had a pile of money. It is all about how we loved and whom  we loved.   You have made a tremendous impact. You are a great American. The best  compliment I can ever pay someone is that the world is a better place  because you are in it.   Thank you, Coach, and God bless you.   