 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Music in the  Mountains, a unique organization in Nevada County, California, that  combines world-class orchestral, choral, and musical theater  performances with a deep commitment to music education.   The Music in the Mountains season features live concerts and events  showcasing the orchestra and chorus performing with world-renowned  classical musicians and soloists. Performances are staged in several  venues located in historic gold rush communities of Grass Valley and  Nevada City.   At the heart of Music in the Mountains is the SummerFest Classical  Festival, now in its 42nd year. Audiences are enthralled by powerful  classical masterworks, modern favorites, and innovative pieces from  brand new composers staged in an outdoor theater.   In the days leading up to July Fourth, the festival celebrates music,  community, and our country's birth.   In addition to presenting inspiring concerts, Music in the Mountains  offers innovative educational programs touching the lives of about  5,000 students each year.   To fulfill the goal of empowering children to perform, compose, and  listen to music, Music in the Mountains offers a variety of activities,  including Take 5 for Music, Carnegie Lineup, Full Circle Music Program,  and Peer Performing 4 Peers.    The youth orchestra is a symphony orchestra program for string,  woodwind, brass, and percussion players ages 8 to 21. Students in the  Young Composers project study composition, notation software,  conducting, melodic and rhythmic dictation, music theory, and music  history.   The Side By Side program offers student musicians the opportunity to  sit in with the orchestra at rehearsals and perform with their mentors  in live performances.   Through its performance and educational endeavors, Music in the  Mountains recognizes the power of music to heal and transform the  individual and the community.   On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I am honored  to recognize Music in the Mountains for the empowering programs and  profound impact the organization has had on Nevada County and the  broader region.   