 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding. Like the gentlewoman, I spent my entire weekend in my  district, and not one person came to me asking me to change the law on  chocolate milk.   We have important work to do, Mr. Speaker, and I rise in support of  taking action to end the gun violence epidemic.   This holiday season, there will be another 40,000 empty chairs at the  dinner table because that is how many people died from gun violence in  2023.   We have had 636 mass shootings this year so far. We have had more  mass shootings than days of the year. On one day in April, there were  11 mass shootings.   In America, the greatest country in the history of the world, guns  are the leading cause of death for children and teenagers. American  children face the daily threat of gun violence in schools, churches,  temples, and mosques. They face the risk of gun violence in grocery  stores, shopping centers, and in their own homes.   Instead of taking action to protect our kids from gun violence, House  Republicans have used valuable floor time playing political games, and  this week is just more of the same.   Recently, a House Republican colleague stood on this floor and begged  for anyone in their party to come to the floor and name one  accomplishment that the Republicans have been able to do that would  allow people's lives to be made better.   There is an accomplishment in reach. Today, I call on Republicans to  join Democrats and pass the Bipartisan Background Checks Act.  Background checks are popular. They are supported by over 90 percent of  the American people, including a majority of Republicans and even a  majority of NRA members.   Mr. Speaker, background checks are effective. Every day, background  checks stop more than 160 felons and more than 60 domestic abusers from  getting a gun from a federally licensed dealer.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to  oppose the previous question so we can pass the Bipartisan Background  Checks Act, save lives, and help ensure that more American families  never have to suffer the loss of a loved one.   