 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the District of  Columbia for her steadfast support of this event and her extraordinary  representation of the District of Columbia. I thank the gentleman from  North Carolina for his consideration in bringing this forward.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this resolution. It authorizes an  event that I am proud to support every year: the Greater Washington  Soap Box Derby.   The soapbox derby brings people together from across the Greater  Washington metro area, encouraging kids, families, and communities to  compete in a fun and educational race.   Mr. Speaker, this is my 30th year introducing this resolution. I am  pleased to say that every year it has passed unanimously.   This is the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby's 80th year. The race  will be held on June 17 and will see soapbox racers, ages 8 to 17,  compete in three divisions: Stock, Super Stock, and Masters. The winner  from each division will have a chance to compete at the national All- American Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio.   Soapbox derbies have been called the greatest amateur racing event in  the world. Whether that is absolute fact, it is very close. They have  become a staple of the American experience all over our country. They  teach sportsmanship, engineering, manufacturing, leadership skills, and  so many other skills, as well.   Oftentimes, racers are sponsored by local civic groups, service  organizations, and police or fire departments with members coming out  to cheer their local hometown participants.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor this resolution today that will  authorize the use of the Capitol Grounds, which is essential for this  soapbox derby to proceed.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud that several Greater Washington Soap Box  Derby champions have come from Maryland's Fifth District, including the  winners from 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2018. I am sure  all of you are saying, well, it is no surprise that Hoyer supports this  resolution on an annual basis. His guys do pretty well. Our racers even  won a national championship in 2007 and 2008.   I am excited to see how the Fifth District racers do this year, and  to see their colorful and creative soapbox designs.   Mr. Speaker, I hope every Member will join me in supporting this  worthy event. I invite them to join me in cheering on the Greater  Washington soapbox racers on June 17.   