 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member  for their leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the Small Business Administration  and the Biden administration have continuously failed to take action to  prevent this type of fraud that happened during COVID-19, ripping off  you, ripping off me, ripping off everyone in this room, and ripping off  the American taxpayer.   The SBA's Office of the Inspector General has estimated that at least  $200 billion in COVID relief money given by the SBA ended up in the  wrong hands of fraudulent actors. We believe it could be well up over  $600 billion. Roughly 20 percent of that money intended to help small  businesses went to the wrong people, and SBA Administrator Guzman  refuses to testify before our very committee about these losses.   These losses must never happen again, Mr. Speaker, and Chairman  Williams' bill addresses this by doing what the SBA is not willing to  do right now, and that is to hold these fraudsters accountable and make  sure they are unable to steal from us again.   I proudly support Chairman Williams' bill, H.R. 5427, which prevents  anyone who is convicted of defrauding the SBA's lending programs from  getting any future financial assistance from that agency.   We cannot live in an America that allows criminals to defraud  taxpayers and hardworking small business owners especially during a  time of need.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5427.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of H.R. 4480 because,  as Members of Congress, it is our duty to protect and support our  Nation's veterans.  [[Page H5920]]    Earlier this year, it was my distinct pleasure to have Lieutenant  Commander Taylor Burks of Missouri's Fourth Congressional District and  a former opponent of mine in the primary for this very congressional  seat, testify at a Small Business Committee hearing on veteran  entrepreneurship.   We learned not only about the unique skill set veterans can bring to  the small business environment, but also the obstacles they face when  trying to open small businesses and live out the American Dream and the  challenge of even finding the programs available through the Small  Business Administration.   It was very important for all Members to hear how the committee and  the Small Business Administration can better serve those who have  served our great Nation.   As a result, my colleague Representative Sharice Davids of Kansas and  I introduced the Successful Entrepreneurship for Reservists and  Veterans, or SERV Act.   This bipartisan legislation, which passed through the Small Business  Committee unanimously, will help veteran small business owners and  entrepreneurs succeed by studying the barriers when starting a  business.   This bill will commission a report on the outreach and promotion of  existing veteran-focused small business programs to make sure that  veterans can access all available resources, capital, and credit.   There are programs out there, but a lot of veterans have never heard  of them, such as the Veterans Business Outreach Centers, the Boots to  Business program, and service-disabled veteran-owned small business  contracting programs.   This legislation also mandates the Interagency Task Force on Veterans  Small Business Development to devise an outreach and promotion strategy  for these programs and many others available to veterans transitioning  into the business world.   Veterans' service to our Nation should not end with difficulties in  accessing capital and resources. With transparency and increased  reporting, we can better ensure that they receive the support that they  deserve.   I am proud to co-lead the SERV Act with my neighboring district  Representative and colleague, Congresswoman Sharice Davids of Kansas,  to promote veteran entrepreneurship in our great Nation.   This bill is a win for our districts. It is a win for veterans. It is  a win for our Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this commonsense  legislation.   