 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, throughout the COVID-19 era, the United States  was an outlier in many ways, but perhaps most of all when it came to  the treatment of young children. A very clear example of that is the  policy of forcing toddlers to wear masks.   This is from an article from NPR in January 2022. It says: ``The  United States is an outlier in recommending masks from the age of 2  years old. The World Health Organization does not recommend masks for  children under age 5, while the European equivalent of the CDC doesn't  recommend them for children under age 12.''   When it came to the Head Start program, not only was it recommended,  but it was mandated that children as young as 2 years old, over a  million kids in Head Start, had to wear masks up until January 2023.   Now, this flew in the face of not only international norms, but of  all scientific evidence. Study after study has shown no public health  benefit to forcing young children to wear masks.   For example, a 2022 study by Dr. Ambarish Chandra and Dr. Tracy Beth  Hoeg was titled, ``Lack of correlation between school mask mandates and  pediatric COVID-19 cases. . . . `'   At the same time, the evidence continues to pile up as to the harms  done to young children when it comes to the disruption of holistic  processing, of face perception, of social skills, of emotional  development, not to mention the misery that they cause young children  having to wear masks for hours on end each day.   Perhaps the need for this amendment was most clearly demonstrated in  some truly unbelievable testimony by Health and Human Services  Secretary Xavier Becerra earlier this year. I asked Secretary Becerra  whether the policy of forcing 2-year-olds to wear masks saved lives.   He responded by saying: Who did the forcing? The answer, of course,  was him.   When I pointed this out, he said: ``We never forced anyone to do  anything.'' That is what he said. ``We never forced anyone to do  anything.''   When, in fact, the relevant regulation stated that there was a  requirement for universal masking for all individuals ages 2 and older.   I asked him: Can you point to any public health benefit to forcing  young children to wear masks?   He could provide none.   I asked: Do you, as the Secretary of Health and Human Services, can  you point to any evidence that there was a public health benefit to  forcing young children to wear masks?   The flailing Secretary, unable to come up with anything, simply said  that fewer people are dying in 2023 of COVID than were dying in 2020.   What a farce, Mr. Chair. Let's think about the parents who had to  send their 2-, 3-, 4-year-old kids to school every day under this  policy. And here the Secretary of Health and Human Services doesn't  offer an apology, even though he can come up with not a single public  health benefit to the policy that was enforced on these families.   We need to make sure with this amendment that this never happens  again. This amendment will assure  [[Page H5811]]  that Health and Human Services does not dedicate a single dollar to  enforcing mask mandates for Head Start.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, the gentlewoman from Connecticut referred to  evidence-based policies, and yet the Secretary of the U.S. Department  of Health and Human Services could not cite a single piece of evidence  in support of this policy. Not only that, this policy has been rejected  by the World Health Organization and the European equivalent of the  CDC.   I yield back to the gentlewoman and ask if she has come across any  evidence that has somehow alluded the Secretary of Health and Human  Services, the World Health Organization, and countries and our  counterparts in Europe.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, to be very clear, I just asked the gentlewoman  to provide us with some evidence in support of her position after she,  herself, claimed that her position was evidence based, and she could  not do so; just like the Secretary of Health and Human Services could  provide no evidence for a policy that has been rejected broadly across  the world.   Mr. Chair, I strongly urge passage of this amendment. It is past time  to restore some sanity in this country and to make sure that the sort  of harmful, unevidence-based policies that so many Americans have to  live with never again return in this country.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   