 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment that  prohibits funding for the Department of Energy's new rule on gas  furnaces. It is a regulation that would drastically impact consumers in  a negative way, unfortunately.   Under this rule, manufacturers would only be allowed to sell furnaces  that convert at least 95 percent of fuel into heat, within 6 years. The  Department of Energy is forcing consumers to choose between an electric  heat pump or expensive home renovations.   Once again, unelected bureaucrats are gaslighting--yes, pun  intended--Congress and the American people about what they can do under  the law. Under the guise of improving energy efficiency, as prescribed  by the Environmental Policy and Conservation Act, or EPCA, this  administration has attacked every single affordable appliance on the  market. This gas furnace rule is just the latest salvo. We have been  having hearings in the Oversight Committee about just this kind of  thing: Are we going to have gas stoves, things like that.   EPCA states that any standard must result in significant energy  conservation and be ``technologically feasible'' and ``economically  justifiable.''   We have the authority to question the extent of these proposed  standards to determine whether they can be construed as both  technologically feasible and economically justifiable.   Like many of the home appliances standards rammed through by this  administration, this rule falls short of these criteria. The National  Propane Gas Association estimates that this rule would impact at least  40 percent of gas-furnaced homes and would remove up to 60 percent of  current residential furnaces off the market. Additionally, the  Department of Energy estimates affected homes will have to pay $2,300  for renovations plus thousands of additional dollars for actual  furnaces.   Propane customers in Texas have already faced a 37 percent increase  over the last 3 years, and this administration, quite frankly, should  focus on lowering costs and not increasing them.   Agency actions that remove consumer choice operate on the assumption  that the Federal Government knows what is best for its citizens, even  more so than the citizens themselves. That is why I have always been a  big, limited-government person. I trust you, Mr. Chair, more so than I  would trust the Federal Government to know what kind of stove or gas  furnace you want to heat your home. News flash: You know and the  bureaucrats don't.   If we want to have something that severe, it should be legislated.  There are 435 of us here for a reason. When we come here, if we want to  change the law or create laws, there is a process for that. It  shouldn't be unelected, nameless, faceless bureaucrats with that kind  of power.   This amendment is a check on arrogant bureaucrats who think that they  know best for you, Mr. Chair, many of our constituents, and everyday  Americans across the country.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have remaining.    Mr. Chair, I will not be able to say everything I want  to, but I do want to thank my colleague for correcting me. It is not  unelected bureaucrats. They are trained unelected bureaucrats. I wanted  to thank her for that.   The Department of Energy relies upon modeling techniques within the  technical support document, or TSD,  [[Page H5100]]  that overstate the calculated climate benefits of reduced emissions in  order to justify more stringent energy efficiency standards. They did  the same thing, the same rule, with the gas stoves.   The gentlewoman said it is not on some whim, Mr. Chairman. In the  rulemaking, the Department of Energy uses random assignment modeling-- that sounds like close to a whim to me--to guess consumer decisions and  ignores economic considerations consumers use to make decisions.   The rule states that EPCA is not fuel neutral. This isn't the case.   I have a lot more to say, Mr. Chairman, but we are on a 5-minute  limit time, and it is late at night.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   