 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for  yielding.   I happen to represent every border community and every port of entry  along the Arizona-Mexico border. It is my home, where I grew up, and  that is where I live. That is where I have lived, in those borderlands.   I don't need a photo op tour for me to understand, to feel, and to  respect the fact that these communities and this area of our Nation  have been left behind not just by policy but by intent.   H.R. 2 is not serious legislation to address our urgent need to fix  our broken immigration system, to respond to the pending humanitarian  crisis on our border, and to combat the deadly flow of fentanyl and  human exploitation by organized crime syndicates. It won't do that.   What H.R. 2 will do?   It will devastate our affordable food supply by eliminating up to  half the  [[Page H2226]]  workforce in agriculture, farming, and ranching.   It will dramatically increase the economic hardship of border  communities and the borderlands.   It will fund the Trump memorial wall, a piece of useless government  waste.   It will demonize children and unaccompanied youth.   It will provide Republicans with fundraising tools, and it will also  provide them with the means to create division, fear, and chaos in  preparation for the 2024 elections.   My Republican colleagues hope that voters will overlook the growing  extremism and their failure to deal with real issues in this Congress,  one of them being immigration.   The lifting of title 42 challenges Republicans in this House to do  more than political posturing. Indeed, it challenges the Biden  administration not to allow the pending humanitarian crisis to become  desperate and punitive.   I want to also take a little historic look and remind the body of the  schizophrenic, anti-immigrant underpinnings of H.R. 2. The echoes of  past immigration debates in this Chamber are with us today, and let me  quote from the Congressional Record.   In 1884, Congressman Henley of California spoke on the floor of the  need to preserve a White man's government from dark and yellow-skinned  people.   In 1924, Congressman Wilson of Louisiana said: ``Two things are  certain. One is that America cannot exist with a large percentage of  mongrel communities with discordant views and aspirations.''   That same year, Representative Robsion of Kentucky said: ``Let us  send out the slackers and undesirables. Let us clean up America and  keep America clean,'' for the real Americans and for the real country.   I mention those historical realities and facts from previous debates  to underline the point that H.R. 2 must not be a means to grow the  worst nativist impulses that we might have in this Congress or to  accept ethnic and racial prejudices.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Thompson for yielding me time.   All to further hardship and accept ethnic and racial prejudices as  criteria in our immigration laws and policies, bringing to life those  echoes of the past.   The values and the common ground that must be found in order to  effectively deal with the issue of immigration, with the issue of  asylum seekers and refuge seekers, requires real solutions. It requires  humanitarian relief, but it also requires an enforcement focus that  deals with the issues that have been talked about by the other side:  fentanyl, drug running, and human exploitation.   It also requires that all of us in Congress, and particularly those  who represent the borderlands, be included in those discussions to the  point that we can bring the real voices, the real impulses, and the  real needs of those communities.   H.R. 2 must be defeated because it is against our values, and it  promotes a mythology that everything that happens on that southern  border is bad, unhealthy, criminal, and un-American.   That is wrong. Vote ``no'' on H.R. 2.   