 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to  speak for up to 7 minutes and Senator Markey for up to 5 minutes prior  to the scheduled rollcall vote.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss Anna Gomez, one of  President Biden's FCC nominees. If confirmed, she would give the  Democrats a majority at the FCC that would enable them to impose a  radical leftwing agenda, including investment-killing and job-killing  so-called net neutrality rules, otherwise known as ``Obamacare for the  internet.''   I strongly oppose her nomination, and I encourage my colleagues to do  the same. The FCC exercises vast power over how Americans communicate  and access information. It also has a history of abusing vague  statutory provisions to pursue partisan policy goals. In the wrong  hands, the FCC could go down a dark path of censoring speech and  engaging in regulatory overreach.   Under current Democrat FCC Chairwoman Rosenworcel's leadership, that  threat is not merely hypothetical. The FCC has engaged in unprecedented  abuses of power, such as killing the multibillion-dollar Standard  General-TEGNA transaction without a Commission vote, attempting to  expand the Universal Service Fund spending in defiance of clear  statutory limits, and holding valuable 2.5 gigahertz spectrum licenses  hostage.   Even more alarming, the FCC is now entertaining requests by radical  leftwing groups to revoke a broadcast station's license for alleged  ``misinformation'' and turning a routine FCC license renewal proceeding  into a truth commission, an alarming assault on the First Amendment.  And that is without a Democrat majority on the FCC. With a majority,  there is no telling what regulatory excesses the Chairwoman could  inflict--from forcing antiquated telephone monopoly rules on the  competitive broadband industry to micromanaging providers' rates and  terms of service, to imposing crippling new legal risks on American  companies through ``disparate impact'' lawsuits.   Make no mistake, a vote for Anna Gomez is a vote for regulating the  internet as a public utility. Ms. Gomez has publicly supported the  reinstatement of the heavyhanded Obama-era net neutrality rules that  would make the internet more expensive and slower for American  households, despite privately confessing that Democrats had engaged in  wild ``hyperbole'' in opposing the repeal of net neutrality.   Rather than giving reasons for the reinstatement of the failed net  neutrality rules, she claims she simply wants ``robust authority'' over  the internet. In other words, the power to regulate companies' pricing  and terms of service and to collect billions of dollars in new taxes  from them and from you, the consumer, all at the expense of investment  and innovation and consumer choice.   She has also refused to disavow the ongoing efforts to impose  investment-killing ``disparate impact'' liability on American broadband  companies. And she has given noncommittal answers to my requests for  commitments to improve transparency and accountability at the FCC.   Ms. Gomez has a history of failing to protect taxpayer interests. In  the Obama administration, she had a senior leadership role in  implementing a wasteful $4 billion broadband grant program. In one  egregious example, funding from a $100 million project in Colorado was  used to build a third fiber connection to a single school of 11  students. But by far, most concerning in Ms. Gomez's history is her  tweets concerning the use of government power to police so-called  misinformation.   For instance, she retweeted a claim made by Democrat Congresswoman  Cori Bush, who is a member of the radical leftwing squad in the House,  that Trump engaged in a ``targeted mass disinformation campaign against  3.5 million Black voters in 2016'' for the purpose of voter  suppression.   In addition, she tweeted enthusiastically in support of efforts by  the Defense Department's research wing--known as DARPA--and the Federal  Government to crack down on so-called disinformation. At this point, it  is, sadly, well known that the Biden administration has repeatedly  trampled on the First Amendment to silence opposing views.   The White House Press Secretary publicly bragged that they were ``in  regular touch'' and ``flagging problematic posts'' for social media  companies and threatening new legislation if those companies did not  heed the censors. And the Biden DHS tried to create its own ``ministry  of truth'' before a public backlash shamed them into disbanding the  effort.   Amid these First Amendment assaults, as well as recent efforts at the  FCC to deplatform a FOX broadcast station, it was critical to gain  clarity into Ms. Gomez's views on free speech, ``disinformation,'' and  the FCC's role in such matters.   Unfortunately, she gave vague answers to my questions and did not  reassure the Commerce Committee that she would actively oppose  censorship at the FCC.   Confirming Ms. Gomez would harm taxpayers, broadband investment,  innovation, and most importantly, our First Amendment freedoms.   I strongly encourage my colleagues to oppose her nomination.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Joel Coito, a  Coast Guard fellow at the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation  Committee, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of Congress.   