 Mr. Speaker, we are about to debate H.R. 2, a horrible  immigration bill that betrays our values, hurts our farmers, and makes  it easier to put fentanyl on our streets.   We are told it was rewritten in a back room in the Speaker's office.  I have yet to see the rewrite. In fact, I haven't even heard a  description of what was changed. I will say, for the record, from a  process standpoint, this is as bad as it gets. My friends should be  ashamed of themselves.   But wait. There is even more. I wasn't planning to speak today, but I  have to point out the ridiculous hypocrisy of what is going on.   Republicans are here on the floor with straight faces acting like  unemployment insurance fraud is one of the top problems in America.  They ignore billionaires who pay no taxes, but they want us to believe  there is an unemployment insurance crime spree, and so here we are.   They are going after farmers and veterans. They are going after  workers and families that needed help during the pandemic while, at the  same time, a sitting member of the House Republican Conference was  indicted in Federal court this morning for unemployment fraud.   Let me repeat that. We have a Member of this body, a member of this  Republican Conference, a key swing vote on their debt ceiling bill, a  key swing vote to secure Kevin McCarthy's speakership who, this  morning, was in Federal custody for--let me quote this from the  indictment: ``Falsely claimed to have been unemployed'' while he was  making $120,000 a year.   I mean, is this a joke? George Santos allegedly stole almost $25,000  in unemployment benefits.   Here is the part that you can't make up. This is too absurd to be  true, but it is. Their bill defunds the program that catches people who  commit this kind of fraud.   I have a letter in front of me from the Department of Labor, which I  will insert into the Record, that says, their bill defunds the program  that helps them catch fraud.   Now, maybe that is why George Santos cosponsored it. Of course he  did. If this becomes law, maybe he would have gotten away with it. I  think we should rename this the George Anthony Devolder Santos  fraudster protection act.    What is that old horror movie saying? The call is coming from inside  the house. You are going after fraud, but the fraud is coming from  inside the Republican Conference. Deal with that.   Here is the bottom line: The modern GOP has become the party of  corruption and crime. It is all about power for them. They put their  own power above the people we represent.   Their frontrunner for President is a sexual abuser and has been  indicted for his illegal hush money payments to cover up his affair.  They won't denounce it.   Their key swing vote was in Federal custody for allegedly stealing  unemployment benefits and lying to Congress, and they won't kick him  out.   They want to gut the Office of Congressional Ethics, and they want to  make it easier for rich people to cheat on their taxes. Now they want  to pass a bill that would make it easier for George Santos to get away  with fraud.   Forget honor. Forget principles. Forget integrity. All they care  about is power at any cost. It is disgraceful, it is shameful, it is  wrong, and I urge a ``no'' vote on this rule and the underlying bill.   