 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, first of all, let me thank  Chairwoman Virginia Foxx for the extraordinary job she is doing on this  important parental rights legislation, H.R. 5.   I thank my friend from Virginia (Mr. Scott) for this civil debate. It  has been disciplined. Obviously, we have a major fundamental  difference, but there is respect on both sides.   Mr. Chairman, last month, Adriana Olivia Kuch, a student at Central  Regional High School, in my congressional district, tragically took her  own life just days after a group of students violently attacked her in  the school hallway and then shared the video of the horrific assault  online.   Adriana's family told the Asbury Park Press that she ``took her own  life after being threatened online, attacked on school grounds, and  then later harassed when video of the attack was spread via social  media.''   My amendment today, Mr. Chairman, would add to the bill's disclosure  requirement of violent incidences a provision that schools notify  parents of whether recordings exist of such violence.   The amendment recognizes that bullying and violence are often  compounded, and the victim further traumatized, further humiliated, and  further mocked, when the crime is videotaped and shared on social  media.   Once informed, the parents are empowered to, hopefully, be better  able to shield, to better comfort, and to protect their child.   This amendment is a step in the right direction of what must be a  full-court press to tackle online bullying. Many school districts, as  my colleagues already know, do have harassment, intimidation, and  bullying, or HIB policies, which should include parental notification  of online bullying occurrences.   What happened in the Central Regional High School must never happen  again. There must be no higher priority for us than school safety and  protecting every student from violence.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, after the terrible incident  and the loss of this young woman, there were meetings with the school  board, and the number of students who came forward who talked about the  bullying and the videotaping of bullying that happens, and how  threatened they feel, it seems to me, out of an abundance of caution  and respect and concern for the  [[Page H1419]]  well-being of these individuals, these young people, having the school  leaders step up and say we know of a video recording, we have got to  make sure the parents know.   That young woman, in this case, sitting in her room watching the  video over and over again, and all the extreme mockings that she  endured, that may have driven her to suicide. We don't know absolutely,  but we do know that it has a very debilitating impact on a young person  to see all of that.   I watched the video, Mr. Chairman, and I was moved to see her on the  ground, being kicked and punched. Again, there was a video of this.   So many of the parents have no idea. They don't monitor social media  necessarily. Why not have the school leaders make sure that that is  transferred over to the parents, so they can step in and love their  child and try to protect their child from all the psychological and  other harms that accrue from that video.   This is a simple amendment, and I would hope that my colleagues would  vote for it.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   