 Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to amendment 36  offered by my colleague on the left.   Protecting free speech is a vital duty and founding principle  enshrined in our Constitution. Our Founders embedded this protection in  the First Amendment, the very bedrock of our Republic. Yet, today,  forces inside our government seek to trample this freedom through  censorship and intimidation.   The so-called Disinformation Governance Board was a dystopian scheme  allowing unelected bureaucrats to silence dissent. Though now  dismantled, its specter remains. Recently, shocking evidence emerged of  Federal agencies, specifically CISA, pressuring social media platforms  to suppress lawful speech.   Make no mistake: Any attempt by the government to dictate approved  narratives, stifle open debate, or chill free speech is  unconstitutional. The Founders rebelled against such tyranny and wrote  those protections into law, but, once again, Americans face efforts to  control thought and decree acceptable speech.   Amendment 36 would remove vital protections against these abuses of  power. It would open the door to continued coercion with Big Tech, the  harvesting of private data without warrants, and other violations of  the First and Fourth Amendments.   I call on each Member here to search your conscience. Will you defend  the bill of rights or bow to illiberal forces attacking our liberties?   The choice is clear. Stand alongside the Framers of our Constitution  in upholding freedom. Oppose this amendment and affirm that government  has no place policing protected speech or compromising privacy rights  without due process.   The American spirit rejects thought control and censorship. Our  Constitution enshrines the right to voice beliefs openly, however  controversial. Let's uphold this heritage. Vote down amendment 36 and  any attempt to enable silencing of dissent. The integrity of our  Republic hangs in the balance.   Will you defend it or will you attack it?   Amendment 36 attacks it, and so I urge all my colleagues to vote  against it.   