 Mr. President, in the teeth of the Great Depression,  America built the tallest structure in the world, the Empire State  Building. And we did it in 13\1/2\ months. Today, major infrastructure  projects wait an average of 4\1/2\ years just for an environmental  impact statement before they can break ground.   Beginning in the middle of the civil war, the transcontinental  railroad took 5 years and 7 months to build from first rail to Golden  Spike--in the middle of the civil war. Today, it can take roughly twice  that long just to get the permit to open a mine.   The American people have heard a lot of talk from Washington about  permitting reform. But our Nation's builders, refiners, miners, and job  creators know what they need is a lot less Washington getting in the  way. America is facing down strategic competition with major rivals  like China that will shape the next centuries of world history. We are  in a race for security, prosperity, and influence.   But even as Washington Democrats say they want to help America build  things, make things, upgrade our infrastructure, and win that  competition, they keep making it harder to do exactly that.   After the bipartisan infrastructure bill became law in 2021, the  Biden administration had unelected bureaucrats at the Federal Highway  Administration urging States--listen to this--not to spend  infrastructure funding on commonsense things like expanding highway  capacity and focus on equity and sustainability sideshows instead.   After the CHIPS Act passed in 2022, the administration's Commerce  Department tried to rewrite parts of the law, after the fact, to  maximize the benefits for Democrats' Big Labor allies. Secretary  Raimondo marketed the bill as an urgent national security priority,  securing supply chain for microchips. But the left wants to turn it  into a Trojan horse for miscellaneous leftwing demands related to  workplace H.R.   By one measure last year, the number of natural gas pipeline projects  that were canceled dwarfed the number that were completed. On the Biden  administration's watch, we are canceling more gas pipelines than we are  building--in this administration, canceling more pipelines than we are  building.   Last April, the Council on Environmental Quality issued a rule that  would open new infrastructure projects--listen to this--to even more  frivolous litigation from radical activists by redefining whole  categories of potential and environmental effects.   Mr. President, this week, the Democratic leader announced he wants  the Senate to pass even more legislation related to competition with  China. But our Democratic colleagues gave the game away when they  continually obstruct real honest-to-goodness commonsense reforms to our  permitting process. We cannot and we will not outcompete China by  rewarding radical activists' bad behavior. We will outcompete China if  and when we decide we are going to help builders actually build.   Our colleagues Ranking Member Capito of the EPW Committee and Ranking  Member Barrasso of the Energy Committee are the experts in this space.  Consider the case our friend from West Virginia recalled just yesterday  on the floor. The Mountain Valley Pipeline was designed to help heat 10  million homes across Appalachia, and it was supposed to be completed-- listen to this--5 years ago. Construction is more than 90 percent  complete. But thanks to predatory legal challenges, the builders have  now literally spent more time in court than on the job site, and a  project that was supposed to cost $3.5 million now has a pricetag  almost twice that size thanks to legal delays and legal fees.    It is actually mind-boggling to think that in the world's most  advanced economy, we simply let our critical infrastructure crumble,  our skilled workers stay home, and our brightest ideas languish until  radical environmentalists run out of legal challenges and unelected  Washington bureaucrats decide they are finally satisfied.   Thankfully--thankfully--our colleagues from West Virginia and Wyoming  are teaming up to introduce two bills that deliver real--real-- permitting reform. The Capito and Barrasso bills are designed to create  a streamlined fast track for energy and infrastructure projects, set  enforceable limits on bureaucratic reviews and legal challenges, and  give builders certainty that changing political winds won't hamstring  their projects.   Unleashing American energy, harnessing American resources, and  investing in the American workforce--these are the crucial priorities;  and, led by Senators Capito and Barrasso, Senate Republicans are on the  case.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   