 Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President and colleagues, there are ideas in Senator  Braun's bill that Democrats and Republicans definitely could work  together on, and I have always enjoyed working with Senator Braun.  Unfortunately, there are two ideas in this proposal that are  showstoppers. The first, in effect, deals with rigging America's tax  system, and the second issue deals with rigging our political system.   As far as I am concerned, the tax laws on the books already make it  too easy for the very wealthy, multinational corporations, and the  politically powerful to avoid paying taxes already. To a great extent,  those people can pretty much pay what they want, when they want to.  And, unfortunately, the bill that Senator Braun has brought forward  would rig this system even more.   Democrats, in the inflation reduction legislation, put a focus on  coming down hard on tax cheating by the ultrawealthy. Republican budget  cuts in the past have made it far too easy for the wealthy and the  multinational corporations to get away with cheating on their taxes.  So, in late 2022, Democrats said ``enough already'' and put special  protections in place to ensure that the IRS would focus on cheating at  the top, not on people earning under $400,000.   The way this proposal busts open a huge new tax loophole is it would,  in effect, redefine what counts as income when it comes to deciding who  gets audited, and it would encourage billionaires to disguise their  wealth. The bill would give billionaires like Jeff Bezos, who,  allegedly, reported less than $100,000 of adjusted gross income, a free  pass. It would be a loophole.   The tax part of this would encourage tax cheating and be a huge gift  to these scofflaw billionaires who are ripping off working Americans  who do the right thing and follow the law.   The second aspect of this proposal that, regrettably, I have to  oppose is that this proposal would lock in a Trump policy that opens  the floodgates to more dark money influencing our elections and our  laws. It codifies, in black letter law, rules to make it easier for  illegal donations and foreign actors to intervene in our elections  undetected, encouraging illegal campaign activity, and inviting Russia  and China to undermine our democratic process.   I have just gone through seven open-to-all townhall meetings in  counties in my State, in areas that were pretty darn red, and I don't  recall anybody ever telling me they wanted to get hit with more nasty,  shadowy political ads.   So, for those reasons, I object.   