 Mr. President, when I first arrived in this  building a couple of years ago, Senator Klobuchar--one of the first  things she brought up was the cost of pharmaceuticals, drug  prescriptions for the American people.   Well, this is the beginning of the end for Americans getting the  short end of the stick from pharmaceutical companies peddling  prescription drugs. For years, we all have been paying much more than  those in other countries pay for the same drugs. But now, Medicare has  taken the first step towards ending that stranglehold on lifesaving  drugs.   Let's be clear: This is not some unfair assault on global drug  companies. Rather, this is a transition that is going to give Americans  the same opportunity to afford lifesaving drugs as others in other  countries are given.   According to Kaiser Family Foundation, the U.S. spends far more than  any other industrialized country for prescription drugs, from getting  charged $150 more for Xarelto--which reduces the risk of coronary  artery disease--to getting ripped off by paying $1,600 for Enbrel, an  arthritis drug.   Eliquis, a very common blood thinner--and one that I have occasion to  use myself--prevents blood clots but costs an extra $514 out of pocket  for Medicare enrollees in Colorado. In Germany, it is only $96. It is  five times more in the United States.   Why should we pay more than Germans and Canadians and the Swiss? What  possible rules of common sense should permit drug companies the right  to charge us many times more than what the rest of the world pays for  the same drugs?   Part of the answer is that, up until now, we have let them.  Medicare--the largest buyer of prescription drugs in the United  States--has never been allowed to negotiate the price of drugs with  pharmaceutical companies.   As Senator Wyden was making painfully clear, the losses to the  American people have been substantial. Until now, Medicare has had to  accept whatever price Big Pharma dictated, even when Medicare knew we  were subsidizing the rest of the world.   Well, that changes today. Thanks to the Inflation Reduction Act we  passed last year, Medicare finally has the ability to negotiate with  Big Pharma and get us a fair price for these drugs. Medicare will take  the 10 most expensive drugs each year and negotiate their prices down.   But the impact goes far beyond the impact just on seniors or just for  those 10 drugs. First, every year--every year--Medicare will negotiate  down 10 more drugs, so the costs will keep coming down each year. In  future years, Medicare will be able to negotiate even more drugs.   Second, because Medicare is the largest buyer in the American market,  there is a darn good chance that other big buyers, like private  insurance companies, are going to negotiate to bring the price they pay  down to what Medicare will pay. A falling tide lowers all prices.   So what exactly does that mean now? Medicare has announced the first  drugs it will negotiate. They include the two I mentioned, Xarelto and  Enbrel, along with eight others. Four of the drugs treat diabetes. The  others treat or prevent blood clots, heart failure, kidney disease,  blood cancers, and arthritis.   In 2022, Medicare enrollees taking these 10 drugs paid $3.4 billion  in out-of-pocket costs. That is what they paid out of their own  savings. The average per-enrollee cost was a staggering $5,247 for the  most expensive drug on the list, Imbruvica, which treats blood cancer.   It is a big deal in every State. It is a big deal in my home State of  Colorado. Over 100,000 Medicare enrollees in Colorado take these 10  drugs, and 43,000, including me, take Eliquis--this is a blood thinner  to help prevent blood clots--with an average out-of-pocket cost of over  $500. Twenty-one thousand take Xarelto and pay $447, on average, out- of-pocket costs.   The bottom line: Seniors on Medicare are getting ripped off, and  going forward, they are going to spend less. They are finally going to  spend less on the prescription drugs they need, in many cases, just to  stay alive. If all goes according to plan, the rest of us will also pay  less once insurance companies follow Medicare's lead.   This isn't a fix to all the problems in the healthcare system in this  country, but it is a pretty big step, and it is a reminder that we are  not helpless to fix the other problems we face that are still out  there. All it takes is the will to come together and get things done.  Hopefully, this is just the beginning.   I yield the floor.   