 Mr. President, in October of this past year, the parents  and students of Jana Elementary School in Florissant, MO--that is in  the greater St. Louis area--woke to find news of an independent study  that had found nuclear radioactive contamination inside the school  building at Jana Elementary. Now, sadly, this probably didn't come as a  total shock to those residents who have lived in Florissant and in the  surrounding area because for  [[Page S1361]]  years now--for years--this community has had to deal with the fallout  of the Federal Government's own nuclear program and the waste left over  from it dating back to the 1940s, which was then effectively dumped in  St. Louis, made its way into the water, into the soil, and now into a  stream that runs right by this elementary school.   So the school board wisely said: We should do a study. Let's find out  if it is in the school.   Independent results came back and said it was in the dust, on the  windowsills of the school--radioactive material. The school board met.  They shut down the school. Parents had kids at home for months.   Then comes the first of this year. The school board said: We can't in  good conscience reopen it.   Now what is happening? The school is closed. The kids are having to  be bused to other locations, driven to schools outside of their  neighborhood.   This a working-class community. These are hard-working folks. They  don't have the resources lying around to send their kids to other  schools or to pay to move. If they did, they would. They don't. They  are just trying to live their lives, work a job, get their kids a  decent education. And, instead, they have had to deal with this.   The worst part about it is the Federal Government refused to clean it  up. When this news broke, the Army Corps of Engineers said: Oh, there  is nothing wrong with the school. We have tested it a million times. It  is fine.   In fact, they held a press conference today in which they said the  same thing: Trust us. It is fine. It is fine.   I don't think any of them are sending their kids there. But trust us,  they say; it is fine.   When I and the school board and the parents said to the Army Corps of  Engineers: You need to retest; you need to test the entire school  district--then they pointed fingers and said: Oh, no, it is the  Department of Energy; it is their problem.   So then, when we went to the Department of Energy, they said: Oh, no,  we can't do anything. It is the Army Corps' problem.   The Biden administration has spent the last 8 months now pointing  fingers at each other, saying why they can't do this; they can't do  that. The kids are just out of luck.   I just notice this. When that bank in California full of  billionaires--who are also, not incidentally, major political  contributors--had a problem, boy, this government moved lickety-split  to bail them out. How many billions did this government spend to bail  out the SVB shareholders and stakeholders and depositors? They got  their bailout in no time flat.   These kids? Nothing. Can't even get a response. Do you know the Biden  administration won't even respond to me? So fine. We will do it  ourselves.   I have introduced legislation that will order testing in the entire  school district, that will mandate a cleanup of the school, and, if  necessary, build these kids a new school.   The Federal Government caused this problem. The Federal Government  should fix this problem. And just because these kids aren't  billionaires or big-time political contributors or connected  politically doesn't mean that they can be ignored. It doesn't mean that  their lives don't matter.   I would just note this. Last week, the Secretary of Energy, Jennifer  Granholm, when I talked to her about this bill in a public forum--I  asked her in the hearing--she said that she would support the  legislation.   And who couldn't, Mr. President? Who couldn't support having the  Federal Government clean up its own mess and getting some justice for  these kids at Jana Elementary?   And I will just say this. This community in St. Louis has been asked  to live with the fallout of the Federal Government's actions for  decades--this is just the latest instance--for decades. The cancer  rates, the rates of disease, autoimmune disorders, they are off the  charts in this community, and for years these folks have been told:  Just shut up, and it will be fine.   Well, it is not fine, and today we are going to get some justice for  these kids. Today we are going to start the cleanup process that should  have happened decades ago.   So I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Environment and  Public Works be discharged from further consideration of S. 418 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I yield the floor.   