 Mr. Chairman, I am amazed to see, for hours, Republicans  arguing against President Biden lowering gas prices. That is simply  fascinating to me.   President Biden was well within his authority and the law he utilized  to draw down oil from our strategic reserve. The law is there to help  prevent disruption.    There is a war in Ukraine. We rightfully banned Russian oil together.  That is a disruption, and President Biden acted.   Maybe you all didn't like that, but he acted. That resulted in  savings for  [[Page H360]]  American families of $1.69 per gallon since the peak price. So what are  you all talking about?   Now, compare President Trump, who used the strategic reserve to help  pay for the GOP tax scam for the rich.   So let me get this straight. Republicans think saving American  families on gas during a war in Europe is wrong, but financing tax cuts  for fat cat billionaires is okay. That makes no sense.   Even more incredible, President Biden sold the oil on an open market,  at a high price, and then he replenished it at a lower price, earning  $4 billion in profit for American taxpayers. You cannot make this up.   Then my colleagues across the aisle--how do you like them apples,  huh?   Another thing, oil companies already hold leases on 12.6 million  acres of public lands already, and they are using just about half of  them.   So you can spend hours talking about how you oppose Biden's  successful effort to prevent a disruption in a time of war in Europe  that we are helping to support to lower gas prices for the American  people.   I stand with the President on this, and so do millions of Americans.    Mr. Chairman, I offer amendment No. 44.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment ensures that this bill, H.R.  21, will not go into effect until the Department of Energy can certify  that gas prices won't increase as it develops a plan to expand oil and  gas drilling on Federal lands by the same percentage that it releases  oil from the SPR.   Essentially, if we are going to get more or equal savings from using  the Strategic Petroleum Reserve then we would not be expanding drilling  on public lands and sell off more lands needlessly.   In addition, I know I spoke before about some of the issues we had  with the underlying legislation, but I did want to bring a few more  facts to bear.   When President Trump and the Republicans financed the GOP tax scam  for the rich with similar strategic oil reserves, some of that gas was  bought by China, by the way. You don't hear about that much, but under  President Trump and under President Biden, we  [[Page H369]]  saw China buy some of this gas because it was sold to the overall  market.   Now, we came together, Mr. Chairman, in a bipartisan fashion to limit  that. You don't hear a lot in the debate today that Trump sold gas to  China or that Trump sold oil to China as so much is talked about  President Biden.   Fact number two is President Trump had used the strategic reserve  when the Saudis and their refineries were attacked. Again, disruption,  just like we see with us banning Russian oil in a bipartisan fashion  and just like we see with the oil reserve.   There is a lot of amnesia here in the Chamber about the historic use  under two administrations to try to steady out the price of gas for  everyday Americans.   Lastly, we opposed for many years eliminating the ability to export  America's gas and oil abroad. There was a bipartisan deal a few years  ago where we got the ability to continue the tax credits for solar and  wind and other renewables, and the Republicans asked us to include an  elimination of this ban on exporting fuel abroad. That is a big part of  how this all happened, and that is certainly not an America First  policy when we hear so much about the debate on the amount of gas and  the price of gas here.   I will end where I began, which is President Biden helped lower gas  prices, and now we are hearing a multihour debate about how they oppose  that.   I certainly stand with the President, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   