 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 75, I call up  the bill (H.R. 382) to terminate the public health emergency declared  with respect to COVID-19, and ask for its immediate consideration in  the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on the  legislation and to insert extraneous material on H.R. 382.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to push for immediate and overwhelming  passage of my legislation, H.R. 382, the Pandemic is Over Act.   President Biden and I both agree that the COVID-19 pandemic is over.  In fact, on the eve of the Pandemic is Over Act going on the House  floor, President Biden finally announced that he is going to end the  COVID-19 emergency declarations. I am glad that my bill finally forced  the Biden administration to act.   However, President Biden has taken too long to act on his statement  last September that the pandemic is over, which is why I am moving  forward with my bill to end the COVID-19 public health emergency and  finally restore checks and balances between Congress and the executive  branch.   There was a time and place for the COVID-19 public health emergency.  On this day 3 years ago, then-Department of Health and Human Services  Secretary Azar first invoked the COVID-19 public health emergency.   The COVID-19 public health emergency was used at the beginning of the  pandemic to establish Operation Warp Speed and provide for CMS waivers  that led to millions of seniors receiving critical healthcare services  through mediums such as telehealth and removing various forms of red  tape getting in the way of healthcare providers' ability to care for  their patients.   Now, exactly 3 years later to the day of the original disaster public  health emergency declaration, we are in a much better position to  address COVID-19. We have proven therapeutics in addition to 95 percent  of the population either being previously infected with COVID-19 or  vaccinated. A senior administration official even stated, ``We are in a  pretty good place in the pandemic. . . . Cases are down dramatically  from where they were the past two winters,'' according to Politico  reporting.   It is long overdue for President Biden to unwind the public health  emergency. Despite overwhelming evidence that COVID-19 is now endemic  and that  [[Page H532]]  the pandemic is over, Secretary Becerra just renewed the public health  emergency for a twelfth time.   The Pandemic is Over Act sends a loud and clear message to President  Biden: The American people are tired of living in a perpetual state of  emergency, and it is long overdue for Congress to take back the  authorities granted under Article I of the Constitution.   The Pandemic is Over Act would immediately terminate the COVID-19  public health emergency. Nothing in my bill ends title 42, despite the  administration stating that it will. Let me repeat: Nothing in this  bill ends title 42.   The Biden administration alone controls title 42. That statute was  written in 1944 before the authority of the public health emergency  even existed. If the Biden administration chooses to end title 42 when  the public health emergency ends without working with us to secure the  border, then that is just another one of his failures to add to the  list.   To be clear, we support the ability to declare a public health  emergency to address clear and serious public health threats.  Maintaining these regulatory flexibilities during a public health  emergency is crucial, but these authorities should only be used for  limited periods of time based upon the particular circumstances and  prevalence or immediacy of the public health threat.   Now, it is time to rescind the President's emergency powers, and  Congress can address the present and future needs that may arise with  COVID-19.   Since President Biden took office, we have seen the pandemic used to  justify countless executive overreaches. The President has used the  pandemic for one-size-fits-all vaccine mandates for healthcare workers,  mask mandates, and eviction moratoriums.   While ending the COVID-19 public health emergency will not relinquish  all the President's power that has been used to make those decisions,  it does make it more difficult to justify bypassing Congress to enact  his policies.    Finally, I want to address the arguments about our unwinding the  public health emergency too quickly. Democrats had unified control and  could have extended, or the administration could have undertaken  rulemaking to unwind, the COVID-19 public health emergency.   Congress is already working. We need to work together on extending a  number of provisions tied to the COVID-19 public health emergency.   Where are their bills that would extend or unwind these things? Where  was the hearing on this last Congress if this was such an issue?   Mr. Speaker, the pandemic is over. I urge my colleagues to support  H.R. 382, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we have been asking for a year for the Secretary of  Health and Human Services to start showing us a plan for unwinding the  pandemic public health emergency.   Now that we are here doing this today, it seems like we are starting  to move in that direction. Unfortunately, we didn't have any hearings  last Congress to deal with that, but we are going to begin that,  working together today.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr.  Bucshon), my friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we are ending the emergency powers of the President. We  are not conceding that COVID-19 is over in this country, and it is not.  People have to take mitigation. We certainly don't want it coming  across our southern border, so we support keeping title 42 in place.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs.  Cammack).    Mr. Speaker, I just point out that the omni gave the  States clarity in how to deal with the Medicaid situation moving  forward. We also extended telehealth, so a lot of things we have been  trying to do, we have been asking the administration for a year to  address some of the things that my friend from Oregon just brought up.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs.  Miller-Meeks).    Mr. Speaker, we are trying to end the emergency powers  of the President during the pandemic. We recognize COVID is still an  issue that people have to deal with. We absolutely know that we are  going to be working together over the next few weeks and months to make  sure we have in place the proper protections.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Carter), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Balderson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Obernolte).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.   Mr. Speaker, I agree with my friend from Michigan that we absolutely  have to look at putting things in place and keeping things in place  that protect our citizens from COVID-19. We are not dismissing that.   What I am saying, or what we are saying, is it should be a  legislative branch-wide issue, that we believe that if things are going  to stay in place or be put in place, it should be by an act of  Congress, signed by the President, as the Constitution says, instead of  just the President making decisions for almost 3 years now--two  administrations, almost 3 years now.   That is what we are saying. We look forward to working together to  solve these issues and moving forward.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I think I did use the word ``cut,'' and I think I corrected myself.  We are spending less money in Medicare, so you are taking money out of  Medicare under the Inflation Reduction Act, but that money wasn't  really put back in to shore up Medicare. It was spent in other  programs, so there is $288 billion less being spent in Medicare.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers), the chairwoman of the Energy and  Commerce Committee. As we stated today in our organizational session,  she is the first chairwoman in the history of the oldest committee in  Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, one of the points that my friend from California just  brought up--we have this 3-year running telehealth that is moving  forward. We all know that we can't put the genie back in the bottle. We  have to work on telehealth, but we know for a fact there have been  diversions of controlled substances through telehealth. We know that.  So why don't we take back our authority? Let's negotiate moving  forward.   Let's think about where this has gone. Three years ago today,  Secretary Azar--two administrations--declares a public health  emergency. It started doing a lot of things. One is that it allowed  emergency use authorization, so we had therapeutics and had all these  things come forward.   Also the status--not necessarily every statute under Health and Human  Services, but because you have the status of a public health emergency,  you can invoke other statutes: the Defense Production Act by President  Trump to get respirators and moving a ship outside of New York so the  people in New York and New Jersey could have an extra hospital, a  mobile hospital.   I mean, all of those things happened. When we delegate our authority,  those are the things that we move forward.   On January 20, 2021, almost a million people were being vaccinated.  President Biden came in to continue the vaccination process. Then, a  year into his administration, we, on our side of the aisle, sent a  letter to the Health and Human Services Secretary saying that this  needs to end. We can't continue to operate under emergency authority.  Let's have a plan.   Everything that they have talked about today, every speaker they have  [[Page H539]]  had: Let's have a plan to end this emergency, and let's do it in a way  that we can address the issues that need to be addressed.   We have learned a lot during the pandemic about things that worked.  Let's do things that work. Let's fix things that don't work, like the  telehealth diversion of controlled substances.   Some of those are the things--we have been a year in, since February  1 tomorrow, almost a year since then, and we haven't seen a plan. We  haven't seen anything.   There was some stuff done, I know, in the omnibus with telehealth.  That is what we are saying. We don't need to continue to operate the  country in an emergency status. We need to end it.   So why bring the bill up? They say this is irresponsible, the bill  moving forward. The bill was in Rules last night. We have had no word  from anybody in the executive branch that they are going to deal with  this.   While the bill was being considered in Rules, they come out that it  is going to end on May 11?    So this bill is needed. It is needed because it is moving us forward.   What we can do now, as the bill makes its way to the Senate--I don't  know if the Senate is going to take it up or not, but what I will  pledge to my friend from New Jersey and my friend from California, who  is the ranking Democrat on the Health Subcommittee, is that we will  work to make sure we find the areas that we need to continue the  lessons that we learned, that we need to put into place, into statute,  and to take care of things that need to be taken care of.   What we don't need to do is allow the carte blanche, 3-year open  emergency pandemic that we know has had issues, as well. I mean, we  always talk about the things we want to keep. We can talk about those  and work on them.   The things that we need to address, using telehealth to divert  controlled substances, we know that that has taken place. There are  examples of that. We absolutely need to address that.   I will pledge that we will work, on our side of the aisle, with our  friends on the other side of the aisle to find things to make sure that  we continue to address the fact that we still have COVID-19.   One thing to note is we are still going to have COVID-19, and we  don't need it coming across our borders. Because we are doing this, we  also still need to keep title 42 in place.   I look forward to working together. This is necessary. It has moved  this administration, hopefully, forward. We can say that, May 11, we  move forward on this. I am proud to be the sponsor of it, and I urge my  colleagues to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 497,  introduced by my good friend from South Carolina, Mr. Duncan.    I strongly support this legislation, which would immediately repeal  the Biden administration's vaccine mandates for all healthcare workers  working in Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services-regulated  facilities.   CMS officials decided in November of 2021 to tell doctors, nurses,  chefs, physical therapists, and anyone else working in the facility  that sees Medicare and Medicaid patients that they needed to be  vaccinated against COVID-19 or lose their job.   This unprecedented, one-size-fits-all mandate came at a time in which  healthcare workforce shortages are still challenging healthcare  providers all over. This is the only such vaccine mandate in effect by  CMS.   This overreaching decision requires affected facilities to be 100  percent compliant or risk significant civil monetary penalties, losing  payment on new patients, or even the ability to bill Medicare or  Medicaid at all. More consequentially, this misguided policy was issued  at a time in which the United States is facing perhaps the worst  healthcare workforce shortages in history. In the long-term care  industry alone, there are 210,000 fewer jobs now than at the beginning  of the pandemic in March of 2020.   We have all read about and heard directly from constituents about the  impact this policy had in someone's employment status. The forced  choice between getting the jab or losing your job has undoubtedly  contributed to an already depleted healthcare workforce nationally and  will continue to threaten patient access to high-quality care.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose this mandate, and I encourage my colleagues to  support this legislation.   