 Reserving the right to object, once again, we are asked to  extend the flood program without any reforms to protect the taxpayers.  Like many Federal programs, this Federal program is well-intentioned,  but it may very well be the best real-life example of moral hazard.   We are told that the program is funded through insurance premiums,  but the premiums are below the market rate, and so the program is  eternally and consistently short of money.   A 2014 report by the Government Accountability Office found the flood  program collected $17 billion less than the market would have required.  For all practical purposes, the flood program is insolvent.   Just a few years ago, the flood program owed $30 billion to the  taxpayers. Congress later cancelled $16 billion of that debt, but the  flood program has not made any progress in repaying the taxpayers. The  total now stands that the flood program owes $20 billion to the  taxpayers with no way of repaying that money.   Perhaps the greatest insult to the taxpayers, though, is the lack of  true limits on this delinquent program. There are no limits on how many  claims can be filed or how much money can be received for a  policyholder. So it isn't that I have a $3 million flood policy. You  could have a $3 trillion policy. There are no limits. There are also no  limits on how big your house could be. You could have a $10 million  house, a $20 million house, a $50 million house, and the taxpayers  subsidize your house.   Rather than encourage people to leave flood-prone areas, this program  encourages people to stay and rebuild time and time again. In thousands  of instances, the program encourages people to rebuild and rebuild and  rebuild.   According to the Pew Charitable Trusts, over 150,000 properties have  been rebuilt over and over again. In fact, 25 to 30 percent of flood  program claims are made by the policyholders whose properties have  flooded time and time again. Over 2,000 properties have flooded more  than 10 times. One home in Batchelor, LA, flooded 40 times and received  a total of $428,000 of flood insurance payments--40 times. No one  should keep rebuilding in a house that floods 40 times. But the record,  if you can believe it, isn't Batchelor, LA. It is Virginia, where one  home flooded 41 times and received payments of over $600,000, all  subsidized by the taxpayer.   Adding insult to injury, the Congressional Budget Office found that  the flood program tends to benefit the wealthy and that 23 percent of  the subsidized coastal properties were not even policyholders' primary  residences.   Realize what this program is doing. It is subsidizing insurance for  the rich and famous for their beach houses. There are no limits. It  subsidizes people who have $10 million homes to get subsidized  government insurance. It is true. The government forces the taxpayers  to pay and rebuild the summer homes of the rich. In fact, sometimes it  seems that the flood program caters directly to the wealthy. Nearly 80  percent of the National Flood Insurance Program policies are located in  counties that rank within the top 20 percent of income.   Enough is enough. It is an insult to rob the taxpayers to give to the  rich. This is why I offer an amendment that, if we could come to an  agreement today, would require that the Federal program not insure your  second house, not insure your beach house. If you live there--it is  your only house--it will be included. If it is your second house, your  beach house, it is not going to be included.   And we would set a cap on the amount. Who in their right mind thinks  we should be subsidizing insurance for $10 million mansions? It is  crazy that anybody would think that is what we should do.   I offer a compromise today. Extend the program. Let's keep the  program. We will keep the program open. We won't miss a beat. But we  will set some limits on the houses.   So what I would like to start with would be a cap of $250,000. Those  houses below 250 would be subsidized, would get subsidized insurance.  Up to 250, you buy your own.   Also my proposal would not allow you to use the insurance if this is  your vacation home--if this is your secondary home.   So, Mr. President, I ask the Senator to modify his request so that  the Paul amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, the bill as  amended be considered read a third time and passed, and that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, the process  is similar to what has been described but not exactly as has been  described. The bill is sent out, everybody gets a chance to object.  People who choose to object can come, that is also announced.   The objections are announced, and we come to the floor. If the  Senator wanted to work together on this, this could be modified today  and someone else would have to come to object, and that is announced to  all 100 Senators and often works that way. But, today, what we have is  a situation where I am offering an amendment to reform taxpayer- subsidized insurance, and it is being rejected by one Senator, not by  all Senators, not in place of all Senators. They have a chance to come,  it has been announced, they can come and object to this if they wanted.   But here is the thing, what I am trying to do is modify a program so  that the average ordinary taxpayer does not have to pay for rich  people's flood insurance for their beach houses.   About half of the houses that are insured in this program that loses  billions of dollars every year, that is $20 billion in the hole, about  half the homes are worth $500,000 or more.   Do you know any regular working folk that have $500,000 homes on the  beach? No. If you have a $500,000 house on the beach, buy your own damn  insurance. The taxpayer should not have to buy your insurance.    So I would ask the Senator--we can do this today; there are other  Senators on the floor; they can come running from hither and yon, and  they can object to this--but I would ask the Senator, let's modify the  program so rich people don't get their houses insured by the government  and subsidized by the taxpayer. We can change the limits to $500,000.  That would cut out half of the homes in the United States, half of the  beach houses, half of the rich people in our country who are getting  subsidized insurance.   Make the limit $500,000. If we make it $500,000, the program will be  half as big, and it will lose half as much money. Let's modify this  program. So I would ask the Senator to modify his proposal with my  amendment, and my amendment would say: You can't use the insurance for  your second home, only your primary residence, and if you have a half- a-million-dollar mansion on the beach, guess what? You get to buy your  own insurance. That is my modification, and I would ask the Senator to  accept the Paul amendment that is at the desk.    Reserving the right to object. What I am trying to find  here, is there a compromise? Is there some level of rich person that  maybe the taxpayer could say: Enough is enough; they ought to pay their  own way? Is there some level of rich person's mansion that maybe the  average, ordinary taxpayer should not have to subsidize their  insurance?   So we have tried a half a million, which is about half the homes the  ordinary working class people in our country have to insure, why don't  we try--if we can't do a half a million, let's try mansions of  $750,000. You would say, well, how many are there? Twenty-five percent  of the national Federal subsidized insurance are homes of $750,000 a  year. We are not talking about ordinary people now, we are talking  about rich, rich, very rich people getting subsidized insurance from a  program that loses billions of dollars and has to be bailed out every  year. We have a government with a $1.7 trillion deficit. It goes on  year after year. Nobody does anything. Just reauthorize it. Today we  can make a compromise. So I offer the Senator a compromise: If $500,000  is too cheap and you want to insure half-a-million-dollar mansions,  will you, at least, modify it to exclude mansions of $750,000 or more?  I think that is the least we can do.   And I would ask unanimous consent to accept the Paul motion at the  desk that indicates $750,000 as the limit for the insurance.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object. It is  certainly not my intention to denigrate rich people. I aspire to be one  someday. But I don't aspire to ask for free stuff from the government  if I ever become a rich person.   Why would we subsidize insurance of rich people? Is there no limit-- is there no limit--is there no possibility of compromise on some  mansion that is too large to be in this program?   What about $10 million? We have tried $250,000. That was too little.  You know, the insistence is we must insure these homes. We tried a half  million. But the insistence is, no, everybody should get it.   I don't think rich people need subsidized insurance. The program  loses billions of dollars every year. We have tried 750,000, but  apparently there still is this need and this desire to insure rich  people's beach houses.   Why don't we try one last time. We will try something that I think  anybody could compromise to and anybody would accept, and certainly I  wouldn't want to be the one justifying a program that gives people who  have $10 million mansions insurance. Why not accept it and make someone  on the other side support such a ridiculous policy?   So my final proposal today will be to ask unanimous consent that the  Paul amendment at the desk would exclude $10 million mansions from  government-subsidized insurance.   I think that is the least we can do. If we can get that compromise,  it would bring at least some sense of sanity to this crazy program.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object. Let the  record show from this discussion today that the Senator has objected to  any limits on taxpayer-subsidized flood insurance, any limits: 250,000;  500,000; 750,000, even 10 million.   This is a program that loses billions of dollars every year. This is  a program that can't work for the poor people because we have got so  many rich people in it.   Half of the homes in the program cost over a half million dollars. So  this is a problem. This is a program that loses money every year, and  the Senator is unwilling to accept any limits on this.    There is this argument that somehow he is defending all the Democrat  Senators who can't come here, but he could easily have said: I am not  willing to object to this because these are reasonable proposals and  force the Democrats to object to this.   But he has taken this upon himself to defend the status quo, to  defend the inclusion of $10 million mansions in this program.   So I do object.   