 Mr. Speaker, title 42 expires tomorrow. As Republicans  are advancing the most conservative border bill ever, this  administration is going to usher in more chaos on the southern border.  It is going to be quite the contrast for the American people to  witness.   Border Patrol agents are already seeing a surge, 26,000 illegals  apprehended in a 72-hour period. This is on top of 5 million illegal  immigrants that have come into this Nation within a 2-year period. That  is more than the entire population of the State of Oklahoma, the State  which I represent.   House Republicans have a plan, and it is the bill before us, the  Secure the Border Act of 2023, which would resume wall construction.  That includes the 200-plus miles of wall that was fully funded by  Congress but shut down when President Biden, in contrast with the  Constitution, with his pen said: ``Not another foot.''   This bill is going to deploy more technology. It is going to increase  Border Patrol agents. It is going to end catch and release. Notice to  appear in front of a judge has become notice to disappear under this  administration.   Securing the border used to be a bipartisan issue. In fact, President  Biden supported the Secure Fence Act of 2006 when he was a United  States Senator. That bill included physical barriers; 150 miles of wall  built under the Obama administration. Here is what then-Senator Biden,  in his own words, said: ``Why I believe the fence is needed does not  have anything to do with immigration as much as drugs.''   Biden continued: ``And let me tell you something, folks, people are  driving across that border with tons, hear me, tons of everything from  byproducts for methamphetamine to cocaine to heroin and it is coming up  from corrupt Mexico.'' That was then-Senator Biden.   This statement is long before the fentanyl crisis, where 70,000  people from the United States died last year because of fentanyl  poisoning, the leading cause of death between ages 18 and 45. Biden's  own Border Patrol agents disagree with this administration.   