 Mr. Chair, I appreciate the spirit of this  amendment. I appreciate my colleague. I appreciate this bill, which I  am supporting. I agree that Hamas is a terrorist organization, and I  want nothing more than for them to be taken down.   What I have not heard from my colleague within my party is all the  good that has happened thanks to Qatar's efforts in the last few weeks.   There is a whole lot of bad to talk about, but I didn't hear anything  about the hostage negotiations that would not be happening without the  people of Qatar, without the leadership there. I thank the Qatari  leadership for helping us get those hostages out.   A couple weeks ago, I had a family member of a 12-year-old boy in my  office that said, Congressman, will you do anything you can? We are  trying to get these hostages out. The people of Israel want them out,  and we are not making any progress. What can you do?   You know what I did? I went down to the Qatari Embassy. I sent  someone down and said, I want to speak to you guys. We need some  action. We need more efforts. We need more results.   In the last week, what we have seen are hostages coming out of the  Gaza strip.   Now, there are those that say we shouldn't negotiate with terrorists.  The people of Israel--and I defer to the Israelis on this matter  because they are the ones living among these folks. They are saying  they want these hostages back. They are saying they want to work with  the Qataris in bringing them back. They have thanked them for their  efforts.   The other thing I haven't heard from my colleague within my party-- and frankly, I am disappointed some of my colleagues within my party  have not spoken up against this amendment in particular--is about the  great, fantastic United States Air Force base that we have in Qatar.   If they are such accomplices to terror, if they are such bad folks  over there running the Qatari Government, why do we have an Air Force  base there?   This amendment is badly timed.   I agree with the concepts in this amendment. I agree that I would  love everyone on Earth to condemn Hamas.   This amendment right now does not help us achieve our goal, and that  is to bring these hostages back. That is what our friends in Israel  want. They want these hostages back.   If you don't want these hostages back, if you don't want a United  States Air Force presence over in the Middle East, then go ahead and  vote for this amendment.   What you are saying to the Qataris is we want you to cease efforts.  We want you to turn over whoever it is that you have that you are  negotiating with.   By the way, the American Government, we are the ones that asked them  to keep this channel open with Hamas. We are the ones, the United  States, that said Hamas needs to be close and able to be accessible.    Mr. Chair, I ask colleagues and staffers that  are watching this amendment debate back in the office to go back to  your boss, especially if you are Republican, and say, you know what? We  have a Member from our own party saying this is a bad idea because we  have hostage negotiations that are happening right now that will not be  helped if this amendment is passed.   Everyone in this Chamber knows this amendment is going nowhere if it  gets on the bill, but that doesn't matter.   The concept of giving the middle finger to the one group in the  Middle East that is actually helping us achieve some hostage releases,  and that is the Qataris, I think is a bad policy, and I urge opposition  to this amendment.   