 Mr. Chair, I have amendment No. 80 at the desk, the  cybersecurity incident disclosure rule.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment,  which I am proud to co-lead with my colleague from New York, Mr.  Garbarino.   This amendment prohibits funding to implement the Cybersecurity Risk  Management, Strategy, Governance, and Incident Disclosure rule.   Now, as someone who has served for more than two decades in  cybersecurity both in the U.S. military, as well as the chief of  counterintelligence at ODNI for cyber, the National Cyber  Counterintelligence Officer, as well as service in the Obama  administration's White House as part of the National Security Council,  combating cyberattacks from foreign adversaries are important to both  my colleagues on the left and to us here on the right.   Irrespective of the SEC's intent to standardize these requirements,  these new and expansive disclosure requirements have the opposite  effect on our cybersecurity and safeguards here at home. Instead of  working to achieve a regulatory harmonization across the Federal  Government, this rulemaking creates duplicative, burdensome regulations  and causes even more confusion in our public and private sectors.   Worse yet, the SEC's cybersecurity disclosure rule compromises the  confidentiality of each company's cybersecurity program, opening them  up to potentially further attacks that can harm instead of protect both  the companies and the investors that they are charged with protecting.   This rule mandates disclosure of any material cybersecurity incident  within 4 business days. The disclosure requires companies to disclose  when it is the victim of a cyberattack, as well as the nature, the  timing, the scope of an incident, and its material impact, oftentimes  before law enforcement has even had the opportunity to fully evaluate  this.   Disclosure of this type of information to the public before it is  remediated would achieve the same effect as disclosing these  vulnerabilities before there is even a patch, leading other bad actors  to exploit the same vulnerabilities potentially for themselves, in  effect providing a best practices to the worst actors.   It is clear that we must work together to be able to increase  resiliency in cybersecurity across the board, but the SEC's rule falls  short and fails to strike the right balance between the regulatory  burden and improving security outcomes.   Therefore, Mr. Chair, I am offering this amendment to ensure that we  do not inadvertently jeopardize companies' confidentiality reporting  strategies and publicly divulge bad information to bad actors to  further threaten the United States.   Mr. Chair, I would urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I respectfully disagree with both the  premise and the impact my colleague has represented here.   We have multiple lines of effort when it comes to protecting  cybersecurity, particularly for Americans in our small and medium  businesses in this area.   First and foremost, the Department of Homeland Security has primacy  on this issue. When there is a violation, the Department of Justice  must be informed. When we have CISA who lays out the requirements for  reporting standards and then we have unelected individuals at the SEC  who weigh on top of this with new regulations that are actually in  conflict, we find ourselves not only confusing the issue but exposing  some of our most sensitive information to our adversaries.   We have seen time and time again the threat imposed by foreign actors  who look at what we are doing and disclosing as a way to attack us.  They are using it not only as a model but as a playbook to go after us.   Let's secure our cybersecurity and ensure that our investors and our  cyber hygiene are protected before we rampantly put out in the public  space information which could truly harm national security.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support a strong  cybersecurity hygiene in this space, hold the SEC accountable, and  support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today, like many of my  colleagues, to offer an amendment to push back on yet another ill- informed and arguably reckless proposal.   This amendment, which I am proud to co-lead with the chairwoman of  the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Mrs. Wagner, is a straightforward  amendment to protect businesses in States like mine in Iowa and many  communities across America and to mitigate harm to investors at every  level.   This amendment would prohibit unelected bureaucrats at the SEC from  using funds in this legislation to require a small business to be  forced to consider unrelated external factors as they review financial  statements.   Like my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I agree that  preventing fraud and maintaining financial reporting integrity is  essential to U.S. capital markets. However, this proposal is  unnecessary and extremely burdensome. If passed, it would divert  valuable resources away from a business' principle responsibility to  rigorously evaluate financial statements and make every auditor into  some kind of pseudo attorney, a situation no small business can afford.   Small businesses are already the subject of highly complex and often  technical laws and regulations that both Federal, State, and even local  authorities impose upon them. The vague and complex language included  in this proposal creates ambiguity that would only lead to adverse  outcomes for U.S. businesses, including increased legal and compliance  costs for all that ultimately are passed on to everyday Americans.   In fact, estimates report that this proposal could triple the annual  costs for public companies to the tune of more than $55 billion per  year.   Mr. Chair, I came to Congress, like so many in this room, to be able  to serve my constituents and to roll back the type of bureaucracy and  bureaucratic requirements that are crushing everyday Main Street  businesses in my hometown and towns like it across Iowa by an imposed,  non-elected person somewhere in Washington who sits behind a desk and  writes these regulations with no consideration of the impact to  hometown America. We do ourselves a disservice.   With this amendment, I believe it is a step forward to fulfilling so  many of our commitments that we share on both the left and the right,  and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, like the roughly 80 percent of  businesses that commented on this proposal, I would have to  respectfully disagree with my Democratic colleague.   We have a folklore hero in the heartland called Will Rogers. He says:  You should write your Member of Congress frequently, because even if  they don't read it, they will at least know there is a problem out  there.   We have heard back overwhelmingly from individuals who are operators  in this space. The feedback highlights the imperative in evaluating the  effectiveness of any rule and striking the right balance between not  only fraud prevention and audit quality but by preserving the essential  financial reporting duties, something that they have been doing  ardently for years.   The PCAOB has failed to engage in a productive dialogue with so many  not only in my district but across the country on this critical matter  to take into account the detrimental impact that it is going to have to  small businesses across America.   While I respect my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, I would  urge them to consider all the good work that is already being done in  this area and ask that the PCAOB do its job and start listening to  Americans and implementing exercises that will assist, not regulations  that will terminate.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   