 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the  rule and the underlying legislation. Included within the rule measure  is H.R. 3746, the Fiscal Responsibility Act. Fortunately, the Fiscal  Responsibility Act makes worthwhile reforms that will safeguard  America's fiscal solvency.   Mr. Speaker, 100 days, that is how long President Biden flirted with  economic calamity because he was too  [[Page H2675]]  stubborn to come to terms with the new political reality. The American  people did not send a Republican majority to continue business as  usual.   Mr. Speaker, the typical business as usual is where elected lawmakers  come together in a lameduck session and knock the bottom out of the  country's finances.   Well, no more, Mr. Speaker.   With the passage of this legislation, Republicans are putting America  back on a sound fiscal footing by reducing nondiscretionary funding,  reforming entitlement programs, and adding requirements that Congress  pass its 12 appropriations bills on time. That is a massive change from  the status quo.   Credit our fellow Rules Committee member,   Thomas Massie, for the  concept of including this in the debt limit bill, because if the  appropriators cannot pass all 12 of their appropriations bills by  September 30, it automatically goes to a continuing resolution with a 1  percent reduction. That is the first time that that has ever happened.  So we have budget enforcement, in fact, without blowing up the  filibuster over in the Senate, and we all know what that could lead to.   While no one can say that they got everything they wanted in this  bill, and candidly, I don't think the permitting reforms are nearly  enough. The NEPA reform included in this bill is an important first  step, but there is no question that we will need to do much more.   The full faith and credit of the United States is preserved with this  legislative product. Bear this in mind: If the United States were to  default on its debt, there actually is another country, the People's  Republic of China, who would like to be the reserve currency of the  world. We will not give them that chance when we pass this bill.   I commend Patrick McHenry and Garret Graves for their hard work in  bringing us this vital piece of legislation. I commend the Speaker for  bringing it to a vote on the floor today after 72 hours for Members to  read and understand the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to support the rule and the underlying  legislation.   