 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, my colleague from  Pennsylvania, for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, like many of my colleagues here in this Chamber, I am  blessed to be a parent. My wife and I are proud parents of a 4-year-old  daughter, and we are deeply invested in her education and ensuring that  she has the ability to be able to live her dreams. Mr. Speaker, you can  imagine my surprise and my disappointment when I learned that the  Republicans, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, would be  spending our time today on this bill, the politics over parents act.   It is a surprise because for so many years my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle have bemoaned the role of the Federal Government in  public education.   They have lectured us about local control time and time again, and  yet here they stand with a bill to impose a variety of unfunded  mandates on school districts across the country and eroding local  control, as my colleague from Ohio (Mr. Landsman) articulated.   I am disappointed because these unfunded mandates are so disconnected  from the real concerns and fears that parents in my district back home  in Colorado are experiencing every day.   Just yesterday the Denver metro area in Colorado was frozen with fear  at the news of another incident of gun violence in one of our schools.  At East High School, two teachers were wounded, one of them critically.  This came on the heels just 2 weeks ago of the tragic death of a 16- year-old student at East High School as a result of gun violence. Our  prayers, our thoughts, and our hearts go out to him, his family, his  friends, and all the students and the parents who have been impacted in  just the last 14 days as yet another incident of gun violence tears our  community apart.   That is what parents in Colorado are concerned about. They are  concerned about their students--their children--coming home from school  alive. They are concerned about the ability of children to be able to  get a quality education and not go hungry, to not be poisoned by lead  pipes in some of the dilapidated buildings in rural and urban  communities across our country, and about the cost of childcare.   Mr. Speaker, that is what they are concerned about.    Mr. Speaker, that is what parents and families are  concerned about back in Colorado.   So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule so that we  can get on to the business of addressing those concerns I have  articulated on behalf of parents and families across our great country.   