 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, this is  the sixth or seventh time that I have come to the floor to stop my  colleagues on the left from cramming these nominations down our throat,  but I will come to the floor as many times as possible.   We have spent almost 12, 13 hours--or I have--during the last few  weeks with these UCs. Last night, we were here debating this for about  2 hours. That is fine. That is what we are supposed to do in the  Senate. We are supposed to debate, and I am not against that, but we  also could have spent time voting.   I understand the Senator from Nevada has someone she wants promoted.  I am fine with that. If she brings it to the floor, Senator Schumer  brings it to the floor, I will vote for them. I am not here blocking  nominees; I am here blocking promotion of all of these nominees at one  time.   I would love to vote for her nominee, but Leader Schumer is  responsible for that. He is responsible for the floor. Bring  nominations one at a time, and I will vote for them. I am all for the  military. That is one of the reasons I am here. But we have got to use  our time better. That is what Senator Schumer says. Our time is spent  on nominations.   We have been here for about 5 months. We have been on vacation 30  days, and we could have done all of those nominations in that amount of  time. It is amazing to me how we don't want to do our job one at a time  instead of just doing them all at once.   Senator Schumer has said so in a ``Dear Colleague'' letter this  month. He said the Senator from Alabama has got a hold and it doesn't  look good for Republicans. I don't know what doesn't look good. I am  standing up for the rule of law. What is not a good look is the  Democrats coming to the floor and defending--defending--an executive  branch that is not doing their job; they are trying to do ours.   I understand the Senator from Nevada is a strong supporter of  abortion, and that is good. We all have differences of opinion about  that. But even she didn't vote for this. She didn't vote for this memo  that Secretary Austin pushed on the military. Nobody voted for it. I am  surprised that Democrats in Congress are supportive of the executive  branch doing our job, that a lot of people spent a lot of money  campaigning and trying to win this position.   Let's do our job. That is all I am asking. Let's do our job. We ought  to be voting on every one of these nominees that I have got these holds  on. I am not against voting for them; I am against voting for all of  them at one time. It would be a better use of our time if we would come  here, vote, and go back to our office like we normally do.   If Democrats were actually concerned about these nominations--and I  am going to say it for the hundredth time--if they were actually  concerned about our national security and the things that are going on  around the world, we would be taking these nominees one at a time--one  at a time--and getting them knocked out instead of worrying about  coming here and doing this debate, complaining at each other about what  is going on, when the executive branch is doing our job and we are not  doing ours.   Today, I saw some discussion from Senator Shaheen. I saw her talking  about it on MSNBC today. Her bill that she is throwing out would simply  change the law to make this memo legal. I do not support this  legislation, but we ought to take a vote on it. That is what we do  here. If she wants to put a bill on the floor, let's take a vote on it.  If the House and the Senate pass it and Joe Biden signs it, then it is  in the law, but if the bill fails, then Congress has spoken. So if  Senator Shaheen's bill fails, Secretary Austin then should accept the  consequences and the sense of Congress, follow the law, and suspend the  policy.   So if Democrats want me to drop my holds, then the answer is very  simple. I have laid out two conditions for me to end the holds: Either  follow the law or change the law. I will drop my holds as soon as  Secretary Austin suspends the memo. The burden is not on me to undo the  policy, this illegal policy; the burden is on the Biden administration  to follow the law.   Democrats have mentioned that we have some very important nominees  coming up, and we do. That includes the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of  Staff. I agree--very much agree--that this is a very important, very  important situation where we need a new Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman.  But we need to vote on some of these nominees anyway. These roles are  too important to just put everybody in one group and send them here and  nobody knows who they are and just run them through.   I will have more to say on that later, but, to this point, I hope I  have been clear. I have laid out the conditions for my holds and when I  will drop my holds. These conditions have not been met, and I will not  drop this hold until they are met.   So, Mr. President, that is the reason I object.   