 Mr. Speaker, in December 1890, Chief  Spotted Elk and his band of Lakota, including many women and children,  were moving from the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe, the reservation, to  the Pine Ridge Reservation. As was mentioned, they were stopped by the  Army's 7th Cavalry, and they were forced to make camp at Wounded Knee  Creek in South Dakota.   The next morning, on December 29, the 7th Cavalry attempted to disarm  the Lakota. A struggle ensued, a shot rang out, and before long, the  7th Cavalry was opening fire on the Lakota. Almost all of them were  unarmed. As was mentioned earlier, most were women and children. More  than 300 noncombatants were killed.   Mr. Speaker, this was a massacre. Too many think of Wounded Knee as  something that happened in the long ago past and in a faraway place.  The inaccuracy of that view was driven home to me in June when I went  to the site, and I spoke to the descendants of Wounded Knee.   There, I sat at length with an elder whose grandmother survived that  day. He grew up hearing from her own voice of the fear, the violence,  and the tragedy of that day. Mr. Speaker, this was not a history book.  This was his grandmother.   Close by, at St. John's Church, I looked at the site where the  wounded and the dying were taken. The floorboards of that church are  still stained with their blood. These are real people. These are real  places. These are not ancient tales of a distant land.   Our Nation has struggled with how best to remember, to mourn that  terrible day.   On the 100th anniversary of Wounded Knee, this body issued a formal  apology and expressed deep regret for the actions of that day. That is,  obviously, altogether appropriate, although on its own it is woefully  insufficient.   Last year, the Oglala Sioux Tribe and the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe  exercised tremendous leadership by coming together to purchase the 40  acres surrounding this site, an area that was mentioned was site to  just an old trading post. The management of that site was not  an appropriate memory of those who had died that day.    This bill, the Wounded Knee Massacre Memorial and Sacred Site Act,  would place those 40 acres into restricted fee status; in essence,  placing them into trust for the Tribes. That would provide the Tribes  additional tools that they could use to better protect this sacred  land.   Mr. Speaker, I recognize the leadership of the Tribal leaders  involved: firstly, President Frank Star Comes Out, who graces our body  with his presence in this Chamber today, but also Chairman Ryman  LeBeau, former President Kevin Killer, and former Chairman Harold  Frazier. We have spent months working together along with committee  staff and the Department of the Interior to craft this important  legislation.   My colleagues, I ask for a ``yes'' vote on this bill.   Wounded Knee is sacred ground. It has been hallowed by the blood of  innocent women and children. It deserves protection. This act can give  the Tribes, the descendants of those who died, the tools they need to  do just that.   