 Mr. Speaker, I have heard a lot of claims, some of them  very hyperbolic and some of which I would classify as drivel from some  of the prior speakers.   It is one thing to disagree, but we should at least be truthful.  Let's look at the amendment itself, section 716, lines 9 through 14:  The Department of Defense may not use any funds for abortions except  where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were  carried to term or in a case where the pregnancy is the result of rape  or incest.   Let's be truthful, Mr. Speaker. At least we are making some progress.  Some of the Members, our friends across the aisle, have actually used  the term ``woman'' instead of ``birthing person.'' That is something  that has, I think at least for me, given me some hope.   The question before us is a simple one: Are we a rule of law nation  or not?   Secretary Austin's decision to pay servicemembers to pursue abortions  is a clear violation of current law, the Hyde amendment.   We are hearing ``necessary healthcare.'' Is it necessary healthcare,  or is it an elective abortion? Necessary healthcare in the case of,  let's say, rape is already covered under the Hyde amendment.   Don't paint us with some wide brush to say that we want to take that  right away. I would submit that many Republicans want to protect women  that have been impregnated because of rape.   That is absurd, and it really is very unfair.   Is the DOD complying with Federal law right now or not? This policy  does it by prohibiting funding. The NDAA is simply ensuring we maintain  the protections that are already enshrined in current law.   Again, it is one thing to disagree, but to make these hyperbolic,  untrue claims doesn't serve the purposes of a spirited exchange of  ideas or an honest debate.   Secretary Austin, if you want to be honest, is playing politics. If  he would simply follow the law, 300 general and flag officers would get  the promotions that they are due.   The only people who are jeopardizing readiness right now are  Secretary Austin and President Biden and his administration.   Our bill puts an end to this nonsense once and for all. I support the  amendment.   