 Mr. Speaker, i thank Representative Newhouse for  chairing the Western Caucus and bringing this very important issue and  lawsuit to light.   Let me begin by quoting President Dwight Eisenhower when he said  farming looks mighty easy when you live a thousand miles away from a  cornfield and use a pencil for a plow.   The problem that we face on a regular basis across our Nation is that  far too many individuals who are completely removed from the issues are  making decisions about how to address them. This is exactly the case  when we look at the current lawsuit against the United States Forest  Service.   First, let's shed a little bit of light on the litigants, the Forest  Service Employees for Environmental Ethics. As Representative Newhouse  described them, the FSEEE is not a group of Forest Service employees.  They are a radical group out of Oregon whose goal is to stop humans  from properly managing forests while lining their own pockets with  taxpayer dollars after a settlement.   The result? Severe air and water quality degradation and the risk of  thousands of lives and livelihoods.   Fire retardant is a vital and effective tool for Montanans and rural  communities, slowing the spread of fires and minimizing damage.   Wildfires burned more than 7.5 million acres across the United States  in 2022. This number could easily be doubled or tripled if not for the  use of safe and effective fire retardants that the litigants are suing  to prohibit the use of.   Anyone who has visited the site of a wildfire, even years afterward,  recognizes the devastation and destruction  [[Page H570]]  they cause, both short and long term. The soil is rendered sterile  because of the immense heat generated, resulting in no productive  vegetation growth for years after the fire. This lack of vegetative  cover then leads to major erosion problems and a dramatic reduction in  water quality, severely damaging the fisheries, and the elimination of  food and habitat for wildlife.   On top of that, the reduction in air quality during wildfires is so  severe that anyone who hasn't lived through it couldn't even comprehend  the effects on a community.   I have driven through these smoke-choked areas in broad daylight and  had to use my headlights because the visibility was reduced so  dramatically because the smoke was so thick.   I have spoken with young and old alike who have been hospitalized due  to severe respiratory conditions as a direct result of the smoke and  the particulate that is produced by these wildfires.   In Montana, we see thousands of acres burn every single year, and  these wildfires pose a major threat to our way of life. We see property  destroyed and crops decimated. It cripples our economy and slows our  tourism.   Montana is proud to have a dedicated team of first responders and  pilots who fight tirelessly to contain these wildfires utilizing these  retardants. Because of their ability to utilize this tool and mitigate  fire risk, ways of life in rural communities are preserved, and those  who choose to live in remote areas are able to do so safely.   Wildland firefighters work to protect communities and forests from  the spread of wildfires, and the aerial application of fire retardant  has proven to be the most effective method of containment.   This method is crucial at a time when government regulations tie our  hands in regard to proper forest management. If it were not for these  draconian regulations, fewer fires would be burning, and much of the  retardant complained about would not even be necessary.   Montanans have a proud tradition of responsible stewardship of our  land and water resources. A simple review of State and private land  conditions, as compared to the Federal lands of Montana, will prove  that.   The claims by environmentalists that our efforts to contain wildfires  are harming our watersheds are blatantly false. According to the Forest  Service's environmental impact study, 1/100th of 1 percent of all fire  retardant drops spilled into the water. This was done either  inadvertently or under the allowed exception to protect life and  safety. This is because our first responders follow already-existing  rulings prohibiting the delivery of fire retardant directly into bodies  of water.   We recognize the need for clean water. It is obvious that keeping our  water clean is very important for our agricultural industry, our energy  production, critical infrastructure development, and certainly for all  of our citizens.   I also ask those who allege these claims to remember that wildfires  do not discriminate. They spread wherever there is fuel and, if left  unchecked, can and will further threaten protected water and lands.   The consequences of a future ruling preventing the use of fire  retardants are especially dire for Montana. If this were to happen,  catastrophic wildfires would threaten thousands of lives, millions of  dollars in assets, with immeasurable destruction to air, land, and  water quality.   This lawsuit is a continuation of the radical environmentalists'  agenda that has been waging war against Western and rural communities.  Simply put, these environmentalists literally want to watch the world  burn. I won't stand by silently and allow that to happen.   This case needs to be thrown out. Please join me in fighting these  misguided lawsuits, which strive to gain revenue from taxpayers at the  expense of property and the lives of people across Montana and the rest  of the country.   