 Mr. President, one of the benefits of sitting in the  chair, as the Senator from Maine is currently, is you get to hear a  wide variety of views from our colleagues. And I have had the  opportunity over the past several weeks, while sitting in the chair, to  hear my Republican colleagues talk about their concerns regarding the  lifting of title 42. They are concerns that are very often shared in  many respects by Democrats as well.   But it is really important that we level set the facts when we are  talking about what is happening at the border right now, as the  pandemic authority to stop people from applying for asylum is--as  required by law--being lifted.   It is really important that we understand that in this debate, there  are a lot of spinning; there are a lot of myths; there are some just  outright mistruths that are being spread about what is happening at the  border and what has been happening at the border.   And so I am down on the floor just for a few minutes today to try to  talk about a short list of those myths and untruths that are being  spread, sometimes on this floor, but very often on social media and on  cable news, so that we can find a way to have a functional conversation  between Republicans and Democrats of good faith who actually want to  make progress.   First, my sense is that there were a lot of conservatives out there  and a lot of haters of President Biden who were kind of rooting for  chaos at the border, who were hoping that there was just going to be  this overwhelming flood of crossings and apprehensions at the border  when title 42 was lifted.   Here is maybe the most important thing to say: It didn't happen. In  fact, if you look at the number of people who were showing up at the  southwest border right before title 42 expired--  [[Page S1725]]  and I will admit that number was elevated--we have seen half as many  people crossing in the last 4 days as were crossing right before title  42 expired.   Four thousand, five thousand people--that is still a lot of people  per day who are being apprehended at the border, but it does not match  the doomsday predictions that many on the right were making.   So I think it is just important to acknowledge that fact. Because if  you read the newspapers, if you paid attention to cable news, you would  have thought that the minute that title 42 ended, there was going to be  a doubling, a tripling of the number of people who showed up at the  border. That didn't happen, in fact--52 percent less people are showing  up.   Now, that may not hold. I can't promise that that is the future  trajectory. But I am going to tell you a story today about why that  happens, and it is connected to things Joe Biden did.   The second level-setting exercise I want to engage in is this idea  that we should be in just lockdown fear of all these people who are  coming to the United States at the southern border, that there is  something uniquely dangerous about immigrants writ large, but, more  specifically, undocumented immigrants.   Now, this is a trope that has been around for as long as the United  States has existed, that we should fear immigrants coming to this  country. But we now have data to tell us whether or not people who are  coming to this country as immigrants or people who are even coming to  this country as undocumented immigrants are a risk, a threat, to the  United States compared to natural-born citizens.   This is a study that Donald Trump's Department of Justice released.  This isn't Joe Biden; this isn't Barack Obama. This is Donald Trump's  Department of Justice that released a study that found that  ``undocumented immigrants had substantially lower crime rates than  native-born citizens and legal immigrants across a range of felony  offenses.''   That is the truth. It is Donald Trump's truth that, in fact, people  who come to this country, whether they are legal immigrants or without  documentation, are not committing crimes at a greater rate than  natural-born Americans.   That doesn't excuse our broken system. That is not an argument to  continue to allow so many people to come to this country without  documentation. It just means that we shouldn't set on fire these  arguments that we have something unique to fear.   Why? Because these people are coming to the United States for a  better life, because people are coming to the United States to flee  terror and torture, persecution, violence, and economic destitution.   There are criminals amongst their midst. There are individuals who  end up committing crimes but at no greater rate of offense than people  who are born in this country. It is just important to acknowledge that.   I want to talk about four of these myths very quickly.   The first one is that President Biden had the authority to keep title  42 in place. That is just not true. For the better part of the last 2  years, Republicans, conservatives, and the broader right have been  pillorying President Biden for not lifting COVID authorities fast  enough: The pandemic is over, the right says. Why do we still have  restrictions on our movement? Why are there still restrictions on air  travel?   Interestingly, the only restriction Republicans wanted to keep in  place was the one at the border to stop people from coming into the  United States who looked different from them.   The pandemic is over. Title 42 can't stay in place. The President  doesn't have the legal authority to continue to turn people around and  deny them the right to apply for asylum. So it is just not true that  this is President Biden's choice. And if you are a constitutionalist,  if you are somebody that believes that the President cannot and should  not exceed his constitutional statutory authority, then you have to  support the lifting of title 42. Now, we could change the law, and  there are proposals to do that, but President Biden cannot keep title  42 in place any longer than he declares a public health emergency.   The second myth--and I have heard this from some of my colleagues  here--is that everything was great under President Trump and it  exploded under President Biden. In fact, sometimes you hear this stat:  that crossings were at a historic low under President Trump.   Well, that is true to the extent that gas prices were at a historic  low under President Trump, because crossings were at a historic low for  1 year, for 2020, when we were in the middle of the teeth of the  pandemic, and nobody was going anywhere. Yes, during that period of  time, when we shut down the border, when nobody in the United States  was moving, when nobody in Mexico was moving, we did have a relatively  low number of crossings. But just before the pandemic, when President  Trump was in office, we had a historically high number of crossings.   In 2019, 800,000 people showed up at the border. That was twice the  number for the previous decade, on average. During President Obama's  time in office and the first few years of President Trump, 400,000  people were showing up. Then, in 2019, the numbered spiked to 800,000.  They go down for 1 year, but they came back up as soon as the worst of  the pandemic abated.   So it is just not true that this problem was a creation of President  Biden's swearing-in. Numbers were abnormally high right before the  pandemic, and they started jumping back up once the pandemic started to  lessen in its severity.   The third myth is that President Biden didn't prepare for the end of  title 42. That is also not true, and I gave you that statistic to show  that. In fact, crossings right now are half what they were right before  title 42 expired. I can't define all the reasons for that and maybe  those numbers are temporary, but it is definitely true that President  Biden has taken extraordinary steps to be ready for this moment.   Even while Congress refused to act and give him any help, President  Biden surged thousands of troops to the border. He put more asylum  officers there. He moved Border Patrol. He signed agreements with  Mexico in which Mexico agreed to take a certain number of individuals  who were coming from countries like Venezuela and Cuba. And he  implemented a really tough new asylum rule--a rule that, frankly, many  people on his political left say went beyond his statutory authority.  That rule says that you actually cannot apply for asylum at the border  unless you have applied beforehand in a safe third country or you made  an appointment. That is a really innovative, tough new approach to try  to reduce the number of crossings and presentations at the border--a  step that, frankly, President Trump didn't even entertain.   So it is just not true to say that President Biden hasn't done  anything. In fact, he has taken extraordinary steps to try to be as  ready as he can, which leads me to the fourth and final myth, which is  that this is all President Biden's problem. It is not. It is our  problem. We haven't significantly updated the immigration laws of this  country since the 1980s or 1990s. It has been 30 years since we have  changed the law in this Nation to reflect the changing nature of  migration globally and the changing nature of migration to the United  States. We, through our inaction, have left President after President,  Republican and Democrat, with a mess because our laws don't work; our  immigration system is broken. Yet we blame the President for failing to  be able to work miracles out of a system that has been fundamentally  rendered ineffective.   Let's be very clear. Republicans have had ample opportunity to fix  the laws of this Nation. In 2013, when the Presiding Officer and I got  to the Senate, there was a deal on the table to fundamentally and  comprehensively reform our immigration laws. Republicans in the Senate  joined with Democrats to get that done, but the Republican Speaker of  the House refused to have a vote on it in the House.   Since then, there have been a number of efforts to reach out and try  to find compromise with Republicans, and it has generally been the  Republican Party writ large that has decided that there is too big a  political cost for them to take in trying to find common ground on  immigration reform.   Now, I say that this is a position from the Republican Party writ  large  [[Page S1726]]  because I do know and believe that there are individual Republican  Senators in this body who do want to find compromise, who do want to  recognize that this cannot be solved by any President so long as the  laws of this Nation don't provide resources to move asylum claims  faster, don't give Border Patrol what they need, don't allow enough  people to come into this country through legal pathways.    Part of the reason that I am down here on the floor today trying to  correct these myths and untruths is because I think it is a necessary  predicate in order for us as a body, Republicans and Democrats, to sit  down and talk about solving this problem.   The lack of action in Congress has left President Biden an impossible  task. He has done the best that he conceivably can with a set of broken  laws. But instead of spreading these myths and often outright lies  about what is happening at the border and the consequences of lifting  title 42, we should, as body, instead, do our job and fix our broken  immigration laws.   I yield the floor.   