 Mr. Speaker, the last time the U.S. debt held by the  public equaled our total economic output was just after World War II.  After that, economic policies, fiscal policies that put our country on  the right track resulted in decades of American prosperity and American  leadership across the world.   Today, the trajectory is far different, as shown on this chart. Our  debt-to-GDP ratio, the best economic measure to show the health of our  economy, is projected to go up from 98 percent today to 118 percent in  the next 10 years and double our economy in just the next 30 years.   All I hear from Democrats today is pass a clean debt ceiling.   Does anyone on their side care about this trajectory which will end  in disaster?   The President certainly has no plan to reduce our debt. He refuses to  even negotiate or to acknowledge our debt challenges.   The Republican plan today, which I am proud to support, is the Limit,  Save, Grow Act. This bill will rescind unspent COVID-19 funds, reverse  Democrats' inflationary Green New Deal corporate welfare policies while  allowing for responsible 1 percent annual increases in discretionary  spending so America can continue to invest in core functions of  government.    All in all, the bill will reduce, as seen on this line, future debt  growth by $5 trillion over the next 10 years and begin to decrease our  projected debt-to-GDP ratio by 12 points over the next 10 years.   Growing our GDP is the second part of the equation, to boost economic  growth. The bill includes reforms to unleash domestic energy production  and implements pro-growth work requirements that will strengthen our  recovering labor force.   This bill alone, as seen in this chart, is not enough to solve our  Nation's fiscal issues, but it is a very important first step toward  getting our debt-to-GDP ratio on a descending trajectory. It will begin  to bend the curve.   I call on the President to negotiate in good faith with Republicans  to raise the debt ceiling and put forward policies to limit, save, and  grow.   