 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, our  colleague from Kansas has come to the floor and asked for unanimous  consent for a bill of some major significance.   We have heard a lot of my colleagues explain why this Israel-only  bill would be a disaster, because it throws Ukraine overboard.   And then I heard his rebuttal. His rebuttal was, ``Well, why not do  Israel alone?'' as if we hadn't had this conversation for the last hour  and a half. We know the answer: because the House has said it will pass  an Israel-alone bill, leaving Ukraine abandoned.   So this UC is about abandoning Ukraine. That has powerful  international consequences. Allow Ukraine to be torn apart by Putin's  brutal invasion--that is what this UC does. It makes a group of  American Senators Putin's best friends. This bill--this UC, this  unanimous consent for this bill--will shatter the Atlantic alliance,  deeply, deeply damaging the power of democracies working together. This  bill will fracture NATO because if we don't stand with Ukraine, how  many doubts creep in about any enduring effort to defend a smaller  country assaulted by a dictator next door?   This bill will destroy American leadership in defending democracies.  This bill will empower dictators around the world. They will conclude  that they can outlast the attention span of a coalition of democratic  republics as long as they stay the course.   Some of my colleagues in support of this bill say it is costing a lot  of money. The budget that Russia is dedicating to this battle is, some  estimate, 30 percent--30 percent--of their defense expenditures. Our  GDP here is 1\1/2\ percent--1\1/2\ percent versus 30 percent. If we  can't stay the course when the question is $1.50 out of every $100,  when would we ever stay the course?   The last time this globe saw such complicity blockading a vicious  conqueror was when Chamberlain went to Munich.   In Munich, Chamberlain told Hitler: You can take that massive slice  of Czechoslovakia, and England will look the other way. We will simply  declare peace in our time.   But that appeasement by Chamberlain didn't produce peace in our time.  Instead, that appeasement of Hitler stoked Hitler's appetite for  conquering adjacent lands. That appeasement of Hitler set the stage for  the Second World War, with massive loss of life and treasure for the  United States of America and nations around the world.   Appeasing Putin today is as wrong as appeasing Hitler 85 years ago.  We must instead stand with the freedom-loving, fierce-fighting,  democracy-defending people of the Republic of Ukraine.   If you come to this Chamber and you have followed former President  Trump's lead in loving Putin, then say yes to this unanimous consent  request and throw Ukraine under the bus. If you love China, love their  authoritarian conquests, love their desire to invade Taiwan, then come  to this floor and support this unanimous consent request for this bill  and throw Ukraine under the bus. But if you care about freedom; if you  are a champion of democracy; if you believe that democracies must stand  together against tyranny, against autocracy, against imperialist  invaders; if you respect the courage and fortitude of the people of  Ukraine, then absolutely say that you object to this UC request, that  you object to this bill.   We here in the U.S. Senate must not countenance Putin appeasement. We  must not countenance complicity and another Munich moment. So I join my  colleagues today in preparing to object to this bill.   I yield to my colleague from Washington State.   