 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to S.J. Res.  11.   Last year, more than 137 million people in the United States were  living in areas with unhealthy levels of pollution, and we need to do  better for them. It is currently estimated that 72 million Americans  are exposed to high levels of air pollution due to their proximity to  high-traffic trucking routes. These figures have real consequences, and  they cost lives.   With three of California's largest trucking routes cutting through my  district, the district that I represent in the San Fernando Valley,  these figures are a community reality for us.   After decades of heavy-duty vehicles generating pollution in their  backyards, my constituents experienced the injustice of  disproportionately high rates of respiratory illnesses, cardiovascular  complications, and cancer.   The EPA's heavy-duty NOX rule is a long-overdue step in  the right direction to protect the health and well-being of communities  across the United States, including my own.   With this rule, the EPA could prevent up to 2,900 premature deaths  per year, 6,700 fewer hospital admissions and emergency department  visits, and 18,000 fewer cases of childhood asthma. These are the  things that we need to work on in the House of Representatives. These  are the lives of our children, grandchildren, parents, and  grandparents.   Last Congress, Democrats worked and secured historic investments  through the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and Inflation Reduction Act  to accelerate our progress in developing cleaner zero-emission  technologies that will improve public health.   That includes $5 billion for clean schoolbuses, an effort that I  championed alongside Congresswoman Hayes, Senator Padilla, and Senator  Warnock.   The Republican-backed S.J. Res. 11 unravels the progress that we have  made, and we must do more. It attacks necessary Clean Air Act  protections and would repeal the meaningful actions that the EPA has  taken.   Today's CRA abandons the American people. It abandons our children.  It abandons our grandchildren and future generations. It forces our  communities to continue to breathe polluted air and puts them on a path  to an unlivable future.   It is important for us to understand that in this great Nation we  have technology like no other, and we have capacity like no other.  Therefore, all it takes is the political will of us on both sides of  the aisle to do the right thing--to make the improvements that I just  outlined here.   Mr. Speaker, I grew up in Los Angeles where we had first-stage smog  alerts. Today, my children don't know what they are. Today, my  grandchildren are being raised in Los Angeles. If we move the clock  back, my grandchildren, unfortunately, will be able to speak of these  smog alerts, just like I unfortunately had to be subjected to it as a  child. We can do better, and we must do better.   Growing up in the neighborhood that I now represent, I was the first  councilmember to turn down the expansion of a dump site--another  polluting element. Yes, the unions came up to me and said: ``We are  going to lose 200 jobs. You can't do this.'' I said: ``We must.''   We found a solution to recreate those jobs on the same site, to have  a cleaner, more effective way of dealing with the trash that the over 4  million people in my city create every single day.   It is really important for us to understand that for us to pass this  resolution it will send us backwards and hurt generations today and  more generations to come.   