 Mr. Chairman, I regret I have to oppose my colleague from  Tennessee's amendment. I believe it is in our national security  interest that Ukraine remains independent. If they fall, what happens  next? What does the bully do next?   He threatens the Baltics. He has already called them renegade states.  That is a threat. You stop a bully when he is pushing you around. That  is what Putin is doing. He invaded a country one-forth the size of  Russia in population. They cannot win without our help. It is not  Americans doing the  [[Page H3518]]  fighting, it is Ukrainians doing the fighting, but they cannot prevail  without our material support.   Thus far, we have provided about 5 percent of what our military  budget equates to. For 5 percent, half of Russia's tanks have been  destroyed and almost 200,000 Russians have been killed while they are  invading the Ukrainians.   We have spent this money in a way that is helping our national  interests prevail, and it is helping Ukraine survive. It will prevent  what I believe is the next phase, if we stop him here, which is the  Baltics or Poland.   Mr. Chairman, I recommend that my colleagues vote against this  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I stand in strong opposition to this bill, as  someone who had nuclear command and  [[Page H3521]]  control authorities when I was a general officer in the Air Force, as  someone who knows that nuclear and strategic deterrence is job number  one for our military.   Today, China is building a nuclear force to match ours and is more  modernized. Russia has a nuclear force today that matches ours in  numbers and is more modernized. This is not the time to reduce.   Former STRATCOM Commander Admiral Richard said the Chinese nuclear  expansion is breathtaking, and it is. Today is the day that we have to  modernize our forces, not talk about reducing them or cutting them  down.   I also point out that our ICBM force offers the highest rates of  readiness and alert capabilities. Once they are put in, they are the  cheapest to operate.   Mr. Chair, I urge defeat of this amendment. Our country cannot afford  it. Strategic deterrence can't afford it. Nuclear deterrence can't  afford it.   