 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative  Fischbach for hosting this Special Order tonight.   Mr. Speaker, it has been 7 months since the Supreme Court's landmark  decision to overthrow Roe v. Wade. In that time, we have seen  incredible progress to protect life around this  [[Page H272]]  country, including right here in Washington, D.C.   Just last week, many tens of thousands of families came out to the  annual March for Life to peacefully and prayerfully show their support  for the unborn. The week before that, the new pro-life Republican  majority took major steps to protect the unborn. We passed legislation  to ensure babies who survive an abortion receive the healthcare they  need and to condemn the attacks against pro-life crisis pregnancy  centers.   All of this is so important, but it is only the first step. Advocates  and people of faith around the country are going to their State and  Federal lawmakers and asking for change.   It is my hope that this Republican majority will continue to pass  pro-life legislation.   But my real question is: Where is the outrage?   Nearly 1 million unborn children are expected to die in 2023 from  abortion in the United States of America where protecting life is our  highest calling, where we are the first responder anywhere in the world  anytime there is an attack on life, anytime there is a tragedy, and  anytime there is a need for somebody to come there to try and save  lives, and yet, in 2023, 1 million of the unborn will be aborted.   It is incredible to me that in a nation that has been blessed for so  long with so much can turn a blind eye and a deaf ear to the cries of  the unborn.   My question is: Where is the outrage of my fellow Americans?   Where is the cry against this injustice that is taking place?   Where are we standing not as a political party but as citizens of the  world?   As I said earlier, if there is a cry for help anywhere on this globe,  it is America that will be the first responder. It is America that will  be there to save lives. It is America that will go to any end of the  world to help, and yet in our own country, we are willing to turn a  blind eye and a deaf ear to the abortion of over 1 million babies a  year.    Where is the outrage?   