 Mr. Speaker, I actually want to welcome the people who  are here in the gallery. I am glad they are here to see this. What they  are witnessing is actually something functional that Congress should be  doing.   We have a Federal agency called the ATF that has unilaterally decided  that they want to make illegal a piece of equipment that they legalized  more than a decade ago. The ATF said that the pistol brace is a  functional and legal piece that can be added to--and I stress ``added  to''--a firearm, and they allowed it to be sold in the United States  for more than a decade.   Now, why do I say, ``added to''? The question for the people in the  gallery and the people watching on C-SPAN across the country is: Have  you ever seen a pistol brace? It is mostly plastic and/or carbon fiber.  It wraps around your forearm, and it has a little pole that sticks out  to the midpoint of your hand. The purpose of said brace is for people  who actually had an arm injury but still wanted to take advantage of  their Second Amendment rights, and the ATF more than a decade ago  allowed that brace to be sold in the United States.   We now have the same ATF who is deciding unilaterally to go back and  say that that brace now needs to be registered, and if you don't  register it, you are a felon in the United States. If that is not a  gross violation of separation of powers, I don't know what is. Congress  never gave the ATF that authority to criminalize American citizens  after they were allowed to buy a piece of equipment.    If an agency says that they think a piece of equipment is a detriment  to public safety, then it is the requirement of the agency and the  executive branch to come to this body and ask for legal permission to  say so. They did not.   They don't just get to act on their own accord. They don't just get  to define terms for themselves unless Congress gives them that ability.   Mr. Speaker, one of the fundamental problems we are having here at  the national level is that we have too many agencies who are taking too  much latitude with the liberties of the American people. Instead of  going to their Representatives for clarification, they decide that they  want to make them felons through the back door. That is abhorrent.   That is a violation of separation of powers. It is a violation of the  very Constitution, and it is a violation of the liberties of the  American people that we are all here to represent.   Regardless of how you feel about guns, and regardless of how you may  feel about a pistol brace, none of us should be supportive of an agency  using their authorities or not using any of their authorities to  criminalize the American people.   This is a good CRA. We should be voting up on this CRA.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague from Texas  yielding me additional time, but I don't think I will need another  minute.   Mr. Speaker, we should be voting for this measure. This is a measure  to stop a Federal agency from stepping over its bounds and turning law- abiding American citizens into felons. A ``no'' vote on this measure is  a vote to allow the Federal agencies to run amok, unobstructed over the  will of the people. Our Members should be supporting it. Frankly, every  Member in this Chamber should be supporting this resolution today.   