 Mr. President, today, I want to address the ill-advised  and really unacceptable conduct at the November 30 Judiciary Committee  executive meeting. The majority there didn't allow a single Republican  amendment to the adoption of the subpoena authorization, and that was  breaking with precedent. Contrary to what Democrats allege, when I was  chairman, I followed the rules and let everyone speak who wanted to so  speak. I even allowed them to offer resolutions during a confirmation  process, which I could have ruled out of order. Simply put, this  subpoena authorization isn't based on oversight; it is based on  overreach. It is a political hit.   Over the past 6 months, the left's web of dark money interest groups  has tried to impugn the character and reputation of certain  conservative members of the Supreme Court. This Democratic  investigation into the Supreme Court totally ignores ethical questions  and dark money networks surrounding liberal Justices. This is all part  of a whirlwind effort to cast doubt on our country's highest Court and  call into question the legitimacy of its rulings. Conservative Justices  have been specifically targeted, harassed, and even threatened. The  left's influence-peddling scheme views these conservative Justices as  the greatest obstacle to jamming their radical agenda through our  courts because Congress won't do the same liberal bidding.   The left has outlined new rules for conservative Justices: Justices'  spouses must give up their independent law practices; Justices  shouldn't vacation with close personal friends; Justices shouldn't have  wealthy friends; and Justices shouldn't make any new friends after  donning the robe.   How unfair and how unrealistic. No such conflicts of interest ever  were raised during the Court's liberal years. These rules were not  invoked against the Court's liberal Justices. This persistent political  battering of the Judiciary is coming at a tremendous cost. The  conservative Justices have endured real threats to their safety and the  safety of their loved ones.   As I have said before, judicial decision-making must be based on law  and sound jurisprudence. It shouldn't be subject to the whims of public  opinion or clamor. It cannot be the result of threats and intimidation  of Supreme Court Justices. This political hit by the Democratic  majority of the committee will do lasting damage not only to the Court  but to the committee. Again, this effort isn't really oversight as I  like to do, and we do a good job of it; instead, it is about political  theater.    Let me give some examples of how an investigation should be  conducted.   During my time as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, starting in  2017, the committee investigated, in a bipartisan fashion, alleged  collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians. Bipartisan  committee staff--I want to emphasize that--bipartisan committee staff  interviewed five individuals who participated in that meeting,  including President Trump's son, and collected documents from several  others involved. At the Democrats' request, the committee interviewed  an additional six individuals. I subpoenaed even Paul Manafort, with  then-Ranking Member Feinstein's agreement for him to appear at a  hearing and to provide testimony. With the exception of Democrats  refusing to subpoena Fusion GPS and related parties, then-Chairman  Graham's 2020 Crossfire Hurricane subpoena authorization was based on  years of bipartisan work.  [[Page S5888]]    As I have thought more about my Democratic colleagues' apparent laser  focus on government ethics, it is clear that they have totally ignored  the biggest, most obvious ethical fact pattern that requires  investigation, and that is of the Biden family.   Since August 2019, Senator Johnson and I have investigated the Biden  family's connections to foreign governments and questionable foreign  nationals. We issued two reports and gave three floor speeches that  made public hundreds of bank records. Our findings showed criminal  activity, to include potential money laundering, with respect to  members of the Biden family and their business associates and the use  of public office for private gain.   Well, with respect to the Hunter Biden-related accounts, some have  also been flagged for potential human trafficking. As Senator Johnson  and I noted in our September 23, 2020, Biden family report, Treasury  records show thousands of dollars in financial transactions involving  Hunter Biden and Ukrainian and Russian women. These Treasury records  link those women to Eastern European prostitution or human trafficking  rings.   At this Judiciary Committee executive meeting that I have been  speaking about, Democrats failed to consider my amendment to gather  more facts on this abuse against women. Senator Johnson and I made  public a bank record that showed Hunter Biden received $1 million from  a Chinese company that was an arm of the communist regime for  representing Patrick Ho. Patrick Ho was charged and convicted for  bribery and related Federal offenses. Now, guess what. Hunter Biden  called Patrick Ho the spy chief for China. Based on the known facts, it  appears that Hunter Biden was effectively a foreign agent of the  communist regime.   The Judiciary Committee maintained jurisdiction and still maintains  jurisdiction over the Foreign Agents Registration Act and the Justice  Department's enforcement of it. Yet, the Democrat-led committee has  ignored the law and the Biden family.   In July of this year, I obtained and publicly released what is now  called the Biden family 1023. This FBI-generated document is based on  information provided to a long-serving FBI confidential human source.  The FBI document shows a criminal bribery scheme. The criminal scheme  included Joe Biden and Hunter Biden each being paid $5 million for Joe  Biden to take a policy position in favor of a foreign national. That  policy position was ultimately taken. Joe Biden even bragged about it,  and you can see, fairly regularly, his voice and his face talking about  this--what he did to the Ukrainian Government to get somebody fired.  The 1023 used the phrase ``Big Guy'' to describe Joe Biden before the  ``Big Guy'' description was publicly known months later. Different  people at different times in different parts of the world independently  used the same code name to describe Joe Biden.   Do my Democratic colleagues believe that it is just a coincidence?  The 1023 includes references to audio recordings with Joe Biden, text  messages, and records allegedly proving bribery criminal activity, and  that it was real.   What have my Democratic colleagues done to investigate that evidence?  What has the Biden Justice Department done?   The Tony Bobulinski interview noted that the Biden family would  receive a multimillion-dollar unsecured loan, intended to be  forgivable, from the energy company in China called CEFC. That would  serve as payments for actions Joe Biden took during his Vice  Presidency.   This financial strategy to illegally treat income as a loan is  consistent with the IRS whistleblower testimony that indicated Hunter  Biden attempted the same with respect to other income. These facts and  allegations indicate criminal activity, money laundering, bribery, tax  evasion, and significant ethical violations.   And, by the way, the Hunter Biden tax indictment mentioned financial  transactions that my and Senator Johnson's work exposed years ago.   Look at indictment paragraphs 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, and 100. Compare  them with the other two reports from 2020 and three floor speeches last  year.   My Democratic colleagues have shown zero interest in knowing,  understanding, joining forces, or advancing this 4-year-old  investigation. Instead, they have shown willful blindness to protect  the President and family.   One of my Democratic colleagues said the right thing when we  considered then-Chairman Graham's subpoena authorization. Senator  Whitehouse brought up an amendment to ``reinforce his point made at the  last meeting about the selective enthusiasm of [the Judiciary]  Committee for getting to the bottom of things and what appears to be a  policy at the Department of Justice of refusing to answer Committee  members' letters and Committee members' questions for the record.''   The U.S. Congress has a constitutional mandate to conduct oversight  of Republican and Democratic administrations without any political bias  for either. We have a duty to ensure the Justice Department and the FBI  consistently enforce the law without regard to politics.   Judiciary Committee Democrats were eager to engage in the FBI's  Trump-Russia investigation before it was totally debunked. However,  they were very eager to falsely attack my and Senator Johnson's Biden  family investigation as Russian disinformation. Sadly, I haven't seen  the same enthusiasm from the other side now that a Democratic political  family is under the microscope.   If it is criminal and ethical questions my Democratic colleagues are  interested in, then the Judiciary Committee should, in a bipartisan  fashion, bring the family members for interviews and obtain records  from them. No, the Democrat majority wants to investigate Supreme Court  Justices and, of all nine of the Justices, only the conservative ones.  So I can only conclude the Democrats' brand of oversight is more about  politics than fact finding.   