 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  brave women and men in Iran who are risking their lives to speak out  against the Iranian regime's human rights abuses.   Today marks 131 days of ongoing protests in Iran. It has been 131  days since Mahsa Amini was laid to rest after being harassed, arrested,  and ultimately killed by Iran's so-called morality police for simply  wearing her hijab incorrectly.   Since her murder, the people of Iran--women and men alike--have taken  to the streets in more than 133 cities across the country to demand  their basic rights and freedoms be respected.   For nearly 19 weeks, protesters have gone out into the streets making  their voices heard and demanding to be treated with dignity. But  instead of listening, the Iranian regime is brutally cracking down on  its own citizens, gunning down protesters, arresting people en masse,  and resorting to torture and sexual violence.   Since the protests began, human rights activists in Iran have  reported that nearly 20,000 people have been detained and more than 500  people have been killed, including children.   What is more, the Iranian regime has also executed four protesters,  with many more being sentenced for crimes that carry the death penalty.  These brutal human rights abuses must stop immediately.   The international community must stand with the Iranian people and  against this violent suppression.   The Iranian regime must stop supporting Russia's brutal invasion of  Ukraine, stop spreading terror across the region, and start listening  to its own people.   Today, the House is coming together to condemn unequivocally the  Iranian regime's brutality and to express support for the Iranian  people. Their bravery in the face of suffocating repression and  increased impunity is inspiring the world and deserves our respect and  strong support. They must know America stands with them.   Mr. Speaker, I will end by applauding the Biden administration for  working with our allies and our partners to hold the regime accountable  for the human rights abuses by imposing sanctions on Iranian officials  deemed responsible for the violent crackdown on peaceful protesters.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to continuing our bipartisan work to  advance the cause of human rights in Iran.    