 Mr. President, I thank the President for the recognition.   Let me begin with the obvious because I think Senator Graham did a  great job of laying out what is at stake. He offered multiple arguments  for why these amazing patriots who dedicated their professional lives  to defending our safety, our security, our way of life should be  promoted and should be promoted this evening.   But a different take is just to begin with the obvious: We are in the  midst of the most complicated and, therefore, the most complex and  perilous security environment that I have ever experienced in my adult  lifetime, certainly.   Israel, our closest friend, our ally, is at war. Ukrainian freedom  fighters remain at war against our adversary, Russia. We have a porous  southern border. Last month alone, we had 18 individuals apprehended  who are--just those who were apprehended--who are on the Terrorist  Watchlist. There are all sorts of concerns about what might happen in  the Indo-Pacific amidst this environment. We need a fully staffed,  fully competent, fully engaged, and focused security establishment.   We need these individuals to be put in place to assume the jobs that  they are prepared for. So the security environment is incredibly  dangerous. That means Mr. Tuberville's constituents in Alabama, my  constituents in Indiana, and Americans all across the country, all  across the world, their safety and security is in danger amidst this  perilous time. So that is unique, but what is also unique is the number  of holds.   My friend--and he is my friend. He is a genuine friend. I have got a  lot of respect for this man, Senator Tuberville, to my right. But the  number of holds is certainly extraordinary. I think he would concede  that because he is also a smart colleague.   The length of the holds is extraordinary as well, but the tactics  here, this is something that Senator Sullivan, who showed great  leadership on this issue, Senator Ernst, myself, and many other  colleagues have questioned. I am fervently, I am passionately, I am  unapologetically pro-life in conviction and in deed. My reputation is  untarnished, and it is unambiguous in that regard.   So I have every interest in seeing that we assume a smart tactic, a  smart game plan, if you will. And to hold responsible, effectively, 300  nominated patriots who ought to be pinning on a star or another star  right now--hold them professionally responsible for this and, by  extension, to undermine the safety and security of the American people  during this perilous time just doesn't make any sense to me.   Instead, it makes more sense for us to hold accountable someone whom  the President has nominated to fill the policy position at the Pentagon  who would actually oversee implementation and administration of this  horrible policy. I said that publicly, and to the extent Mr. Tuberville  would remain open--to put it indelicately--to taking that hostage, I  would be open to that tactic. But because that is not the case, we have  a disagreement here, and it is going to have to be reconciled. I know  Senator Tuberville wants to be a good teammate, a good pro-life  teammate and a good national security teammate. There is an opportunity  here for him to agree to at least--to at least--allow the following  patriot to be confirmed this evening.   Mr. President, I call to the floor Executive Calendar No. 131, VADM  Karl Thomas, U.S. Navy, to be Vice Admiral and Deputy Chief of Naval  Operations for Information Warfare.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session for consideration of the following nomination,  Executive Calendar No. 131, Karl Thomas, to be Vice Admiral and Deputy  Chief of Naval Operations for Information Warfare, Office of the Chief  of Naval Operations, Director of Naval Intelligence; that the Senate  vote on the nomination of this esteemed individual, with whom I visited  when I was in Japan earlier this year, without intervening action or  debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider would be considered  made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified  of the Senate's action.    Madam President, I call to the floor Executive Calendar  No. 238, Lt. Gen. Jeffrey A. Kruse, U.S. Air Force, to be Lieutenant  General and Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency.   General Kruse currently serves as the Director's Advisor for Military  Affairs at the Office of the DNI. This is a post he has held since  2020. One need not have me explain to them--especially if they are  tuned in to matters of national security--the importance of our Defense  Intelligence Agency at a time like this.   Previously, Mr. Kruse served as the Director for Defense Intelligence  for Warfighter Support in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense  for Intelligence and Security.   Prior to his OSD and interagency roles, General Kruse served as the  Director for Intelligence at U.S. Indo-Pacific Command, deployed as  Director of Intelligence for Combined Joint Task Force Operation  Inherent Resolve, and served as Senior Special Advisor for the  Commander of U.S. European Command and Supreme Allied Commander in  Europe.   He has commanded Air Force units at all levels across seemingly every  geography, and he has deployed on multiple occasions to combat theaters  around the globe.   Feeling good about this one. We can confirm this nomination by voice  vote right now.   Feeling really good, Senator Tuberville.   It is for that reason that I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session for the consideration of Executive  Calendar No. 238, Jeffrey A. Kruse to be Lieutenant General and  Director, Defense Intelligence Agency.    I further request that the Senate vote on the nomination  without intervening action or debate; that, if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Well, I call to the floor Executive Calendar No. 188, Lt.  Gen. Kevin B. Schneider, U.S. Air Force, to be General and the  Commander of Pacific Air Forces.   General Schneider has been serving as the Director of Staff for the  Air Force since 2021. He has commanded at all levels, including a  combat wing in the U.S. Central Command area of responsibility. General  Schneider is a command pilot with more than 4,000 flight hours, with  530 combat flight hours on multiple airframes. He has also earned  numerous commendations, including the Bronze Star and the Air Medal.   We can confirm this nomination by voice vote right now. Therefore, I  ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for  the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar No.  188, Kevin B. Schneider, to be General and the Commander of Pacific Air  Forces; that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening  action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, that being the case, I call to the floor  Executive Calendar No. 107, Lt. Gen. James W. Bierman, Jr., USMC, to be  Lieutenant General and the Deputy Commandant for Plans, Policies, and  Operations for Headquarters, U.S. Marine Corps.   General Bierman has held numerous command postings, most recently  serving as the Commander of the Third Marine Expeditionary Force and  Marine Forces Japan. He has shown a true commitment to service in this  posting, ensuring that marines remain prepared to face any future  threats. General Bierman has also deployed multiple times, including to  Afghanistan and Iraq, where he led marines in combat operations. His  many commendations include the Bronze Star with Combat Distinguishing  Device and the Legion of Merit.   We can confirm this nomination by voice vote right now. Therefore, I  ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for  the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar No.  107, James W. Bierman, Jr., to be Lieutenant General and Deputy  Commandant for Plans, Policies, and Operations, Headquarters, U.S.  Marine Corps; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon  [[Page S5291]]  the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action.    Having heard that objection, Madam President, I call to  the floor Executive Calendar No. 132, Lt. Gen. Michael S. Cederholm,  U.S. Marine Corps, to be Lieutenant General and Commanding General, I  Marine Expeditionary Force.   General Cederholm has been Deputy Commandant for Aviation since July  2022, a position he held with high distinction. He has held many  operational assignments, including in U.S. Marine Corps Forces Command  and as a TOPGUN Instructor Pilot. He has flown operational tours in all  aircraft that the Marine Corps has to offer. General Cederholm has held  numerous other assignments, including the deployments in furtherance of  Operation Enduring Freedom, Joint Task Force Southern Watch, and Iraqi  Freedom. He has also served in many Commanding Officer postings,  including Commanding General of Task Force Baltic Watchtower and  Commanding General of 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.   We can confirm this nomination by voice vote right now. Therefore, I  ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for  the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar No.  132, Michael S. Cederholm, to be Lieutenant General and Commanding  General, I Marine Expeditionary Force; that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, I am going to make one further attempt.   I call to the floor Executive Calendar No. 84, RADM George M. Wikoff,  USN, to be Vice Admiral and Commander, Fifth Fleet.   Admiral Wikoff currently serves as Acting Commander for Naval Air  Forces. He began his career serving as a naval aviator, moving up to  command Strike Fighter Squadron 211, Strike Fighter Squadron 122,  Carrier Air Wing 3, and Carrier Strike Group 5. Among many command  assignments, General Wikoff has notably served as the Commander of  Strike Fighter Squadron 211, Carrier Air Wing 3, and Strike Fighter  Squadron 122. His shore assignments include a posting at the Naval  Strike and Air Warfare Center, as a TOPGUN Training Officer, as  Battle Director at the Combined Air and Space Operations Center in  Qatar, and many other critical postings.    We can confirm this nomination by voice vote right now. Therefore, I  ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for  the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar No.  84, RADM George M. Wikoff, to be Vice Admiral and Commander, Fifth  Fleet; that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening  action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   