 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Graves for his  leadership. This is not an easy bill that is done every day, and it is  something that is essential to the safety and security of our country  as well as the advancement of all the good economic policies that we  have.   Mr. Chairman, as one of the only two commercial pilots in Congress  with three-plus decades in the air, I understand very personally the  importance of having a strong FAA reauthorization bill.   While this bill makes critical investments that benefit the flying  public and aviators alike, I have significant concerns about several  amendments made in order by the Rules Committee, especially one aimed  squarely at Michigan's First District and other rural areas that  eliminate the Essential Air Service, and I implore all Members to  oppose McClintock amendment No. 62.   However, what was left out of the bill is far more concerning than  what was put into it.   My amendment, which has broad bipartisan support, would simply allow  for a debate and vote on a critically important topic regarding  unproductive pilot retirement age changes in the underlying bill.   However, the powers that be pulled out all the stops to silence  dissent and shield the American public from a debate they know they  can't win.   For these reasons, Mr. Chairman, I will be voting ``no'' on H.R.  3935.    Mr. Chairman, as a former commercial airline pilot with  more flight hours than pretty much almost anyone in Congress, so I have  been told, I value safety first, safety second, and safety third. I am  proud to stand with Representative Langworthy in support of his  amendment.   The substitution of simulator time--while you could argue that  simulators are better today, yes, they are--for a reduction in actual  flight time provides no substantive benefit to a prospective pilot.   While some may say that pilots only build hours by spinning around in  circles in the sky, I say that is patently false and portrays a pilot  workforce that Congress relies on each and every day of the week in a  very negative way.   Pilots have a variety of options when it comes to building hours, and  we should not assume every pilot will always do the bare minimum. In  fact, I have seen pilots always do the extra just to make sure they got  it right.   Congress should not be reducing safety and statutory flight hour  requirements under the assumption that somehow this will make pilots  gravitate toward regional airlines for employment. It won't.   Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman, and I offer great support for  his amendment.   