 Mr. President, I rise to express my disappointment in the  recent U.S. Supreme Court decision to curtail the Clean Water Act, the  principal law governing pollution control and water qualities of our  Nation's waterways.   The narrow interpretation now supported by the highest Court will  remove Clean Water Act protection for the majority of wetlands in the  United States.   Let me just repeat that. Wetlands--we all know how important that is  to water quality in America. We know that wetlands act as a sponge for  runoff. It traps pollution that otherwise would end up in our  waterways. And it is critically important to our habitat. This narrow  interpretation will remove protection from a majority of wetlands in  the United States.   At a time of rightly intense attention to avoiding a default crisis,  this attack on clean water protection must not escape notice.   This past weekend, we honored the sacrifices of our military  servicemembers. Often, these celebrations of the lives and legacies of  our fallen soldiers and their loved ones take place outside in  community green spaces. Our parks need clean water.   The Sackett v. EPA decision is detrimental to national parks, where  two-thirds of park waters are already impaired with much of this  pollution linked to out-of-park upstream activities.   Under the Sackett decision issued on May 25 of this year, a slim  majority of the Court, led by Justice Alito, incorrectly concluded that  the Clean Water Act extends only to wetlands that have a continuous  surface connection with waters of the United States.   This result does not mean the Court unanimously endorsed this new  test. In fact, this decision was, to put it mildly, complicated.  Justice Thomas filed a concurring opinion, in which Justice Gorsuch  joined. Justice Kagan filed an opinion concurring in the judgment, in  which Justices Sotomayor and Jackson joined. Justice Kavanaugh filed an  opinion concurring in the judgment, in which Justices Sotomayor, Kagan,  and Jackson joined.   Put another way, four members of the Supreme Court--Justices  Sotomayor, Kagan, Kavanaugh, and Brown Jackson--agreed that the Clean  Water Act does not apply to the wetlands of the Sacketts' property, but  they disagreed with the majority's reasoning.   In an opinion joined by the three liberal Justices, Justice Kavanaugh  contended that ``[b]y narrowing the Act's coverage of wetlands to only  adjoining wetlands, the Court's new test will leave some long-regulated  adjacent wetlands no longer covered by the Clean Water Act, with  significant repercussions for water quality and flood control  throughout the United States.''   Justice Kavanaugh specifically noted that the health of the  Chesapeake Bay would be at risk under the Court's new test. Our  national treasure--the largest estuary in the country--was one of two  examples given, along with efforts to control flooding along the  Mississippi River.   In its opinion, the majority claims that the Clean Water Act  repeatedly uses ``waters'' in contexts that confirm the term refers to  bodies of open water. Despite this convenient fallacy, the waters of  the Bay are by no means limited to open water. In fact, the Chesapeake  Bay receives half of its water from a network of 110,000 streams and  1.7 million acres of wetlands, most of which are non-navigable  tributaries and nontidal wetlands that drain to those tributaries.   The watershed's roughly 1.5 million acres of wetlands are critical to  restoring the Chesapeake Bay in its tributaries across six States and  the District of Columbia.   Wetlands are essential to water quality. They trap pollutants that  are running off farmland, suburban parking lots, and city streets  before they can reach the 111,000 miles of local streams, creeks, and  rivers that empty into the Bay.   Entering the Atlantic hurricane season, it is worth noting that  wetlands also protect flood-prone communities by absorbing storm surges  and flood waters like sponges. Wetlands also mitigate slow onset  climate change effects like sea level rise and ``sunny day'' flooding  that threatens lives, businesses, and properties in waterfront cities  like Annapolis.   Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Virginia have State regulations that  could offer backstop coverage for wetlands that are adjacent to, but  not adjoining, the Bay and its covered tributaries EPA can no longer  protect. But we should not be abdicating this shared responsibility  just to our States. Nationwide, more than 111 million acres of wetlands  and the ecosystem services they provide are estimated to face the  essential threat from the loss of Federal protections.   Justice Kagan also wrote a brief opinion of her own, joined by  Justices Sotomayor and Jackson, in which she criticized what she  characterized as ``the Court's appointment of itself as the national  decision-maker on environmental policy.''   In her view, which I share, Congress deliberately drafted the Clean  Water Act with a broad reach to ``address a problem of `crisis  proportion.' '' Although the majority disagrees with that decision, she  wrote, it cannot ``rewrite Congress's plain instructions because they  go further than'' the Court would like. But that is precisely what the  majority did here, she concluded, just as it did last year when it  curtailed the EPA's authority to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from  power plants.   Sackett is the latest in an alarming series of rulings to undercut  the Agency's mission to protect human health and the environment. This  one happens to hit especially close to the statutory home of the  Chesapeake Bay program partnership.   For now, to assert jurisdiction over an adjacent wetland under the  Clean Water Act, a party must establish ``first, that the adjacent  [body of water constitutes] . . . `water[s] of the United States'  [i.e., a relatively permanent body of water connected to traditional  interstate navigable waters]; and second, that the wetland has a  continuous surface connection with that water, making it difficult to  determine whether the `water' ends and the `wetland' begins.''   This arbitrary new definition strikes at the heart of the Chesapeake  Bay Program--science-based decision making.   Moreover, as Justice Kavanaugh notes, the Court's new test ``is  sufficiently novel and vague'' that it will create precisely the type  of regulatory uncertainty that the majority roundly criticized.   The decision muddies the waters for a clear, workable waters of the  United States definition. After years of uncertainty, the rule of the  final ``Revised Definition of `Waters of the United States' '' rule the  EPA and U.S. Army Corps announced in December established a clear and  reasonable definition.   The commonsense approach the EPA must now defend recognizes that  pollution upstream can have downstream impacts, so we must protect the  system to safeguard downstream communities in our environment.   The rule this opinion invites opponents to challenge also maintained  longstanding Clean Water Act permitting exceptions for routine farming  and ranching activities. Basically, complied to what we thought the  rule was before the Supreme Court decisions almost a decade ago.   In addition to the indirect costs of regulatory uncertainty, the loss  of clean water protections will have significant economic consequences  for outdoor recreation, which supports $788 billion in consumer  spending and more than 5 million jobs in the United States annually.  Wetlands do not just provide habitat for wildlife and trail and  fisheries that enhance outdoor recreational opportunities; they also  clean water for farmers that drive our economy through production of  food.  [[Page S1879]]    In order to protect our resources in our new reality, we must enforce  the Federal authorities left that protect clean water, support States  strengthening their own laws and regulations, and take action to  restore protections. In addition, clean water infrastructure grant  programs such as the Clean Water State Revolving Fund and nonregulatory  coastal habitat restoration programs like the Coastal Program offer  resources to support States, Tribes, and NGOs, restoring wetlands in  their own best interests.   Water pollution has never respected political boundaries. Our  constituents all rely on clean water for drinking, swimming, fishing,  irrigation, and more. I urge my colleagues to consider the seriousness  of this setback and let us work together to mitigate the damage of this  decision.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   