 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise in strong opposition to S. Res.  43 that we will be voting on today.   The reason for that is that we have to be very clear as to what is  happening in America right now. Today, while the very wealthiest people  in our country are becoming much wealthier, over 60 percent of  Americans are living paycheck-to-paycheck, and many are working for  starvation wages and under really bad working conditions.   In America today, while CEOs are making nearly 350 times as much as  their average workers, tens of millions of our people in every State in  this country are struggling to pay the rent, to pay for the childcare  they need, to pay for healthcare, to pay for prescription drugs, and to  put food on the table.   That is the reality of America today. And while that is true for  people of all ages, it is especially true for our younger people, who,  by the way, if we don't change the nature of our economy soon, will  have, for the first time in the modern history of America, a lower  standard of living than their parents.   If we lived in a nation with a rational set of priorities, we would  not be giving more tax breaks to billionaires and large corporations,  as many of my Republican colleagues want--not at a time when we have  more income and wealth inequality than we have ever had; we would not  be spending, in my view, $900 billion on the military while the  military-industrial complex makes huge profits and has cost overruns  and while the Pentagon is not even audited.   What we would be doing, in fact, if we had a rational set of  priorities, like a number of other countries around the world are  doing, is to understand that the future of our country rests with the  young people in America. That is where our future is.   Once we understand that, we would be doing everything possible to  make sure every young person in this country, regardless of income,  receives the best quality education our Nation can provide. That is  what we would be doing if we wanted this country to succeed.   Our goal must be to make sure that we have the best educated  workforce in the world in a highly competitive global economy. I would  point out that that is not only important for individuals, for the  young people themselves, it is vital for the future of our country.   Everybody understands that if you have a poorly armed and poorly  trained military, they don't win battles. Well,  [[Page S5526]]  if you have a poorly educated population in a radically changing world  economy, depending more and more on technology--if you don't have a  well-educated workforce, our economy is not going to succeed in this  global economy.   In 1990, the United States led the world in terms of the percentage  of young people between the ages of 25 and 34 with college degrees. We  led the world in 1990. Today, we are in 15th place--not No. 1, not No.  5, not No. 10. We are in 15th place behind countries like South Korea,  Canada, Ireland, Australia, the Netherlands, and Belgium. Fifteenth  place for the richest country on Earth should not be the place we are  in if we are concerned about the future of this country and the need  for a well-educated population.   Over 40 years ago, a Federal Pell grant paid for over 80 percent of  tuition, fees, and room and board at a 4-year public college, but  today, because of massive cutbacks in education, Pell grants cover less  than a third of those expenses. Forty years ago, it covered 80 percent;  today, less than a third. That is a major reason why more than 45  million Americans are drowning in over $1.7 trillion in student debt.   I am sure it is true in Nevada, and I am sure it is true in Vermont,  and I am sure it is true in Louisiana. We have hundreds of thousands of  bright young people who have the ability to get a college degree or to  get a good trade certificate, but they cannot afford to do so. How  absurd is that?   If we love this country and we are concerned about the future, to say  to young people ``You are bright, you are smart, you did well in high  school, but you come from a lower income family. Too bad you can't  afford to go out and become a teacher or a doctor or an engineer. Too  bad''--I think that is absurd.   Let's be clear. We don't just need more 4-year college graduates; we  need more welders and electricians and plumbers and pipefitters and  carpenters and electricians. Amazingly enough, as the Presiding Officer  well knows, this Congress passed a recordbreaking amount of money to  rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. That is the good news. I think  almost everybody is proud of that. The bad news is, we don't have the  workers to do the work, to build the bridges and the sewer systems we  need and the water plants. We spend huge amounts of money on dealing  with the existential threat of climate change, but we don't have the  workers to help us with solar and wind and other forms of sustainable  energy.   In my view--and obviously I speak only for myself, not the  President--my view is that if we had a rational set of priorities in  this country, rather than worrying about tax breaks for billionaires  and for Wall Street, what we would do is make all public colleges and  universities in this country tuition-free and cancel all student debt.  That is what I think we should do that would be rational.   A hundred years ago, people thought and said, you know what, it is  unfair that working-class kids can't go to high school. They are  working in factories. They are working on farms and working in the  fields. People thought and said, you know what, we need to make public  education free. And they did it. So, today, any kid in America in any  State in America can walk into a public school--doesn't matter whether  you are rich or poor--you get the best education that system can  provide.   The world has changed over 100 years, and what was good 100 years ago  or 50 years ago in terms of a high school degree has changed, and we  need, in my view, to make public colleges and universities tuition- free.   By the way, what we are seeing all over the country, in this State  and that State and this city, is a movement in that direction. I  applaud all those public officials around the country whose States and  cities are moving in that direction--making community colleges tuition- free, public colleges tuition-free.   But what I would like to see happen is not what the President's plan  is about--not at all. But this is what the President's plan does do: It  cuts student loan payments in half for Americans who have taken out  undergraduate loans. In fact, under the President's SAVE Plan, student  loan borrowers will be seeing their monthly payments reduced from 10  percent of their income down to just 5 percent.   Further, the President's plan eliminates monthly student loan  payments entirely for people who are earning less than $15 an hour, and  it gives student loan borrowers the ability to wipe out or to  substantially reduce their student loan debt over a 10-year period.   If Senator Cassidy's resolution is enacted, it would repeal President  Biden's plan, and it would eliminate student debt relief for more than  5 million Americans who desperately need it. That would be absolutely  unacceptable.   My Republican colleagues tell you that they want to repeal the  President's student loan plan because it costs too much money; we just  can't afford it. Well, I am not going to deny that it does cost a lot  of money. But what I find amusing is that when we are saying we need to  help working-class and lower income young people, what my Republican  colleagues say is ``We can't afford to do that, but what we can do is  vote to give away over $1 trillion in tax breaks to the top 1 percent  and large corporations'' when former President Trump was in office-- without paying for it.   We can't help young people with their student debt, but we can give  tax breaks to the richest people in this country and large, profitable  corporations.   So if we can afford to provide trillions of dollars in tax breaks and  corporate welfare to the wealthiest people in this country and to the  largest corporations, we can help out millions and millions of young  people in this country.   I have talked to young people who say: You know what, we can't afford  to get a home of our own. We can't afford to even buy a car. We were  thinking about having kids; we can't even afford to do that.   So I think we have to get our priorities right and understand that a  vote for this resolution would deny student debt relief to millions of  Americans across every State and across every congressional district. A  vote for this resolution would place millions of Americans at risk of  eventual delinquency and default on their student loans. We cannot  allow that to happen.   I urge my colleagues to vote against this resolution.   I yield the floor.   