 Madam President, I join with my overwhelming bipartisan  majority of Senators and House colleagues in delivering a message of  unwavering support for our friends in Israel. And I want to  congratulate my friend, the senior Senator from Oklahoma, for his very  fine speech just now and to associate myself with every single remark  that he made, and I congratulate him on making it so eloquently.   We have all seen the devastation from Hamas's brutal attacks. We need  to send this clear signal from both sides of the aisle and both ends of  this building: Israel has the right to self-defense, just as we in  America deserve a right to self-defense, and Israel is entitled to our  full support. The weeks ahead will require decisive action from  Congress and decisive action from the White House. We must ensure our  allies are armed to the teeth as they enter what amounts to a Hamas  fortress across the border in Gaza.   They must also receive the tools they need to keep Hezbollah in the  north and the Palestinian-Islamic jihad at bay. And we must stand  united against Hamas's patron, the Islamic Republic of Iran. Israel  needs more Tamir interceptor missiles for the Iron Dome system. They  need them immediately. We have several hundred in inventory, and the  administration should use its drawdown authority immediately to send  these missiles without delay. We need to pass a supplemental  appropriations bill to accelerate Tamir production in Israel, even as  the United States builds our own Tamir manufacturing capability here in  the United States by 2025.   Congress should also support the delivery and production of more  precision-guided munitions and ammunition for Israeli ground forces, as  well as expansive intelligence sharing. And there are many questions  about intelligence failures and shortcomings leading up to this  terrorist attack.   This episode, again, highlights that our national defense is far  behind where it should be. Some of us have been raising this point for  a long time. I have been making this point long before I was able to  become ranking member of the Armed Services Committee.   The administration needs to send Congress a funding request that  fully resources the U.S. military for a rapidly worsening threat  environment in Israel and the Middle East and Ukraine and Europe and in  the Western Pacific.   For over seven-and-a-half decades, Israel has made every effort  simply to be a peaceful democracy in a dangerous area of the world.  Hamas wants to end the nation of Israel. That is part of their charter.  It is in writing. That is their goal.   And, you know, our fellow American citizens are also victims of the  Hamas violence. We have lost more than 20 fellow Americans to these  terrorists, and, of course, we know that some are being held captive.  Millions of Americans are praying today that they come home.   The people of Israel know that there can be no return to the pre-war  status quo. The pre-war status quo, the pre-October 7 status quo is  over. Israel must now destroy Hamas, no matter how long it takes.   As it pursues this goal, no nation should give Hamas terrorists safe  haven. Iran should not give Hamas terrorists safe haven. Tehran's  support for this war makes one thing clear: We successfully deter bad  actors only through unmistakable signals of American strength. We need  to return to the maximum pressure policies of the previous Trump  administration, and we can match that financial pressure with a  heightened defense posture in the region.   We must also examine why Iran and its proxies believe they can get  away with this heinous massacre. We know, for example, that the Biden  administration's Iran policy--and this pains me to say, Madam  President--the Iran policy was led by individuals who were actually  part of an Iranian Government information operation. One of those  individuals has been relieved. Another of those individuals, Dr. Ariane  Tabatabai, inexplicably remains in the Office of the Secretary of  Defense. Thirty Senators have joined me in a letter asking for answers  on this. We need answers now on why this is still allowed to happen and  what steps the administration will take to remediate it.   We should support the continued Arab-Israeli peace efforts, which  President Trump initiated through the Abraham Accords. While I disagree  with many of the Biden administration's Middle East policies, I  strongly support the recent Saudi-Israeli peace initiative. Hamas  clearly hopes their terrorist attacks will grind this process to a  halt.   I am grateful that many of our Arab partners, in the face of extreme  pressure and hardship, still see the true nature of Hamas today. They  understand that Hamas is an Iranian-backed terrorist organization who  wants to wipe Israel off the face of the map. Many of our Arab partners  have fought and defeated similar organizations like Hamas within their  own borders.   So I urge the Biden administration today to emphasize the shared  Arab-Israeli interest in Hamas's defeat so that Arab-Israeli peace  efforts can continue to progress.   Finally, let me say this. I can state with confidence that the people  of my State are with Israel. My office has received a remarkable  outpouring of support for Israel from the people across Mississippi. We  express that support in word and deed.   The three flagship Navy corvettes of the Israeli battle fleet were  built by the skilled craftsmen of our Mississippi shipyards. Think  about that. Mississippi-made hulls, carrying the flag of the Star of  David, are being used to protect the Israeli people from further  attack. It is just one example of our common cause.   With the people of Mississippi and with the overwhelming majority of  Senators on both sides of the aisle, I call upon all of us to stand  united in support of an Israeli victory.   