 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the amendment that I have here fully defunds  the Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable  Energy.   The FY23 omnibus gave this office $3.5 billion, and while the  underlying bill and rule cut funding down to $2 billion, we believe we  ought to defund it entirely.   That is particularly true coming on the heels of the $1.2 trillion,  if you believe the media accounting and reports on the impact of the  so-called Inflation Reduction Act. We believe this is additional  spending that the American people do not need.   Let the market do what the market is going to do. If people want to  go out and get electronic vehicles, and people want to go out and spend  their money on something, good for them, great.   This office continues to be funded to continue to perpetuate this  when the office's mission is ``to equitably transition America to net- zero greenhouse gas emissions economy-wide by no later than 2050,''  which is a fool's errand.   We are undermining our own national security and undermining our own  economy in the process, making us beholden to China and undermining our  ability to actually have a serious policy in the Middle East, by the  way. Right now, we don't even have sanctions in place. We are allowing  Iran to make billions of dollars, upward of $30 billion to $60 billion,  depending on what reports you look at, on exporting oil to China. We  have totally blown it with Saudi Arabia, which has created the  environment that we are now dealing with in the Middle East, all while  this administration, by the way, dumped the Strategic Petroleum  Reserve, all of this while pursuing this foolish energy policy, which  is undermining our own national security and economy.   Now, we are going to go ahead and say, sure, let's appropriate  another, in this case, $2 billion for the Office of Energy Efficiency  and Renewable Energy. We don't need to be doing this. Let the American  people go sort this out.   We say that we are going to subsidize wind and solar because it is  supposedly enhanced reliability. Tell that to the people of Texas.  Texas has more wind than any other State in the country.  [[Page H5089]]  Thumbs up. That is great. Say that to all the people who are wondering  whether they are going to have power because the grid in Texas is  getting dangerously close to not having the ability to sustain. The  only reason we are able to sustain it is because Texas is trying to  push and hold up the coal and the gas-fired plants that actually  provide reliable energy.   We are subsidizing the unreliable energy at the expense of the  reliable energy. Instead of building nuclear power, instead of making  sure a gas-fired plant is sitting there ready to roll--there is no  investment in any of the projects going on into Texas' gas-fired  plants. American, Texas gas that we should, by the way, be exporting  around the world, including to Europe. Instead, we are undermining our  very grid, our own reliable energy, and we are undermining our ability  to compete in the world.   I suggest that this money would be better spent, especially when, I  don't know, the last time I checked we had $2 trillion in deficits.   What are we spending our money on? Seriously, how are we actually  going to balance our budget and eliminate deficits when we keep  spending money on projects like this?   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, while I thank my friend and colleague and I  appreciate the fact that through his work and the work of Republicans,  we did reduce it by $1.5 billion, but there remains another $2 billion  of funding.   I say to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: How are we going  to ever balance the budget when we continue to fund things like this?   That is my question. Why don't we pay for this, then? Can we at least  pay for this out of something? Why don't we pay for this out of the  Inflation Reduction Act? Why don't we pay for it by eliminating some of  the IRS agents that got expanded?   Tell me. Go to the American people and say, what would you like to  give up to pay for that? That is what I would like to know. I would  like to know for the American people: What would you give up in order  to pay for $2 billion of more of this kind of subsidy?   By the way, in the Inflation Reduction Act, 90 percent of the  subsidies go to corporations making over a billion dollars.   Mr. Chair, 78 percent of electric vehicle tax credits are claimed by  Americans making over $100,000. Couples making up to $300,000 are still  eligible.   These subsidies could make wind and solar account for nearly 60  percent of U.S. electricity generation by 2050, which might sound fine  in unicorn land, but for the people who need reliable energy on a  cloudy, windless day, we might actually want to have gas or coal or  nuclear.   By the way, all of this subsidizes the heck out of China. We are  talking about making us not reliant on foreign energy sources.   Well, what about China? China is the one producing most of these  solar panels and a lot of the battery elements. Why are we continuing  to do that?   I suggest that that is a waste of taxpayer money, it is unpaid for,  and we shouldn't continue to perpetuate it.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   