 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, may I  say that I appreciate that Senator Scott would like to accelerate  disaster aid to his home State. But let me observe that disasters have  taken place not only in Florida but in the Presiding Officer's home  State of Hawaii, in Vermont, in New York, in Louisiana, and other  States as well.   And in response to that, what President Biden did was made a request  to Congress in August to pass a comprehensive emergency supplemental  that includes an increase in funding for FEMA's Disaster Relief Fund.  It also includes $45 million for the Department of Ag and $15 million  for the Department of Interior to support more than 20,000 firefighters  who are out there braving this explosion in new wildfires that are  taking place across our country.   This is driven by climate change. Let's be clear about that. We have  had 14 named storms so far in the 2023 hurricane season. If you look  back at last year, weather-related damage in the United States topped  165 billion. We have had testimony in my Budget Committee from OMB that  climate change will cost the Federal budget $2 trillion per year.   We cannot address this piecemeal, and we cannot address it only by  providing disaster relief and not doing anything useful to head off  these risks. Some of these are what economists call systemic risks.  ``Systemic'' doesn't sound like it is a very big word, but what it  means is the risk cascades out of the area where the economic harm is  taking place to trash the whole economy. Just the way the 2008 mortgage  meltdown didn't just trash the banks that had the bad mortgages, it  took down the whole U.S. economy--that is predicted for coastal  property value crash; that is predicted for a wildfire uninsurability  crash; that is predicted for a carbon bubble crash.   And the insurance meltdown has already begun in Florida, in  Louisiana, and in Texas. So the warning signs of another 2008-scale  financial crisis are already flashing red. And behind those immediate  warning signs looms the collapse of Earth's basic natural operating  systems that science has predicted for decades and with real precision.   We need to do a lot more than just clean up. We do need to clean up  the disasters, but we also need to get the predisaster preparation  resources in because we know this is coming, and we know it is getting  worse. And we absolutely need to head off the root cause of all of  this, which is fossil fuel emissions choking our atmosphere with  greenhouse gases, heating up the Earth, and causing us to spin out from  basic conditions of habitability of the Earth that have existed for  tens of thousands of years.   So what we should do is pass the continuing resolution with full  funding for the President's supplemental request for FEMA's Disaster  Relief Fund, for the Department of Agriculture firefighter money, for  the Department of Interior firefighter money, and while we are at it,  because President Zelenskyy was here today, I will also add that it is  really important to continue to support Ukraine.   For those reasons, I will object.    Mr. President, this year, with full bipartisan  support, the Senate Budget Committee issued its first subpoena in more  than 30 years.   Ranking Member Grassley has just recounted how his office received  credible information about Credit Suisse's historical servicing of Nazi  clients and their enablers, and the Budget Committee responded by  issuing a subpoena compelling the production of relevant documents.   Senator Grassley and his team brought this request to me and my team,  and I thank him for bringing this to the committee and for his  commitment to pursuing justice for Holocaust survivors and their  families.   When we first launched this investigation, I said and I will say it  again: When presented with credible evidence of Credit Suisse's Nazi  ties, the Budget Committee had an obligation to investigate.   The subpoenaed records shined new light on the extent of Credit  Suisse's Nazi ties, uncovering nearly 100 previously undisclosed Nazi- linked accounts and related information. Our investigation revealed the  servicing of many of those accounts until as recently as 2020.   For all that this investigation revealed, it also raised new  questions about Credit Suisse's role in supporting Nazis fleeing  justice following World War II via so-called ratlines. Because of the  Budget Committee's investigation, Credit Suisse has expanded the scope  of its internal investigation to look into those questions. The bank  has committed to producing followup reports prepared by its forensic  accountants, ombudspersons, and the bank itself in the coming weeks. We  stand ready on the committee to pursue whatever information will fully  shine light into this dark chapter.   I will take this opportunity to talk about the importance of strong  congressional oversight. Many see Congress only as our Nation's  legislative body. While legislating is certainly our most recognizable  function, our oversight and investigative functions are not to be  overlooked.   As the Supreme Court recognized in 1927, ``The power of inquiry with  process to enforce it is an essential and appropriate auxiliary to the  legislative function. . . . A legislative body cannot legislate wisely  or effectively in the absence of information respecting the conditions  which the legislation is intended to affect or change.''   Recently, in the case of Trump v. Mazars, the Supreme Court said of  Congress that ``[w]ithout information, Congress would be shooting in  the dark, unable to legislate wisely or effectively.''   So investigations like ours demonstrate what good congressional  oversight can achieve: advancing transparency, pursuing justice,  ensuring corporate accountability.   Whether it is holding companies responsible for their involvement  with the Nazis, as in this case, or shining light on companies that are  poisoning our planet while making hard-working Americans foot the bill  or just promoting good, transparent corporate citizenship, I pledge, as  chairman of the Budget Committee, to determine who is complicit in the  looming systemic risks to the Federal budget and the U.S. economy.   Especially where we work together across the aisle, we can accomplish  big goals on behalf of the American people. That is why I partnered  with Ranking Member Grassley on this investigation, and that is why our  staffs continue to work together on other investigations.   Senator Grassley, thank you again for bringing this matter to the  committee. Thank you for your passionate pursuit of this issue. I share  your commitment to leaving no stone unturned.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   