 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be recognized  to speak for up to 10 minutes.    Mr. President, my colleagues today have all had the same  concern. That is, while we recognize the need to address the debt limit  that our country is now up against, we also recognize that the defense  of our country is a critical and necessary part of our responsibility  as well.   The concern that many of us have with the proposal right now is that,  in order to raise the debt limit, part of it has a series of conditions  with regard to what happens to the dollars that it takes to actually  defend our country for the next 2 years. We want to be able to raise  the debt limit--we recognize that--but we also have to address the need  for the defense of our country.   Why should we, as a part of the negotiation, be required to look at a  reduction--a reduction--in the amount of dollars necessary for our  young men and women to be able to defend our country?   Within the provisions of this bill, there is a reduction of up to 1  percent of the existing budget if we don't do an appropriations  process. Yet, in order to do the appropriations process, we have to  have 12 separate bills. The 12 separate bills all have to be passed.  Now, the U.S. Senate is not known for necessarily doing anything on  time. Yet here we come up to the end of the fiscal year in October, and  we haven't seen appropriations bills on the floor yet.   What we need to be able to do, rather than to have a 1-percent  reduction in defense, is to have an agreement that we will at least  allow the appropriations bills to go from the Appropriations Committee  to the floor of the Senate so that we can address them up or down, with  the appropriate amendments on them, and have a full discussion but do  it in a timely fashion.   So, No. 1, let's address the debt limit, but let's not penalize our  ability to defend our country--or, perhaps, more appropriately say,  let's not limit the ability of our young men and women in uniform to  defend our country.   My colleagues have done a great job of explaining what happens here  if we don't do our job correctly with regard to this particular bill.  No. 1, if we go to a continuing resolution, our defense budget goes  down; but, No. 2, under the provisions of this bill, the nondefense  portions of this budget could actually go up. So there is an  incentive--an unfair incentive--built into this to spend more on  domestic programs and to spend less to defend our country, which is our  primary responsibility.   How do we fix it at this late stage of the game?   No. 1, there are supplementals that are absolutely necessary. We have  aggressive authoritarians throughout the world who are right now  looking to see whether or not we are prepared to support our allies and  those individuals who are on the front lines. This is specifically in  Ukraine, specifically looking, as well, in the South Pacific, and  looking at Taiwan and doing our best to turn Taiwan into a porcupine to  make it much less of a possibility that China will invade Taiwan.   The other piece of this, along with that, is that we have to do an  appropriations process where we actually get a chance to look at the  Defense bill and our other appropriations bills in a timely fashion so  that we do not have a continuing resolution in which the defense of our  country loses ground,  [[Page S1866]]  making it more vulnerable or our country more vulnerable and a more  challenging job for the young men and women who wear the uniform of  this country.   With that, I just want to say thank you to my colleagues who have  laid out some great numbers for all of us and who clearly have laid out  a path forward: a commitment by leadership that the appropriations  process be completed in a timely fashion and a recognition that  supplemental funding will be necessary to confront aggressive  authoritarians throughout the world.   I yield the floor.   