 Madam Speaker, I rise this morning to  welcome everyone back to Congress, where hopefully we will get  something done.   There was an ominous note sent by the Speaker earlier in a press  conference that there will be an impeachment proceeding, an inquiry. I  don't think that is what the American people are ready for back home.   They also said that they are here to shut down government. We need to  shut down government? What the American people need is what everyone  gave speeches about yesterday, talking about how after September 11 we  all came together as a country and focused on what needs to be done.   I have a great suggestion for you. How about we fix Social Security  for the Americans that need it. We talk to the veterans and we talk to  all the individuals who were first responders and tell them how much we  appreciate what they do, but then we never vote that way in Congress.   It has been 52 years since Congress has done anything to enhance  Social Security. It has been 52 years and no action. How about we do  something unique in this body and get a vote on Social Security.   Every Member has a Social Security card. You know exactly how many of  your constituents receive a Social Security check, something that is an  earned benefit, something that they have paid for and worked all their  lives.   Yet, we are content here in this body to let 5 million fellow  Americans in all your districts, 5 million Americans get a below- poverty level check from the Federal Government when what they need is  subsistence to survive.   How about we get together as a body and come together and enhance the  greatest insurance program in the Nation's history, the number one  anti-poverty program for the elderly, and the number one anti-poverty  for children. There are 10,000 baby boomers a day--if you are out  there, baby boomers, call your Members and ask them to take a vote on  Social Security.   Look at your pay stub. It says FICA, Federal Insurance Contributions.  Whose? Yours. And this Congress hasn't done anything for 52 years. It  is long overdue. Think of this as an economic development. If you think  this is socialism, think about all the constituents in your district  that are going to get a paycheck. Think about the economic activity.  Where do they spend that money? Right back in your district.   They need your help. The Nation needs your help. We need to come  together and unite and enhance Social Security, not just protect it,  not cut it, as some have suggested, but to actually protect and expand  the Nation's number one program that helps the elderly and helps our  children of this great country of ours.   