 Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the Senate, I  come to report to you on some of the activities I did during the August  break and what Iowans were telling me.   On August 29, I completed my annual 99 county meetings for the 43rd  year in a row. My decades-long practice is a part of my commitment to  the people of Iowa to keep in touch with them because representative  government is a two-way street. Those of us elected to the Senate and  the House are one-half of the process, and my constituents are the  other half of that process.   Holding at least one Q&A in every county every year is one way that I  foster dialogue. No matter the setting, the format is the same: My Iowa  constituents set the agenda.   I have spent the last 5 weeks, while the Senate was not in session,  convening with Iowans in every corner of the State with nearly 40 Q&As  that I had with those constituents in those counties. From factory  floors and rural hospitals to town meetings, Iowans shared their point  of view with me. Now, I am bringing their concerns to my colleagues  here in the Congress. Even though you don't represent Iowans, you need  to know what they are telling me.   One consistent theme that I gathered from my meetings: Iowans are fed  up with soaring inflation and high interest rates. The Biden economy is  not working for Iowans. Contrary to the sales pitch parroted by this  administration, Iowans aren't buying the Biden economy.   From the feedback I got at my county meetings, the so-called  Bidenomics ``rebuilding our economy from the bottom up and the middle  out'' is not working as Iowans see it. Iowans are emptying their  pocketbooks just to make ends meet.   I heard from Iowa families about the high cost of groceries at their  supermarkets and the pain that they are feeling each time they fill up  their gas tank.   The administration's assault on fossil fuels and lackluster support  for homegrown biofuels isn't helping. Young Americans, as well as young  Iowans, in particular, are concerned about the record high mortgage  rates hindering homeownership. Iowans work hard, but the Biden economy  is hardly working for them.   Another issue that Iowans are especially attuned to, as you would  expect because we are a great agricultural State, is the timing of the  upcoming farm bill. I held a meeting with Lamoni Food Pantry to learn  about their nutrition services there in Decatur County. And they were  also concerned about the SNAP program within the farm bill.   I also met with egg producers, pork producers, dairy producers, and  cattlemen at the Iowa State Fair, and their message was very clear:  Farmers need certainty and a farm bill should be passed as soon as  possible.   I look forward to working in a bipartisan way to deliver a farm bill  to the American people. After my 99th county meeting, I celebrated, as  usually I do, with a Snickers Blizzard at the Dairy Queen in Onawa, IA.  All this doesn't mean that my work is over because I am going to  continue, between now and the end of the year, to hold more Q&As  throughout this period of time. And I hope to see my fellow Iowans soon  at football games, businesses large and small, or a Dairy Queen near  any one of them.   I yield the floor.    What am I doing?    Well, so far I have been lucky enough to keep them  open. As far as I know, there is only one that closed in the last 12  months in Iowa.  [[Page S4224]]        