 Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for yielding and  recognizing me.   Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposition to the Republicans' energy  bill.   I have deep concerns about this package overall in terms of its  attack on our bedrock environmental laws. As a Marylander, I am  particularly alarmed at changes to section 401 certifications under the  Clean Water Act, which would endanger the health of the Chesapeake Bay.   To protect our environment and public health, States need to have the  authority and tools to regulate pollution in their waters. One section  of this bill would narrow States' ability to regulate pollution sources  that impact downstream water quality.   This bill would also restrict the conditions and limitations that a  State could place on clean water certification, further hampering a  State's means of protecting its waters.   That has grave implications for a State's ability to set limits on  how much of a particular pollutant a water body can accept while still  meeting the State's overall water quality standards. These limits,  known as total maximum daily loads, or TMDLs, are required to restore  waters impaired by pollution, which is the case for the Chesapeake Bay  and most of its tributaries.   That is why I filed an amendment, along with Congressman  Bobby  Scott, to ensure that this energy bill would not impact a State's  authority to establish or implement a State-approved TMDL for an  impaired waterway. Unfortunately, Republicans did not allow for this  amendment to be offered on the floor today.   As this bill strips away environmental and public health protections  across the board, we don't even have the most basic assurances that  States will be able to design and execute their own plans to reduce  waterway pollution.    For the Chesapeake Bay, this could be disastrous. The TMDLs are the  guides by which the seven watershed jurisdictions work with EPA to  continue making progress on the larger Chesapeake Bay Agreement.   It is gross negligence, as a matter of legislation, to roll back  these key protections for these bodies of water.  [[Page H1553]]  Tragically, rolling back these protections is the chief goal of this  bill. That is what it is all about. For that reason, I encourage all of  my colleagues to oppose it.   