 I have an amendment at the desk made in order by the  rule.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, this amendment is intended to further bipartisan  efforts to streamline the environmental permitting process by applying  one Federal decision to certain pipeline safety actions.   Agencies such as the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety  Administration can be required to undertake lengthy and burdensome  Federal environmental reviews that can take several months, and often  times, even years to complete.   As a result, essential safety and energy actions are stalled or  sometimes completely stopped, which can limit our energy resources,  limit our ability to be energy independent, and unnecessarily create  scarcities, higher prices, and threats to the safety and health of our  citizens.   This amendment represents just another step toward eliminating these  problems. It sets reasonable goals for reviewing the environmental  impacts of certain pipeline safety actions. Specifically, it limits the  review time to 2 years, consolidates Federal reviews into one  streamlined process and document, and removes unnecessary delays in  making final agency decisions.   This amendment builds on bipartisan support and precedent for  requiring agencies to undertake one Federal decision when reviewing the  potential environmental impacts of the Federal action. Similar efforts  have been signed into law, including for Federal reviews of highway  projects as part of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act signed  by President Biden in 2021.   It is recognized that through one Federal decision, we can sensibly  streamline energy and energy safety projects, including pipelines,  without compromising environmental protections.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of my amendment and the underlying bill,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Graves), who is the chair of the Aviation  Subcommittee on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.    Mr. Chairman, this important amendment simply builds  off existing bipartisan efforts to sensibly streamline environmental  reviews by applying one Federal decision to certain pipeline projects  as my friend from Louisiana indicated.   At a time when our domestic energy independence is suffering and  energy prices are increasing, we must look for ways to support our  energy safety, infrastructure, and production.   This amendment represents one way of doing that. It does not remove  or alter environmental protections, rather it merely streamlines the  process and consolidates essential government agencies and  decisionmaking under one Federal decision.   To reiterate what Mr. Graves said, it really defies explanation that  my friend from the other side would oppose this, given the fact that he  just voted for it in the Infrastructure Investment Act.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of this amendment and the underlying bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   