 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support today of H.R. 2, the  Secure the Border Act of 2023. For years, we have heard from this  administration, we have heard from our colleagues across the aisle that  we are imagining a border crisis. There is nothing to see. Everything  is fine on our southern border.   We are not imagining an increase in human trafficking. We are not  imagining the dramatic escalation of fentanyl and fentanyl poisoning in  our country. We are not imagining 5 million people who have entered  this country illegally, the 1.2 million got-aways, or the nearly 100  people that were on the terrorist watch list since this President took  office. We are not imagining a border crisis.   Cartels are making $13 billion a year off of smuggling people into  this country. We are destabilizing an entire country because we are  failing to act. This doesn't include what they are making off the drugs  they smuggle either. This, quite simply, Mr. Speaker, is  unconscionable.   While we are bankrolling the cartels, we are bankrupting our country.  I visited the southern border, and I wish that more of my colleagues  across the aisle would have done the same. Because when you go down  there and you listen to farmers, ranchers, family members, hospital  systems, people all over from every walk of life, they say the same  thing when we asked them at our hearing: Is the border secure?   The resounding answer from the entire crowd of several hundred was  no.   Do you feel safe in your community?   No again.   We see this time and time again from this administration where they  have failed to act and put our Nation in jeopardy. This crisis is a  drain on law enforcement. It is a drain on hospitals. It is a drain on  taxpayers and resources across the board.    South Carolina is 2,000 miles away from the border, but we, like  every single State, are a border State. We see the fentanyl in our  communities. We see what is happening on the southern border. We see  what is going on in our neighborhoods across this country. Our entire  Nation is dealing with the effects of Joe Biden's border crisis.   It is the Federal Government's primary responsibility to protect our  Nation and secure our borders, but that is not happening.   We must resume construction of the wall. We must hire more Border  Patrol agents. We must end catch and release.   Mr. Speaker, we must pass this bill.   