 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my friend and  colleague, Mr. Weber, for gathering us all here today in commemoration  of one of my favorite holidays, Texas Independence Day. It is a great  day to celebrate.   On March 2, 1836, a group of brave Texans adopted the Texas  Declaration of Independence to create the Republic of Texas.   This occurred in the midst of one of the greatest sacrificial stands  for liberty in American history, the battle of the Alamo, that famously  lasted 13 days and cost the lives of all combatants who were inside  those walls.   ``Remember the Alamo'' was the cry that day that went out that  inspired our Texans to victory and propelled us to liberty in this  great State.   The story of freedom for Texas mirrors the story of freedom for the  United States. It was borne out of selfless sacrifice by so many  looking for a better life, looking to carve out a better life for their  families, a life that they could make with their own hands, with their  decisions, with government out of the way.   Freedom will always find a way, and there are always those who will  rise to the occasion when the time comes. I am certain of that. We see  many of those here today that are rising to the occasion to speak for  liberty and to speak for freedom, just as those Texans did a long time  ago.   With gratitude to so many from outside Texas who made that dream a  reality, especially those who volunteered from Kentucky and from  Tennessee, we celebrate the day Texas declared its independence. We  share it with those who gratefully gave and graciously gave to Texas  during that time. We honor their sacrifices and those of so many more  who made it possible in the generations afterward.   Texans are tough-minded, kindhearted, and hardworking. They have a  deep love for our Lord, service to one another, and working to better  their community.   These are the values of Texas. They are the values I was raised with  and the values I am proud to pass down to my four children.   I am extremely proud to represent the First District of Texas, the  only State in the Union to have been its own republic.   So happy Independence Day, Texas, and God bless you in the years to  come.  [[Page H907]]        