 Mr. President, last Friday, during the annual March for  Life, it was once again encouraging to see tens of thousands of young  Americans travel to the National Mall to show their support for the  most important human rights issue of our time: the right to life.   This year, we celebrate the 50th year that the March for Life has  taken place, marking a significant, multigenerational milestone for  this celebration of the sanctity of life. The fact that this event is  now in its 50th year is a testament to the truth and justice of our  mission.   I thank and congratulate everyone who kept this movement alive for  the past five decades, and I especially want to thank all the brave  pro-life Americans who made their voices heard as part of the March for  Life.   For half a century now, Americans have brought their voices to  Washington to halt the mass elective abortions of perhaps a million  unborn American lives every year in our Nation.   Abortion is not a political issue to me; it is a human rights issue.  And this is not a political battle we fight but, rather, the tip of the  spear in a spiritual battle for the heart and soul of this Nation.   This year's momentous March for Life truly was a celebration, as our  Nation's Supreme Court has finally freed us from the undemocratic, pro- abortion decision forced on the American people in 1973. My prayer is  that our God will heal the emotional and physical wounds that were  ripped open across this Nation by this ruling.   As we celebrate this victory for life, all of us should pause and  thank God for giving us a majority of Supreme Court Justices who had  the courage to overturn Roe v. Wade. This Supreme Court, by an  overwhelming 6-to-3 ruling, defied the left's mob-style intimidation  tactics, and in too many extreme cases, they overcame even the vile  threats on their lives as well as on their families' safety and  privacy.   The Court's majority stuck to constitutional principles and cast  aside the pro-abortion status quo even in the face of threats by the  current Senate majority party and its current majority leader. The way  our Justices stood up to the opposition represents true leadership and  the very best of America.   Let us commend our Republican Senate leader and the Senators who  fought for the lives of the unborn, who, when we had control of the  White House and the Senate, had the courage, the fortitude, the  willpower, and the know-how to shepherd three principled Justices  through the confirmation process and ascend to the highest Court in the  land.   This tremendous lifegiving decision also would not have happened  without Mississippi Attorney General Lynn Fitch and her team, who  championed their State's pro-life law. They forever etched their place  in history.   The rights and lives of millions of American human beings are now  protected as a result of the Dobbs decision.   As an obstetrician, I had the honor and privilege to deliver over  5,000 babies, and I want all those who stood tall in the March for Life  last Friday to know that, just like I fought for those babies in the  delivery room, I am going to continue the fight beside you to protect  the sanctity of life and to show our Nation that Congress values these  precious lives as well.   At the Federal level, we, of course, have much more work to do on  this issue. We must continue to ensure taxpayer dollars do not fund  abortions so millions of Americans are not forced to violate our own  beliefs.   We must combat this administration's effort to remove conscience  protections for medical professionals--doctors, nurses, ultrasound  techs, and so many others--who object to participating in abortion.   Perhaps most urgently, we must reimplement safety restrictions on the  abortion pill. This unprecedented mass distribution of this pill by  mail and over the counter that this administration is pushing will lead  to thousands of women using it incorrectly, causing medical  emergencies, possibly deaths and fetal malformations. If you don't  believe this can happen, I just encourage you to spend some time in our  emergency rooms, where I and many other doctors treat numerous women  suffering complications from the abortion pill. Most of these patients  are completely unaware of the potential side effects. Many are  misdiagnosed or perhaps victims of just a horrible guess at the  gestational age of the unborn baby.   But I think it is also important that we as a party and Congress also  work to further support legislation to provide resources to moms and  babies in need. This help would include more access to long-term  nutritional, educational, economic, and social support, as well as  healthcare. We must find more compassionate and effective ways to  better encourage pregnant women who are contemplating abortion to  choose life instead. We need to open the doors to pregnancy crisis  centers for assistance throughout and, very importantly, after  the pregnancy. Despite violent attacks, acts of vandalism, and harmful  misinformation directed at these centers, they continue to provide  [[Page S70]]  critically needed services to women all across this country.    I am also committed to dispelling the left's malicious lies about  ectopic pregnancies in the aftermath of the Dobbs decision. As someone  who understands the science and practiced obstetrics for over 25 years  and, frankly, treated hundreds of women with ectopic pregnancies, I  want to state that I agree with the United States Conference of  Catholic Bishops. We always have and always will support the treatment  of women suffering from the always-life-threatening condition of an  ectopic pregnancy. The radical activists, who wildly claim ectopic  pregnancies will be left untreated because of this Court decision, are  simply misinformed and dangerously practice fearmongering tactics. For  a physician to not treat ectopic pregnancies would be, No. 1,  unethical, as well as, No. 2, below the standard of care for every  community in America.   Let me close by saying once again, thanks to all of you, the tens of  thousands of Americans who participated in the 50th March for Life, for  courageously and tirelessly fighting for life. Each and every one of  you is my encouragement. You give me the strength and hope to wake up  every day and join my fellow pro-life Senators and millions of pro-life  Americans to fight to protect the sanctity of life. Your being here,  praying together, marching side by side, arm to arm, you strengthen my  resolve, and you can count on me to tirelessly fight to defend and  secure the right to life for all human beings.   I yield the floor.   