 Madam President, I support the nomination of Glenna  Wright-Gallo to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and  Rehabilitative Services at the Department of Education. Ms. Wright- Gallo has more than 25 years of public education experience supporting  students with disabilities and 16 years of experience as a policy  leader in State special education programs. She is currently a guest  instructor at the Clark County School District in Las Vegas, NV. Before  that, she served as the Assistant Superintendent of Special Education  Services for the Office of the Superintendent of Public Instruction-- OSPI--in Washington State. During her tenure, she successfully secured  an additional $155 million for state special education programs, $37  million for improvement of statewide inclusionary practices, $12  million for paraeducator training, and $60,000 to reduce the use of  restraint and seclusion.   Prior to her position at OSPI, Ms. Gallo spent 7 years as the State  director of special education for the Utah State Board of Education.  She has also twice served as the president of the National Association  of State Directors of Education.   Earlier this year, the Committee on Senate Health, Education, Labor,  and Pensions, which I chair, reported her out of committee by a  bipartisan vote. Ms. Wright-Gallo is a strong, dedicated advocate for  special education services and supports and understands the unique  challenges that children and youth with disabilities face. She will  make an excellent Assistant Secretary, and I urge my colleagues to  support her nomination.    Reserving the right to object.    Senator Hagerty's bill aims to expand the use of title  42 to restrict the entry of people and goods from countries where  ``substantial'' drug smuggling exists.   I am very concerned about the increased use of fentanyl in this  country. Everybody is. As you just heard, we have seen over 100,000  Americans die from drug overdoses in the last year alone.  Unfortunately, this isn't the way to address this problem. Title 42 is  a public health authority, and the use of it should be dictated by  public health experts.   Instead of proposing real solutions to address drug trafficking based  on what will keep people safe, some of my Republican colleagues want to  use title 42 as a political stunt to keep out people seeking asylum. I  welcome the opportunity to work with my Republican colleagues on  serious solutions to address drug trafficking. Unfortunately, this is  not one of them.   I object.   