 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, we have spent the better part of the last several  days making clear to the American people that this side of the aisle  wants to see a Department of Defense that is focused on its core  mission, defending the United States of America, rather than divvying  us up by race and dividing us and separating us.   I rise today to ensure that the Department of Defense is focused on  its core mission rather than pursuing the political agenda of climate  change to the detriment of the national security of the United States.   In 2021, Department of Defense spokesman John Kirby refused to say  that China is a bigger national security threat to the United States  than climate change. He called them equally important and said it  doesn't do any good to make a relative assessment of national security  issues.   Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin has said climate change is an  existential threat to our Nation's security.   Next week, Secretary of State John Kerry literally travels to China  to discuss climate change, not China's increased aggression against  Taiwan, not its expansion in the Pacific, not its oppression of its  people, not the fact that they produce two new coal-fired plants per  week on top of the 1,100 they have while we undermine our national  security to pursue the climate-fetish agenda of the other side of the  aisle.   President Biden's executive orders have served as the catalyst for  massive reforms at the Department of Defense that compromise national  security to advance this climate fetish.   The amendment that I offer would prohibit any of the funding in the  National Defense Authorization Act, or that flows from that  authorization, from being used to carry out President Biden's executive  orders on climate change.   The Department of Defense's climate adaptation plan includes radical  proposals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions at the expense of our  warfighting capabilities. According to the plan, the DOD has identified  climate change as a critical national security issue. It mandates  environmental justice because why miss an opportunity to push divisive  ideology?   The DOD says it will transition to 100 percent carbon-free  electricity, meaning America's war machine will literally depend on the  wind and the sun.   No one, including anyone on this side of the aisle, believes that we  shouldn't pursue every advantage and technology to harness energy, no  one. In Texas, we have embraced wind and we have embraced solar, but to  our detriment when we have interfered with the market and interfered  with our ability to have energy at our disposal and at our demand. We  undermine our grid. We undermine our national security. We undermine  reliability. We cause energy prices to go up.   In this case, in the context of the National Defense Authorization  Act, we should not be pursuing this politically motivated climate  fetishization that undermines our national security.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate my colleague for basically making  the case for the very climate fetish that I describe. When he talks  about the need for energy and its existence for national security, my  point is having reliable energy. We have to have energy that is  available and reliable and dependable. That is the whole point.   My colleague talks about nuclear power. Great. I am waiting with  bated breath for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to  embrace and promote and push noncarbon-producing nuclear power.   We haven't generated a new nuclear power plant since when, the 1970s?  [[Page H3584]]  Georgia isn't even off the ground because of Federal regulation and  interference.   The fact is, we are subsidizing and promoting unreliable wind and  solar while subsidizing the hell out of electric vehicles, and my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to use the Defense  Department to continue to promote it, when it engaged in crony  capitalism to enrich a small handful of elitists on the back of the  hardworking American people while we subsidize China and make ourselves  reliable on China for their minerals and what they produce.   It is absolutely astonishing that we would turn over our national  defense capability to China at this point in time to pursue this  radical agenda.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   