 Madam Chair, I wish to raise my voice against H.R. 1,  this bill that has been given the moniker ``polluters over people.'' I  think it is an appropriate moniker, and I will tell you why. It doesn't  create energy independence any more than anything else we are doing in  the energy sector. It doesn't save people money. This is money that  will go into the pockets of Big Oil and big polluters.   We all saw during the pandemic when the price of oil per barrel  leveled off, the price at the pump per gallon kept going up and up and  up, and everybody who was filling up their gas tank and feeling like  they needed to get an onsite mortgage to do it, knew where that money  was going. It was going into the pockets of the oil companies.   You know what else it doesn't do? It doesn't save our government  money. In fact, it costs our government money. $400 million extra this  will add to the annual deficit if we pass this bill, this polluters  over people bill.   You know, the question is: Well, what does it do? Well, it does away,  Madam Chair, with bedrock protections for the things that people count  on the government protecting: clean air, clean water. It does away with  the National Environmental Policy Act almost entirely, and it guts the  Clean Water Act.   This is not what Americans signed up for for their government. In  fact, there are statutes, there are protections that were put in place  during Republican and Democratic administrations over the years. It has  become things that Americans have learned to depend on, to count on,  that the government is going to keep their air and their water clean  for them. This takes that away. It eliminates it.   What else does it do? It is going to cost homeowners money. It takes  away the electrification program that will give them rebates to redoing  the electricity in their house.    Finally, what it does is it throws up the white flag  in our war against climate change. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs in  this country, General Milley, has identified climate change as a threat  to national security, and he is right.   We are in a fight against climate change. This is not the time to  throw up the white flag and run away from a fight. Americans don't do  this. I say stick up for people over the polluters, people over  politics. Vote ``no'' on H.R. 1.   