 Mr. Speaker, for 35 years now I have owned a small  business, giving me significantly more experience as a capitalist than  the vast majority of Members on the other side of the aisle.   As a capitalist, let me tell you, this resolution is plain  ridiculous. It jointly condemns Pol Pot and Norway. I am with you on  the first one. But Norway? Please.   Here is what this is really about. More and more Members on the other  side of the aisle are calling for cuts to Social Security and Medicare,  and many have referred to these programs as socialism throughout their  existence.   The other night in the Rules Committee, they showed their cards.  Republicans refused an amendment to declare that Social Security and  Medicare is not socialism.   This resolution has little to do with intelligent discourse and  everything to do with laying the groundwork to cut Social Security and  Medicare. I support Social Security and Medicare, capitalism, and  Norway. I will be voting ``no.''    Madam Speaker, this is a new low.   The majority party uplifts and seats on committees a Member who has a  history of pathological lying but wants to remove someone who even  Republican Members of Congress admit is a talented member of the  Foreign Affairs Committee.    Madam Speaker, do you want to oust people for what they said?   How about a member of the majority party who has said that Jewish  space lasers set forest fires in California? No. She is seated on a  committee.   Multiple Republican Members have said that prominent Jewish Democrats  essentially bought control of Congress. They are not only given full  congressional privileges, but the majority elects them to GOP  leadership.   Republicans only draw a line when an incredibly productive member of  a committee says something that she has apologized for. That doesn't  add up.   This clearly isn't about what Ilhan Omar said as much as who she is.   Being a smart, outspoken Black woman of the Muslim faith is  apparently the issue, and some Republicans can't handle that, so they  are going to kick her off the committee.   This is unbelievable bigotry. Shame on them.   