 Mr. President, 1 year ago, the rightwing majority of the  U.S. Supreme Court overturned decades of established precedent and  stripped away the right to abortion in the Dobbs v. Jackson Women's  Health Organization decision.   In this decision, the Supreme Court overturned the right of the  American people to make decisions about their own bodies and their own  health. That is why, 1 year ago, I filed the Right to Contraception Act  with my colleagues Senators Duckworth, Hirono, Baldwin, and Murray, and  I stood here, much like I am today, to request unanimous consent to  pass our legislation. The House of Representatives passed the bill by a  bipartisan vote of 220 to 195 at that time. Unfortunately, the  Republicans in this Chamber chose to block its passage.   Here is just a short list of what has befallen us since that time.   District court judges have blocked teens from accessing birth control  at federally funded clinics and taken aim at health insurance coverage  for contraception. Extremist State legislators have restricted,  criminalized, and stigmatized reproductive care, including by  suspending payments for emergency contraception for survivors of sexual  assault. And people are left paying more, traveling further, and  working harder to get essential medication.   The threats to contraception are real and happening now. So I stand  here today, once again, to invite every Member of the Senate to join  me, Senator Duckworth, Senator Hirono, Senator Baldwin, Senator Murray,  and the 35 additional cosponsors to pass the Right to Contraception  Act.   Cosponsoring this bill means that you support codifying the right to  obtain and use contraception; enshrining Supreme Court precedent into  Federal law, guaranteeing a healthcare provider's right to prescribe  these products and services and to share information related to them;  preventing the Federal Government and States from interfering with the  right to contraception; and authorizing the U.S. Attorney General,  healthcare providers, and all Americans harmed by unlawful restrictions  to go to court to enforce the rights this bill establishes--because  there is no right without a remedy.   Passing the Right to Contraception Act means setting the bare minimum  standard that the right to contraception should be protected even if  the Supreme Court, once again, overturns settled precedent.   Nine in ten Americans support the right to contraception. This is not  just a moral duty but part of our duty to represent the will of the  American people. The right to contraception is central to life,  liberty, and freedom. This is for every person who wants to live  without politicians in their homes and waiting rooms, especially women,  Black, Brown, indigenous, LGBTQ+, rural, immigrant, low-income, and  disabled Americans most impacted by the failures of this Supreme Court.    With the right to abortion stolen and the right to contraception now  threatened, I urge my colleagues to stand with us and to pass today the  Right to Contraception Act.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be  discharged from further consideration of S. 1999 and the Senate proceed  to its immediate consideration; further, that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    This is an issue that we are going to return to. Justice  Thomas, in his comments on the Dobbs decision, said that the decisions  made by the Supreme Court that extended privacy rights were an  overreach. This Supreme Court began with the Dobbs decision. It is very  clear, because he mentioned it specifically, that the Griswold  decision--the decision to, in fact, protect the right to  contraception--is also now in the crosshairs of the Supreme Court. So  it is imperative that we return to this law to begin the process of  passing legislation to codify this protection for Americans.   I yield the floor.   