 Mr. President, Senator Klobuchar has said it very well,  and I want to pick up on her remarks. And we are here to reflect on the  extraordinary achievement in the Inflation Reduction Act in order to  provide for the first time a real measure of relief--a real measure of  relief--for these staggering costs seniors and others pay for medicine  in our country. And I am going to talk about the negotiation issue.   And I want to say, this is just the next and essential piece of what  we are doing to get relief for the consumer. For example, through most  of the summer, I talked about the price-gouging penalty that we got in  the law.   And I see my friend Senator Stabenow, my colleague who has been my  seatmate on the Finance Committee--we sure wish she wasn't retiring-- but the price-gouging penalty is the first such thing in Federal law.  This is a penalty that it has imposed, as Senator Stabenow remembers,  when drug companies hiked their prices over inflation. They have to pay  a rebate to Medicare, which is used to lower the out-of-pocket costs  for seniors. And Senator Stabenow and I have been out crunching the  numbers on this issue. And one of the areas that we found is that these  drugs, particularly those that are administered in a doctor's office,  already are producing massive savings.   Senator Stabenow, we found a drug a couple of weeks ago where seniors  are saving several hundred dollars per dose--per dose--I would say to  my colleagues--on one of these cancer drugs you get in the office. And  this is just the beginning, as Senator Klobuchar has said.   So this legislation, which didn't, unfortunately, get a single  Republican vote, represents a seismic shift in the relationship between  consumers and Big Pharma and especially authority for Medicare to  negotiate prices of prescription drugs with manufacturers.   And I just want to take a few minutes to pick up on this issue of the  barrage of legal actions Big Pharma and their allies are taking to stop  Medicare drug price negotiation. And we have been talking about all  these lawsuits that the big companies--and I gather the Chamber of  Commerce is with them all the way--have filed to prevent seniors and  families from getting a break on medicine.   So these legal actions that the big companies and the Chamber of  Commerce are taking beg the question that I just want to offer up this  afternoon: What would happen in America if our country didn't negotiate  in our economy?   The fact is, negotiating on price is the underpinning of the American  marketplace. It ensures you bring two sides together to get a fair  deal. And the question really has to become: Are these companies that  have filed these suits really arguing that the government shouldn't try  to get a fair price on medicine for more than 50 million American  seniors?   Senator Stabenow, that is the essential question--are they really  arguing to the American people--and by the way, this is taxpayer money,  much of this is taxpayer money--are they really arguing that seniors  and taxpayers shouldn't get a fair deal?   Now, the fact is that Medicare, in particular, with such strong  taxpayer backing has a special argument for being a program that  negotiates to get fair prices on because Medicare is not just a slip of  paper, as we have examined in the Finance Committee often.   I see Senator Whitehouse, our distinguished colleague.   Medicare is not just a slip of paper with a few words on it. Medicare  is a guarantee; it is a guarantee for seniors of good quality coverage.  And it just begs the question: If you have a guarantee and a guarantee  of something specific--good quality coverage--wouldn't you  automatically say that the taxpayer should be able to have a friend and  advocate negotiating for them in order to get the best possible deal?  And I think the answer to that question is pretty obvious.   Now, Big Pharma has, unfortunately, taken a very different position.  They have been guarding the prohibition on price negotiation in this  country like the Holy Grail. And they don't like that we have closed  this chapter. And the first 10 drugs were not drawn out of a hat.  Congress made it clear in black letter law the criteria of the Federal  Government has to use.   And so what we are doing now, Senator Stabenow--we have been talking  to many of the members of the Finance Committee--is we are looking at  the fact that these 10 drugs also were ones where we made sure and put  in the criteria specifically where you had significant taxpayer support  in terms of getting the drug to market. So again, another argument for  why you ought to negotiate, the costliest drugs and drugs that get to  market with taxpayer money.   Now, Senator Klobuchar, I thought, very eloquently described a number  of the drugs, but I think--and I want to give my colleagues a chance to  make their remarks--I think we ought to reflect on the importance of  making sure that, when Big Pharma has been double-dipping into  taxpayers' wallets for these important medications--groundbreaking  research from the National Institutes of Health are another research  arm of the Federal Government. Then, after the research was funded by  taxpayers, manufacturers sell the drugs developed using taxpayer-funded  research back to taxpayers at sky-high prices, are they really not  going to have a chance to get a better deal?    Enbrel, which is the drug we mention often on the floor, was  discovered at Massachusetts General Hospital using NIH-supported  research. The hospital sold the patent rights to the drug manufacturer  that has profited off Enbrel  [[Page S4376]]  at the expense, Senator Stabenow, of taxpayers for now going on 30  years.   My colleagues are going to have a chance to go into further detail  about this, but I think when you are talking about Big Pharma and a new  law that considers among a host of other factors prior to Federal  financial support, provided by the taxpayers that we have the honor to  represent, it means that the government should stand up for seniors and  taxpayers to make sure that they get a good deal.   An investment in basic science funded by American taxpayers is based  on our record in the Finance Committee, often the foundation of the new  drug--and when drug manufacturers use this taxpayer-funded research to  make a drug, the price of the drug should be lower to reflect taxpayer  investment, and you get the best possible deal for those taxpayers when  you negotiate.   And I will just close by saying, I think my colleagues know from  talking to people at home, most people when you discuss this issue  think it is absurd that for all these years, nobody could negotiate for  them. What they are surprised about is not so much that a law passed,  even though Senator Klobuchar talked about beating all these lobbyists,  what they are surprised about is how people with a straight face have  made the case for years that, with all of the taxpayers' support for  medicine that I just outlined, that you wouldn't have started  negotiating for taxpayers and seniors a long time ago.   I really appreciate Senator Klobuchar doing this. I see the Chair,  who has been our champion in the other body for many years, my  seatmate, Senator Klobuchar--we have an exciting new Member from the  west who has also joined us. This is an important chance to really  think through where we are headed. And Senator Stabenow knows we have  got a lot more to do. We are taking on the PBMs, the middle men, who  are also a factor in driving up prices.   But tonight is a chance because Senator Klobuchar has taken this time  for us to outline what the negotiation issue is all about. I have tried  to go through some of the history about how you were stunned to hear  over the years that you couldn't negotiate. That has been changed.   My colleagues are going to continue this discussion, and you are  going hear a lot more about it because, for all of those people, all of  those people that I knew, starting with the Gray Panthers who were  standing in those pharmacy lines, getting mugged at the pharmacy  counter trying to figure out how they were going to choose between  their food and their rent, they are going have new hope because prices  are going to be negotiated. There is going to be hope for them, and  there is going to be hope for American taxpayers. And it is long  overdue.   I yield to my colleagues.   