 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I thank my friend and colleague, Chairman Steil, for his comments.   I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 25. Historically, this resolution  authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall for a ceremony to honor  victims of the Holocaust has been considered and agreed to by the House  with unanimous consent because there was universal agreement that  debate on this issue was unnecessary. I don't know what has changed  necessitating the debate in the 118th Congress, but I fully support the  measure, nonetheless.   We are considering this legislation at a time when acts of hatred and  anti-Semitism are on the rise, not just around the world but here in  the United States.   Perhaps even more troubling, anti-Semitism has begun an insidious  creep into what was once considered mainstream ideologies and  institutions.   On January 6, in a failed attempt to disrupt the peaceful transfer of  power and to subvert democracy and the rule of law, violent  insurrectionists stormed the halls of the Capitol, some wearing  clothing emblazoned with vile anti-Semitic slogans and imagery.   This is not some distant memory that happened in a faraway country.  It happened right here in this very building, in this very Chamber,  just 2 years ago. That is why it is so important we reject hate and  authoritarianism at every turn to prevent its malignant spread.   This resolution does just that by allowing us to honor the memory of  more than 11 million people, including 6 million Jews killed in the  Holocaust. It affirms our commitment to combating anti-Semitism in all  its forms and ensures that we never forget the atrocities of the past  lest they are repeated.   I urge my colleagues to support H. Con. Res. 25, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the Chair's explanation of why  we are doing this. I certainly appreciate the gentleman from Tennessee  and his hard work.   I represent a community, Rochester, New York, which has a significant  Jewish population I have worked with for decades, and I talked just a  couple of weeks ago at Jewish Federation of Greater Rochester about the  rise of anti-Semitism in communities across the United States, so I  appreciate the opportunity for us to talk about the increase; how we  must do everything we can to make sure that we not only remember the  past, but are cognizant in the present of all the challenges.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I will close by again thanking the chairman  for bringing the resolution forward and thanking my colleagues for  offering it. We stand in strong support of it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support H. Con. Res. 25,  and I yield back the balance of my time.  [[Page H1316]]        