 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I seek recognition.    Mr. President, time is of the essence. Yes, time is of  the essence, and that is why I rise today, once again, in calling for  the immediate passage of the House-led and passed bipartisan,  standalone aid package for Israel that will provide our ally with $14  billion in military assistance for their ongoing war with the savage  Hamas terrorists. This standalone bill does not use Israel as a lever  to fund Ukraine funding or to make our border more porous to terrorists  and criminals.   I want to start by sharing two stories--the stories of two gentlemen  I met last week. I am going to start with Doran. Doran's brother was  the mayor of a kibbutz located within a stone's throw from Gaza. As the  mayor, he often welcomed Palestinians from Gaza. He shared meals with  them and conversed with them. It was a peace-loving family. But on the  morning of October 7, Doran's brother, the mayor, was brutally murdered  by Hamas.   But that wasn't enough. Next, his brother's mother-in-law was  murdered. Then, his son was murdered and, finally, a nephew. In a  matter of a few hours, a woman lost her husband, her mother, her son,  and her nephew.   The other story I want to share is of two brothers, Gal and Guy. Gal  was the older brother. Guy was the younger brother. They went to the  peace and love music festival, just about 3 miles away from the Gaza  Strip. And, on the morning of October 7, Gal was watching over his  brother Guy, and they heard gunshots, and they heard rockets going off,  and they both decided to run for their cars. They were split up, and,  while Gal made it home, Guy never did.   Later that same day, his family saw horrifying videos of his brother  lying on the ground, handcuffed, and who remains a hostage to this day.  And, of course, we have no idea if Guy is alive or not.   So I ask: Why is this important? Why is time of the essence?   Listen, Israel is a powder keg, and it is about ready to explode. For  starters, since we were here last, Hamas leadership has declared its  desire for a permanent state of war with Israel on all borders. There  continues to be a barrage of missiles, rockets, and drone attacks on  Israel that has worsened since the war broke out, with Hamas firing at  Israel nearly 10,000 times.   Since October 7, 50 attacks have occurred on U.S. military  installations. Some 52 American soldiers have been injured, not to  mention that we lost 30-some Americans, killed on October 7 by these  monsters called Hamas.   So why is time of the essence? Right now, there are still hundreds of  innocent people, like Gal's brother Guy, being held captive, and, most  likely, being tortured and raped by Hamas terrorists, including 10  Americans.   So I stand here today, again, calling on my Democratic colleagues to  do the right thing, and today--yes, today--pass this aid for Israel in  their time of need. It has been over 5 weeks since the Hamas army of  terror launched its savage and brutal assault on our greatest ally in  the Middle East. The House and its bipartisan solution have only been  met with obstruction by my friends across the aisle in this Chamber,  and  [[Page S5485]]  the American public wants to know why the White House and my friends  here across the aisle insist upon leveraging this funding in order to  fund their other priorities.   Is there really anybody across the aisle who objects to Israel  receiving funding and to help stop this war against humanity?   This delay in providing this aid is not lost on Israel, raising  questions about our commitment as an ally, and perhaps equally  concerning is the message it sends to Hamas terrorists, emboldening  them in their murderous endeavors. And our slow response reinforces the  White House message that America has no redline, and they can continue  to attack our military without significant recourse.   America is not a fair-weather friend. We must stand unequivocally  with Israel, a country that has stood beside us as a staunch ally  through thick and thin. We must pass this aid today.   Now, when I met with Doran--who lost, as you recall, four members of  his family on October 7--he pledged with me to help get one clear  message to the American people: Hamas does not use logic. We are not  dealing with a civilized nation here. Their evil defies any type of  logic. They don't make sense. These people are evil monsters who rape,  torture, and kill their enemies.   And, by the way, every person in this room is one of their enemies.  Anyone in America who does not believe in their religious ideas is  their enemy, whom they have pledged to kill.   Hamas, Iran, and its proxies have all taken an oath to kill every  American. Yet some of my colleagues across the aisle have attempted to  delay the delivery of this critical military assistance, as they call  for negotiations with these terrorists in a ceasefire.   I would ask each one of my friends across the aisle who is holding up  this bipartisan funding to sit down with a victim of Hamas's savage  attacks. Please invite any one of the 170 family members who are here  on Capitol Hill today, who have family members currently being held as  hostages--their friends and family members being used as a human shield  by this evil terrorist group. I am asking you to sit down with them and  listen to their stories of how Hamas terrorists tortured, maimed, and  massacred the most Jewish people in a single day since the horror of  horrors, the Nazi Holocaust.   I want to make sure it is clear today: Hamas evil defies any logic.  There is no negotiating with them. There are no terms that they would  seriously consider. All they understand are death, horror, and  destruction.   Let's make this point perfectly clear. Our hesitation to provide  bipartisan funding to our staunch ally Israel empowers Hamas and gives  Iran and its proxies a green light to kill Americans.   I would like to urge everyone to take this measure and adopt it  immediately. And, for now, I would like to yield to the gentleman from  Ohio, my friend Senator Vance.    Mr. President, let me start by thanking my colleagues  from the great State of Ohio and Missouri for standing beside the  people of Israel unequivocally.   But before we turn the floor back to those who protest too much,  those who protest against this stand-alone Israel funding, let's  address some of the objections made by the Senate Democrats last week.   It is important that we focus on the urgency of aiding Israel without  tying it to other complex, timekilling, unrelated conflicts.   In last week's debate here on the Senate floor on Israel's safety and  security, Senate Democrats mentioned Ukraine 77 times, more than twice  of what they mentioned Israel.   I ask Americans to listen to this debate and count for themselves how  many times my friends across the aisle mention Ukraine but turn their  back, almost like they are allergic, to using the word ``Israel.''   They took 45 minutes of their hour-long speeches to make their case  for Ukraine funding. Look, I get it. I get it: You want to fund  Ukraine. But let's have that debate another day.   What Americans understand about Ukraine is that Joe Biden has thrown  $113 billion at the problem with minimal accountability. And in return,  200,000 people have died. Americans understand that the war in Ukraine  is at a stalemate, and it is going to turn into a 7-, probably 10-year  war. It is going to turn into a war of attrition. What is the plan,  Americans want to know? How much more of their blood and treasure do we  have to send overseas? Let's debate Ukraine funding another day.   Now, next, my friends across the aisle are going to use the pay-fors  as an excuse. If that is the reason you won't support stand-alone  funding for Israel, then give us a different pay-for. But, meanwhile,  time is of the essence. Your caucus and our caucus are divided on  funding for Ukraine. Your caucus and our caucus are divided on how to  solve the open-border crisis.   And I don't hear any solutions offered from the Republican-controlled  House, the people's House, that the first thing we don't hear from the  White House and the Senate leadership is that it is dead on arrival,  and vice versa. Anything that we are offering they say is dead on  arrival.   Folks, we are no closer today on figuring out Ukraine funding or how  to solve the open-border crisis than we were a month ago, two months  ago, six months ago. We are months apart, I think we are infinitely  apart, from solving these problems.   Meanwhile, Hamas and Iran grow more emboldened and World War III  inches closer. I don't hear anyone saying, from either side of the  aisle, don't fund Israel. So why don't we fund Israel today? Don't tell  me why we should fund Ukraine. Don't tell me you don't like the pay- for. Stand up today and tell me why we shouldn't fund Israel today.  Tell me why we shouldn't use Israel as a leverage for your other  priorities.   Tell me why we shouldn't send a message to Hamas and Iran. And the  message that we are going to send them is that we will not tolerate  this barbarism, these atrocities, these crimes against humanity.   Time is of the essence. The House has passed a stand-alone bill to  fund Israel. The Senate should do the same.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of H.R. 6126, which is received from the House.  I further ask the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, I call for regular order.    Mr. President, thank you to my colleagues for their  comments today and for their arguments. Many were good arguments. Some  of the facts, the American people disagree with. Some of the  conclusions, the American people disagree with.   What I heard today was once again from my colleagues spending 80  percent of their time focusing on Ukraine funding; but I didn't hear  one person say why we shouldn't go ahead and fund Israel today, why we  shouldn't send a bill to the President's desk today.   Look, we have debated Ukraine at lengths. Put a bill on the floor.  Let's  [[Page S5492]]  vote on Ukraine funding. My friends across the aisle have said that  Ukraine is winning this war, and many of the same reasons they give us  to continue to support Ukraine are the same words I heard in grade  school as to why we should support the cause in Vietnam. They are the  same arguments.   If Ukraine is winning, then why have Poland, Slovakia, and Hungary  abandoned Ukraine? Why is the frontline not moving?   Some of my friends brought up aid. Look, if you want aid to the  hospitals in Gaza, if you want aid to Gaza itself, then tell Iran to  stand down. Tell Hamas to release the hostages. I don't hear anyone  talking about that. Tell Hamas to surrender. Let's send a message from  the Senate that we unequivocally stand beside Israel.   And I will close with this: One of my friends across the aisle talked  about President Reagan. What I will remember about President Reagan  and, before him, Eisenhower is that they stressed peace through  strength. But this White House is giving us war through weakness.   Time is of the essence. We need to get Israel the funding. Thank you.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 241,  making emergency supplemental appropriations to respond to the attacks  in Israel.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for the quorum  call to be vitiated.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the quorum  call be vitiated.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the quorum  call be vitiated.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   