 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, the premise of this bill is simple: Criminals and  fraudsters should be held accountable for dollars that were illegally  obtained, and we ought to ensure that this doesn't happen again.   We can argue, we can talk about how we got here, who is responsible,  but I can tell you, as a member of the Ways and Means Committee,  Republicans spent the last 3 years pleading with the Biden  administration and with Democrats for answers on the impact of  unemployment fraud, for ways to stop it, and the steps that we need to  recover as much of it as possible. Unfortunately, it fell on deaf ears,  and now we have some counts as high as $400 billion that were lost to  fraud or improper payments under the program.   That is money that should have been supporting our constituents that  were struggling from job loss during the pandemic. Instead, it went to  criminals and cheats.   In my district, too many unemployed individuals could not access  payments because those benefits had already been claimed by scam  artists.   Similarly, for the last two tax filing seasons, many of my  constituents have only found out then that they were a victim of  identity theft when they got a 1099 in the mail that says they owe  taxes on unemployment benefits they never claimed.   Now, they are stuck fighting the IRS to rectify their tax bill and  hung out to dry trying to reclaim their identity. Finally, after 3  years, House Republicans are taking this important step today to right  this wrong. This legislation gives States both the incentives and the  tools needed to prosecute criminals and recover fraudulent payments.   It takes the steps that we should have taken 3 years ago to prevent  fraud in the first place. I do want to be clear: This bill is not about  taking away employment benefits from those who relied on them, who  needed them during the pandemic.    It is not about taking away unemployment benefits for  those who relied on them. It is quite the opposite. This bill goes  after those who robbed unemployment benefits from those who need it.   Mr. Speaker, I am hopeful that my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle will recognize that this is commonsense legislation to right a  wrong and to protect our constituents and our taxpayers.   