 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak in  support of the nomination of Judge Margaret Guzman to serve as a U.S.  district judge for the District of Massachusetts. Yesterday, the Senate  invoked cloture on Judge Guzman's nomination, and in a few minutes, we  will vote on her confirmation.   Margaret Guzman currently serves as a Massachusetts State district  court judge. She is a Massachusetts native and a graduate of Clark  University in Worcester and the Boston University School of Law.   In addition to Judge Guzman's more than 20 years of service on the  Massachusetts State judiciary, her three-decade career in the law  includes work as a solo practitioner handling civil cases and a public  defender representing indigent criminal offenders. Judge Guzman will  therefore bring to the Federal bench not only the knowledge and  experience of a State court judge who has presided over more than 1,000  cases in her career that have gone to verdict or judgment but the  wisdom of a public defender and solo practitioner, joining together  precisely the kind of professional legal diversity that the Biden  administration has made a priority and that the Federal judiciary badly  needs.   But there is more to Margaret Guzman than this impressive legal  resume. Her personal story has also shaped her and her outlook from the  bench. In 1999, during a challenging time for her family, she became  the guardian and custodian to six of her nieces and nephews, then age 3  to 15. During this time, she also took on a caretaker role for her  ailing mother. These daunting personal experiences helped Judge Guzman  understand and appreciate the difficulties that so many people-- especially those who are involved in the criminal justice system--face  in their day-to-day lives.   Her lived experience has led her to always show compassion and  understanding to her own clients as a practicing attorney and to the  litigants who appear before her as a judge and to ensure that those who  must navigate our judicial system--especially the indigent and  marginalized--are always treated fairly and with dignity and respect.   Finally, Judge Guzman will be a trailblazer. When confirmed, she will  be the first Latina to serve on the U.S. District Court for the  District of Massachusetts--a long overdue milestone in a State that has  nearly 1 million Latinos who call Massachusetts their home. Out of our  7 million residents, 1 million are Latino.   Senator Warren and I are proud to recommend Judge Guzman as a nominee  to President Biden and proud to have that nomination before the whole  Senate today. Judge Guzman leaves me with no doubt that she will serve  the people of Massachusetts with distinction as a Federal district  court judge. I urge all of my colleagues to vote yes on her  confirmation today.   Senator Warren and I give you our assurances that she will be a  superior district court judge representing our entire country.   I yield the floor.   