 Mr. Speaker, and still I rise, cognizant of the  urgency of the situation in the Middle East and the spirit in which  this resolution has been put forth.   As we conscientiously denounce the horrific crimes against humanity  committed by Hamas, let us remember our ultimate goal of peace, the  need for diplomacy, as well as our commitment to a two-state solution.  I regret that the vision of peace between Israel and Palestine by way  of a two-state solution is not referenced in the resolution. I  sincerely believe that this non-inclusion risks conveying an incomplete  representation of our nation's long-standing position on this pressing  matter at a critical time in our history. The situation in Israel and  Palestine is highly sensitive, and our response should denounce the  violation of human rights, while supporting Israeli and Palestinian  victims. Omitting such judicious principled concepts from our  resolution could inadvertently give the erroneous impression that we  have abandoned the Palestinians as well as the two-state solution to  peace. I called these issues to the attention of the Foreign Affairs  Committee in a letter delivered to the committee on October 12, 2023.   To this end and because I had no hand in drafting the resolution, I  propose that we amend the resolution under consideration to include the  following: ``Whereas the U.S. House of Representatives desires lasting  peace between Israel and Palestine.'', ``Whereas the two-state solution  has and continues to be the best path to lasting peace.'', ``Whereas we  mourn the deaths and suffering of babies as well as innocent  Palestinian and Israeli people of all ages.'', ``Whereas our support  for humanitarian assistance to the Palestinian babies and innocent  civilian Palestinian people is a necessity.'', and ``Resolved that the  House of Representatives desires a two-state solution that leads to  peace between Israel and Palestine.''   The resolution without these principle points will lead me, as a  matter of conscience, to not vote ``yea.'' I realize that on this vote  I may stand alone. However, on votes of conscience I believe it is  better to stand alone than not stand at all.   As we witness the calls for war, let us remember our moral imperative  to stand for peace at the genesis of war. Doing so will make clear our  unwavering commitment to not only Israel's defense but also to the  ultimate vision of peace that we all wish to see materialize in the  region.   