 I thank the gentleman for hosting this all important  subject, really, on our entire country and the state of it.   Last night, Americans tuned in to the State of the Union. The State  of the Union is a very important address for the American people for a  lot of different reasons. One, the history of it.   Since 1790, 233 years that the President has addressed a body that  has all three branches of government, the executive branch, the House,  the Supreme Court, the cabinet, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, all were  here last night.   Now, what is the purpose of the State of the Union? The State of the  Union is where the leader of the free world gives a vision for America.  They give their solutions to problems facing America. They give answers  to questions that have been asked by the American people.   What we saw last night from President Biden was a total  embarrassment. What we saw last night was a President who was more  eager to criticize this great Nation than he was to heal our wounds.   Here are my questions: Mr. Biden, why did you not offer solutions to  these problems?   Why did you not offer solutions to the invasion of our border to the  tune of five million illegals that are crossing our border every day?   Why do you not believe that a nation is not a nation unless it has  borders?   Mr. Biden, why did you not address the drugs as a result of the  invasion at the border, the drugs, fentanyl, primarily coming from  China to Mexico, back into our Nation that are killing thousands of  people, 100,000 last year?   Why do you not care about that?   Mr. Biden, why did you not address our gas and oil problems?   Why did you shut the Keystone pipeline?   Why do you like foreign oil of OPEC nations, many who don't like us,  example, Venezuela, Iraq, Iran? Why do you like their oil better than  American oil?   Mr. President, why did you not address our national debt?   Why did you not have solutions to what you are going to propose in a  budget that you should have already produced that you have not done?   Mr. President, why have you not addressed our crime problem? You  cannot turn on any TV station without seeing the blue sirens, the  deaths of many innocent people, the rampant crime that is up double  digits in every city of America. Instead, you chose to criticize our  great police force.   Why did you not address the problem that we are all having with the  police shortages that exist in this very Capitol?   Why did you not address, Mr. President, our national security threat  from China?   Why did you not address the balloon that was allowed to go over our  great country for 8 days?   Why did you shoot it over the Atlantic Ocean and not the Pacific?   Why did you not shoot it over Alaska?   Why did you not shoot it down or allow it to be shot down over  Montana, which the worst that could have happened would be a deer and  an antelope that may have been hurt from a falling balloon?   Mr. President, why did you not answer why you left $80 billion of our  finest military equipment in Afghanistan? Why did you turn that over to  our enemies?   Why did you close Bagram, the Bagram base, our military base, which  is strategically located?   Why did you not make sure every American was out before you pulled  the military out?   Mr. President, these are just a few of the questions that you are  directly responsible for, and the reason you did not answer them is  because your position is you are causing them and it matters not to  you.   Last night, it became apparent we have a President who not only  refuses to acknowledge the realities that we face today, but you are  doubling down on it. The spending that you are now placing on the  American taxpayer will bankrupt this country, and you are perfectly  content to move along with this insane spending that this country  cannot take.   We are at the end of the runway with the spending that you are  putting on the American people. The taxpayers deserve better. The  American people deserve better.   Now I am happy to join my Republican colleagues; we are going to come  up with a budget. We are going to put this country back on a path of  financial security. Financial security is national security, and I am  happy to say that we are finally willing to address it.   No longer can we turn a blind eye, and no longer can we allow the  leader of the free world to inflict the pain that he is inflicting on  America.   I am proud of my Republican colleagues to address this; and I will  say this. I will say one good thing this President did in his speech.  He united all true conservatives to fight the policies that are  destroying this Nation and that he is willing to happen on his watch.   I thank the gentleman for doing this.   