 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise to discuss an amendment we will  vote on later. When we vote on it, it is 1 minute a side, and I think  it might take a couple of more minutes to explain a vote on NATO that  is very powerful.   A few years ago, people were questioning the viability of NATO. Was  it still worth it? Well, what President Biden and what this body have  shown is that, with American leadership, NATO is stronger today than it  has ever been. NATO's capacity and NATO's willingness to link arms and  provide defense to Ukraine in the midst of an illegal invasion by a  human-rights-abusing Vladimir Putin has been extremely powerful, and  the value of NATO has been demonstrated to such a degree that even  nations that never would have contemplated entering NATO in the past-- Finland and Sweden--have fought for accession and have been green-lit  by this body and now the international community to join.   There is a question, though, that was coming up as people were  talking about should we withdraw from NATO: How do you withdraw from a  treaty? The Constitution is plain that, to enter into a treaty, you  need a ratification vote by the Senate, but the Constitution is silent  about withdrawal. So, in the last administration, a question came up  about whether a President could withdraw from NATO unilaterally.   I have a bill that is bipartisan, together with Senator Rubio, and we  will vote on it later this afternoon. It will specify that no President  can unilaterally withdraw from NATO, and any effort to withdraw  from NATO would have to be either approved by Senate ratification--a  two-thirds vote--or by an act of Congress. This sends a powerful  message that Congress, after these decades, still believes in the power  of NATO.    Our allies who worry about different Presidents--should the policy  change depending upon every 4 years who is President--would take this  statement of congressional support in a very, very powerful way.   I am happy to say it is an overwhelmingly bipartisan bill that came  through the Foreign Regulations Committee in the 117th Congress by an  overwhelmingly bipartisan vote, and the administration supports it.   Finally, the question did come up once in a Supreme Court case from  1979, Goldwater v. Carter: How do you withdraw from a treaty? What the  Supreme Court said is that it was a political question for the  executive and legislature to work out.   We will take a legislative step, in my hopes today, as part of this  NDAA, that when it is on the President's desk, by his ratification, we  will demonstrate that in America both the executive and legislative  branches appreciate NATO and are committed to its success.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I call up amendment No. 429 and ask that  it be reported by number.    I ask unanimous consent that there be 6 minutes equally  divided prior to a vote on the amendment.    Madam President, this is an amendment dealing with the  power of the NATO alliance. We have seen since the February 2022  invasion of Ukraine that NATO allows the democracies to link arms and  stand courageously against an illegal invasion of Ukraine by the  dictator Vladimir Putin.   Some had questioned the value of NATO, but NATO has demonstrated its  power to protect democracy against this invasion since February of  2022.   There had been an issue raised in the last few years about whether  any President could unilaterally withdraw from NATO, which was approved  by the Senate in a treaty. The Constitution of the United States  indicates that the Senate must ratify treaties but is silent about how  to exit treaties. The U.S. Supreme Court, in 1979, said that is a  political question for the legislature, the executive, to resolve.   What this amendment would do would make plain that no one can  withdraw from NATO--the United States from NATO--without either a two- thirds vote in the Senate or an act of Congress.   We received a green light for this in the Goldwater v. Carter  decision in 1979, and I think, of all the treaties the United States  has entered into, right now at this moment, in the aftermath of the  summit in Lithuania and during this war in Europe, this Congress should  send a powerful message to our allies in NATO that we stand with this  historic alliance.   The administration supports this amendment.   I would reserve the remainder of my time.    Mr. President, might I ask how much time I have remaining?    On the constitutional argument, my colleagues, this very  question came before the Supreme Court of the United States in 1979.  President Carter terminated a Taiwan-related treaty and was sued by  Senator Goldwater and others. The case went to the United States  Supreme Court. The Court said because the Constitution on exiting a  treaty is silent, it is a political question that the legislature and  Executive can resolve for themselves.   The Supreme Court refused to overturn Carter's action. That is a  clear green light that if Congress, the legislative, and Executive  branch agree that on this particular treaty the silence does not  dictate but can be the source of legislation, we would be able to  undertake this action.   Finally, I note this is widely bipartisan, and I thank Senator Rubio  and many other Democratic and Republican colleagues who have  cosponsored this amendment to stand strong at this moment with me.   With that, I yield.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   