 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill,  which for the first time conditions emergency, essential aid to Israel  on cuts to the domestic budget. The majority is attempting to divide  Congress for purely partisan gain. It is despicable.   I stand here as a proud progressive Zionist. Support for Israel is  built into my DNA. My wife lived in Israel. I have family in Israel. I  was horrified by the events of October 7. It was a traumatic moment for  Israel and a traumatic moment for the global Jewish community. I remain  committed to doing whatever I can to support our ally Israel in its  fight against the terrorist organization Hamas, especially since Hamas'  statement last night that they would repeat the October 7 massacre over  and over until Israel is no more.   I look forward to voting for President Biden's complete supplemental  military and humanitarian aid package, including strategic and military  assistance to Israel, Ukraine, and Taiwan, and humanitarian assistance  to Gaza, Israel, and Ukraine to deal with extreme crisis conditions  caused by two major wars.   Today's vote is not about supporting Israel. It is not about global  security. Rather, today's vote is on a divisive political maneuver that  leads us down a dark road. It sets a dangerous precedent, pitting our  national security and support for democratic allies against domestic  expenditures. When Israel needs more funds, will we have to find  another offset?   It must be repeated. This so-called offset will actually increase the  deficit, all while allowing the wealthiest to cheat on their taxes. As  the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has made clear, it would  add $12.5 billion to the deficit in the next decade.   I will proudly support emergency supplemental aid to Israel. I look  forward to voting for that bill, but the bill we are voting on today is  just a partisan game. It is an insult to Jewish Americans, and it is an  insult to our ally Israel.   The pro-Israel vote is a ``no.'' I will proudly vote ``no,'' reject  this unprecedented partisanship, and wait for a genuine bill to aid  Israel.   