 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would add to the  rule of construction a clarification that law enforcement can still  enforce current law regarding obscenity matters.   Currently, Federal law prohibits the interstate distribution of  obscene visual matter which is not protected speech under the First  Amendment. In 2016 President Trump signed the Children's Internet  Safety Presidential Pledge, and this pledge sought to protect children  from the harms of pornography within the limits of the First Amendment.  The pledge also encouraged public-private partnerships to prevent the  sexual exploitation of children online.   In 2019 Members of this body, including Representatives   Jim Banks,  Mark Meadows, Vicky Hartzler, and Brian Babin, sent a letter to  Attorney General Barr requesting the Department of Justice enforce  obscenity laws and prosecute the pornography industry.   The harmful effects this terrible industry has on our country cannot  be overstated. In fact, at least 16 States have declared pornography a  public-health crisis and a threat to society.   According to Fight the New Drug, most kids today are exposed to porn  by age 13, and 84 percent of males and 57 percent of females ages 14 to  18 have reported viewing pornography.   Beyond the harm to these children mentally, emotionally,  psychologically, and spiritually, exposure of this kind is sadly often  connected to sexual violence. One study of hundreds of the most popular  scenes in the porn industry found that 88 percent contained depictions  of physical violence or aggression, while 49 percent contained  depictions of verbal aggression.   The role of the Federal Government is to protect its citizens-- particularly its children--and to fight to end sexual exploitation  wherever it exists in our country.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in combating this  terrible evil in our country and support this amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would hope we would get  bipartisan support then for this amendment which does further protect  our children and clarify that law enforcement can still enforce current  law regarding obscene matters.   Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Kentucky (Mr. Comer).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.   