 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Florida for the  time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise on behalf of my Hudson Valley community to honor  the memories of the community members we lost on October 7 and to plead  and to demand the safe return of all of the Hudson Valley families and  friends still held hostage by Hamas.   Judith and Gadi Haggai, who you can see behind me, are both dual  American and Israeli citizens, Judith was born in the Hudson Valley in  Goshen, New York, in Orange County.   On October 7, Judith and Gadi were on their usual morning walk around  Kibbutz Nir Oz when they were ambushed by Hamas, shot, and the last  location of their phone was traced to Gaza.   Judith and Gadi are not combatants or soldiers. They are a  schoolteacher and a musician. They are peace-loving people whose only  crime was being Jewish.   Their niece, Ofri, took a one-way flight to the United States, came  to my office, and made two powerful requests: Never allow our country  to forget her aunt and her uncle and to fight with everything that we  have to bring them back. I promised her I would do that, and I stand  here today to honor that commitment.   Mr. Speaker, I served 27 months in combat. Our rule was that we never  leave a fallen sister or brother behind.   I ask all to not forget Judith and Gadi, and I refuse, and I know my  fellow Americans refuse to leave behind our Hudson Valley brothers and  sisters.   Tragically, the Haggais are not the only Hudson Valley family  grieving. Maurice Shnaider of Kingston, New York, my hometown, lost his  sister, Margit, and his brother-in-law, Yosi, in these barbaric  attacks.   While we honor their loss, it is impossible to mourn properly while  the fate of their daughter, Shiri, and their grandsons, Ariel and Kfir,  hang in the balance--Ariel, 4, Kfir, 10 months old.   My children, my two boys, Theo and Cameron, are 4 and 1. I cannot  think every night as I put my boys to bed of anything other than the  faces of the Bibas family.   These are not prisoners of war. These are children, babies ripped  away from their home and taken hostage by Hamas terrorists. This is  pure, unadulterated evil.   To the Haggai family, the Bibas family, to their friends, to my whole  community, to every Jewish person worried about their safety amidst the  historic rise in anti-Semitism, know this: We are here for you, we see  you, and we will not give up until every single hostage comes home  safely.   