 Mr. President, there is a regrettable and un- Presidential thread that has been woven throughout the whole Biden  Presidency. Whenever this President finds himself facing bad headlines,  he tries to change the subject by fearmongering about civil rights and  voting rights and pretending we are in the 1950s or sixties.   Remember early last year when the full impact of the Democrats'  inflation was coming into focus? That is when President Biden flew to  Georgia, screamed that Jim Crow was coming back and our democracy was  on death's doorstep, and compared Republicans--listen to this--to Bull  Connor and Jefferson Davis. He compared us to Bull Connor and Jefferson  Davis.   Well, here he goes again. Last weekend, down in Alabama, the  President suggested that the right to vote in America is ``under  assault'' today, on par with Bloody Sunday on the Edmund Pettus Bridge  nearly 60 years ago. Nobody believes this. Nobody seriously believes  that race relations or voting laws or any of these issues are anywhere  near--anywhere near--where they were back in the 1960s. This is utter  nonsense.   President Biden again referenced the Republican State's voting laws  that he last year called Jim Crow 2.0, as if all of that hysteria had  not been completely disproven in the meantime.   Last November, the exact same Georgia voting law that the Democrats  called evil and racist and the death knell for democracy created  record-high turnout, lightning-fast voting lines, and a supermajority  of African-American voters reporting that the voting experience was-- listen to this--excellent.   Do you know the share of Black voters in Georgia who described their  voting experience under the new Republican law as poor? Let me say that  again. Do you know the share of Black voters in Georgia who described  their voting experience under the new Republican law as poor? It is  zero. Zero. President Biden said this law was the second coming of  segregation, and zero percent of Black voters said they had a poor  voting experience.   Ah, but here he goes again with the same lies, the same hysteria. We  are back in this bizarre, bizarre twilight zone where the President of  the United States periodically says these utterly absurd, apocalyptic  things with zero basis in reality, and everybody just carries on like  it really didn't happen: Well, there goes the leader of the free world,  shouting unhinged--unhinged--and false things about the end of  democracy one more time. Oh, you know, just another day. What else is  on TV?   It is utterly surreal and, frankly, embarrassing, the President  walking on stage every couple of months, shouting angry things and  appearing confused--confused--about whether it is 2023 or 1963--utterly  confused. And nothing happens. The world keeps turning. The Republicans  keep passing popular, commonsense laws that make it easy to vote and  hard to cheat. Voters of all races continue having good voting  experiences. The President, his advisers, and a few radical activists  are the only people stuck--stuck--in this fake parallel universe.   Our democracy is in fine shape no matter what a few extreme voices  are shouting. It is this White House's grip on reality that is truly  concerning.   