 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution.   I want to say something. My Republicans colleagues are pushing a  narrative that student debt relief is unfair. To my colleagues, I agree  with them. I agree that what is going on is unfair.   Folks who paid off their debt, the fact that they had to have it in  the first place is unfair. The fact that students still have to take  out crushing student debt just to get a college education, that is  unfair.   If we legislated using the logic that you bring to this issue here  today, women and Black folks wouldn't have the right to vote because it  would be unfair to those who never got to vote before then.   See, if we legislated using your logic, that because there was an  injustice we can't fix it because it is unfair to those who never had  it fixed, means we would never progress on any issue in this country.   Why do you bring that * logic to this issue as it relates to students  but not any other issue?    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the  offending words.    If we use this logic on every single issue, we would never  have progress on anything.   The truth of the matter is that young people and people don't have  student debt because we live beyond our means. We have student debt  because we have been denied the means to live. It is important to  understand that.   Congress needs to help fix this damaged economy, which gets more  unequal and inequitable every single day. This resolution today is not  delivering that help. It is making things worse. To people watching at  home, to young people, the people with student debt, just know that the  Republican Party here, my colleagues in this Chamber, are fighting to  take away the relief that you need and that you deserve.   This is about fairness. True fairness is ensuring that everyone has  equitable opportunity. Twenty million constituents robbed of relief by  their own Representatives is what this resolution is about.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   