 Mr. Speaker, while I appreciate the eloquent remarks  from my colleague from Connecticut, I am from New York, and today we  ask ourselves a very basic question: Are we voting and supporting to  keep the United States of America open to make sure our government  moves forward or are we drawing the line in the sand, putting Ukraine  over the greatest country in the world, the United States of America?   My colleague from Connecticut also mentioned that there were only 15  minutes given to her conference. I find it startling that you need more  than just seconds to make a vote in support of keeping this government  open and supporting the United States of America.   This is not today a Democrat issue. It is not a Republican issue.  This is an American issue. Today, we should all stand on this floor and  support this continuing resolution and keeping this government open.    Mr. Speaker, just over 3 hours ago, we walked onto  this floor with a plan and an opportunity to make sure that our  government continues to work.   Instead of moving that plan forward, we have spent the last hour  hearing from a Member on the other side of the aisle trying to gain C- SPAN ratings and I believe win a contest on how many times we could  hear the term ``MAGA.''   We are here this afternoon to keep our government running. Over the  last hour, I walked across the street to my office, taking calls from  constituents on Long Island in New York's Fourth Congressional District  whose homes and cars were destroyed yesterday after a massive amount of  rain and flooding.   These are individuals who are Democrats, who are Republicans. They  are not calling because they are from a political party. They are  calling because they are Americans, and they are pleading with us to  keep our government open. They are pleading with us to do the job that  we were sent here to do and to govern.   Mr. Speaker, that is what we have the opportunity to do, is to cast a  vote, cast a vote today to continue to make sure that our government  continues to run, that our government remains open so that we can do  the job that we were sent here to do. That is what I urge my colleagues  to do on the other side of the aisle.   Today, Members are not making a partisan vote, they are making a vote  in support of the United States of America. They are making a vote in  support of residents back home who need our help. They are making a  vote in support of moving this country forward.   