 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Massachusetts for yielding.   Madam Speaker, first and foremost, today should be a day of  celebration.   Madam Speaker, 83 years ago today, Ida Mae Fuller received the first  Social Security check. It is the Nation's number one insurance program.  It is the Nation's number one antipoverty program for the elderly. It  is also the Nation's number one program to help children out of  poverty, as well as the number one disability program, especially for  veterans and those who utilize Social Security, even more so than the  VA.   Looking at this proposal today, I commend the chairman for the  Committee on Rules for having come up and situated because of  everything we have heard from the other side. Imagine, holding the  American economy hostage so you can make cuts to Social Security and  Medicare, the bedrock insurance policy for the Nation; something that  impacts your brothers, your sisters, your family members, people you go  to church with, people you work with on a daily basis.   You have proposed both, in your study group analysis a 21 percent  across-the-board cut to Social Security. That is what has got our  attention.   In the midst of all of this, and especially amidst this pandemic,  this global pandemic where more than 1 million people have perished  here in the United States, over 756,000 are over the age of 65.   There are 66 million Social Security recipients. They are  predominantly on fixed incomes and impacted the most by this pandemic  and the most by inflation. So to call for 21 percent across-the-board  cuts and to hold hostage the American economy is beyond the pale.   I hope all of our citizens are aware of this. We are going to  continue to make everyone around the country aware of what is going to  happen and the attempt to cut Social Security and Medicare.   That is what this is about, Madam Speaker. That is why I rise on this  floor today.   Madam Speaker, there are 10,000 baby boomers a day who become  eligible for Social Security. And Congress has done nothing to enhance  Social Security in more than 51 years.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   I appreciate the passion on this other side. I think this passion and  engagement has to be brought forward to the Nation's number one  insurance program. It is not an entitlement. It is an earned benefit,  and the citizens of this country know it.   