 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Well, Mr. President, I am glad to welcome our  colleagues back from the August work period. Spending time back in our  States with the folks we represent isn't just part of our job; more  than anything else, it is what allows us to be effective here in  Washington.   Now, one particular moment of my time back home has received its fair  share of attention in the press over the past week, but I assure you,  August was a busy and productive month for me and my staff back in the  Commonwealth.   I kicked off the month in West Kentucky and then in my hometown of  Louisville, where I met with small businesses and community leaders. We  had a candid conversation on the critical issues facing our State, from  relentless inflation straining families and business owners to the  challenge of finding workers in a lagging labor market.   I also had a chance to travel to the eastern part of Kentucky, where  I met with healthcare and recovery workers in Manchester. Tragically,  the substance abuse crisis has become even deadlier in recent years,  especially in my home State. So we discussed what we are doing to  combat it and find ways the Federal Government can fill the gaps.   I also welcomed Dr. Rahul Gupta, the national drug czar, back to the  Commonwealth to hear more about what we are doing to fight back against  addiction. I look forward to continue working with Dr. Gupta to make  Kentucky a safe and healthier place.   Throughout the month, I was pleased to see over $6 million go toward  addressing the opioid crisis at home. This Federal funding will go a  long way in supporting programs that offer a lifeline to countless  Kentuckians who struggle with substance abuse.   In Bowling Green, I met with community bankers to discuss what Senate  Republicans are doing to put a check on the Biden administration's  reckless spending and regulatory overreach.   At the Kentucky State Fair I had a chance to indulge in some of the  best that the Bluegrass has to offer, like the Farm Bureau's famous Ham  Breakfast. This event is a highlight of mine every August, and this  year was no exception.   I met with farmers from across the State to discuss their priorities  and concerns as Congress takes up the all-important farm bill. This  input will be vital to our work here in the Senate in the months ahead.   In Northern Kentucky, I wrapped up the month with local business  leaders to talk about some of our landmark infrastructure investments  underway in the State, like overhauling the Brent Spence Bridge and  revitalizing our riverports and railroads.   From rural farm families to businesses of all sizes, every Kentuckian  I met voiced the same message: There is too much government and too  little being done to boost the economy and help everyday people.   So as the Senate gets back to work in Washington, I will keep these  conversations and concerns in the forefront of my mind.   