 Mr. Chairman, this legislation reflects the  input of Members of Congress, of the flying public, and stakeholders to  the tune of over 2,000 unique submissions that we processed, that we  put together. Ultimately, it yields a bill that is in excess of 840  pages.   This legislation is the result of hundreds of meetings and dozens of  hearings dating back years. Most importantly, Mr. Chairman, this  legislation passed the House Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee with unanimous bipartisan support.   This legislation takes important steps in ensuring that we have  continuity and consistency within the FAA. It makes fundamental  organizational changes, taking a 1970s organization and updating it for  today. It establishes a deputy administrator for safety and operations,  and an assistant administrator for rulemaking and regulatory  improvement. It establishes an Office of Innovation, an FAA ombudsman,  and many other important changes in the organizational structure of  this antiquated and slow-moving agency.   Mr. Chairman, this legislation is focused on the passenger  experience. You can imagine these families traveling and going to  satellite parking lots, taking shuttles to airports, trying to check in  bags, trying to go through security, dealing with concessionaires at  the airport, getting on the airplane, and on the back side, effectively  doing it all over again at your destination airport.   We have to have someone who looks at this entire process to ensure  that it is consistent, that it is complementary, that it is  streamlined. This bill does just that: improving upon that passenger  experience; ensuring that we are deploying the best technology, the  most updated technology, as quickly as possible; pulling back the veil  on air traffic control and other operations that often result in a  negative or adverse passenger experience.   Mr. Chairman, this legislation addresses many of the very concerns  that we hear from the flying public. We have areas where we have  shortages in personnel on the government side or on the private sector  side, as the ranking member noted.   We ensure that we incentivize new entrants into this growing  workforce, to make sure that we have the pilots, the air traffic  controllers, the A&P mechanics, those that are operating new entrants  into the market, to ensure that that customer experience is positive.   Mr. Chairman, this legislation also takes significant advances in an  area I care a lot about--new entrants into the market. The FAA was  really established or set up for a scenario when we had a few airplanes  per week that were coming off assembly lines. Now, we are facing a  scenario where you are going to have thousands and thousands of  unmanned systems that are coming out on a weekly basis. We have to make  sure that our regulatory and our statutory environment is one that  actually facilitates these new entrants in the market.   Title 7 facilitates these new technologies, everything from allowing  for drones to be used for delivery, making decisions on beyond visual  line-of-sight, ensuring that we are operating a risk-based framework  for safety.   It codifies the part 107 waiver process to ensure that we are  standardizing the waiver process and provides transparency. It ensures  the designation of critical infrastructure related to drones--something  that should have been done, I want to remind my FAA friends, in 2016-- and establishes a mandate for that action.   It helps to streamline the environmental process. It clarifies and  eliminates burdensome rules regarding the delivery of certain products.  It allows for unmanned systems to be used for wildfires, and it  includes the DIIG Act for infrastructure inspections.   In the advanced air mobility space, it creates certainty for eVTOL,  electric vertical takeoff and landing equipment. It ensures that the  process, the notice of the proposed rulemaking that is going through,  is completed and provides certainty moving forward.   Mr. Chairman, I am not going to go through everything in this 841- page bill, but I do want to make note that the leader of this bill, the  leader of this committee, Sam Graves, is the most knowledgeable  aviation expert that has ever led this committee. His hand was involved  in every page of this legislation. We would not have this great bill  without his leadership, without the leadership of our ranking member,  Rick Larsen, who represents a large manufacturing and innovation  community, and our ranking member,   Steve Cohen, who represents one of  the largest cargo logistics hubs in the world.   I have flown before, so I thank all of the leaders of the committee.  I also want to give a shout-out to all the staff. I will go through and  name them in a little while.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this bill.   