 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last Thursday, I traveled back to my  home State of Texas but this time to the U.S.-Mexico border, along with  Senator Cruz--my colleague from Texas--as well as three of our non- Texas Senate colleagues. Senators Barrasso, Lee, and Ricketts joined us  for a series of tours and meetings in the Rio Grande Valley, which is  unlike any other place in America.   This has been one of many times that Senator Cruz and I have welcomed  our colleagues to the border because every time I hear people in  Washington, DC, talk about the border, it is most likely something they  have gleaned from movies or a novel that they have read somewhere. It  is not based on reality.   And the truth is, the reality at the border has changed substantially  from years ago when illegal immigration was primarily people coming to  the United States to work and send money home. It has changed entirely  to a global human smuggling enterprise that enriches the criminal  organization to organize it, charging tens of thousands of dollars a  head to people they smuggle into the United States. And if you come  from special interest countries, like Iran, Syria, for example, you may  have to pay tens of thousands of dollars, but you can still make your  way in because of the broken border policies of the Biden  administration, which I will talk about here in a moment.   It really is a shame that such a beautiful, vibrant region of our  country that has benefited tremendously from the opportunities that  come from living along an international border has been damaged and  hurt in such an unfortunate way by the flood of humanity and drugs  coming across.   Legitimate trade and travel have shaped the unique culture of our  border and serve as a boon not just to local economies but to the  entire American economy. But like so many other areas along the U.S.- Mexico border, this region has become overwhelmed by the weight of the  current border crisis.   Last month alone, Border Patrol's Rio Grande Valley Sector--just one  of many sectors of the Border Patrol--logged more than 45,000 border  crossings. In the last year, nearly 340,000 migrants have crossed the  Rio Grande Valley Sector, and, overwhelmingly, the Biden administration  has simply just released them into the interior of the United States,  which has, in turn, proved to be a magnet for more people to come.   If, in fact, the Biden administration wanted to deter illegal  immigration, they would stop people from coming to  [[Page S5224]]  the border and entering the country illegally, and it would send people  back who somehow made it over. That would act as a deterrent.   But right now, notwithstanding the messages of people like Mayor  Adams, from New York City, when he recently went to Mexico City, he  said: Don't come. Don't come--well, the people who make the dangerous  journey from their home to the border and into the interior of the  United States, they frequently have access to this thing called  television and to this instrument we call a telephone. So they can see  people making their way across the border successfully, and they can  talk to relatives who have made the trip on the telephone who say: I  made it. You can too. Thus, we have seen this huge flood of migrants  across the border swell into a virtual tsunami.   It used to be that the overwhelming number of migrants came from  Mexico and the Northern Triangle countries. And that is when I hear  Vice President Harris and others talk--Secretary Blinken--about root  causes, like they want to go in and nation-build in order to discourage  people from those countries to come to the United States, which tells  me they really don't understand the nature of the current phenomenon  because it is not just people coming from Mexico and Central America;  President Biden's border policies have made it so that people from  virtually anywhere in the world can come to the southern border, say  the magic words, and be released into the United States.   In fact, we learned on our most recent trip that many migrants don't  even claim asylum before they are released because there simply isn't  enough capacity to hold them once they cross the border and then return  them where they came from. And there aren't anywhere near enough  removal flights to deport migrants without valid legal claims to stay  here.   So it is no surprise that people are traveling from all over the  world, literally, to take advantage of this open border policy. Agents  in the Rio Grande Valley Sector told us that they have apprehended,  recently, migrants from China, from Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia,  Nigeria, and other countries around the globe. America's southern  border is the world's worst kept secret.   When we arrived on Thursday night, we witnessed the sheer volume and  diversity of migrants arriving at the border. Some of my colleagues  spoke with a family from Moldova. You will have to look that up on your  map. But it is not Mexico. It is not Central America. But they just  crossed over the border moments earlier. You might ask yourself what  would a man and his wife and their 2- or 3-year-old daughter--how did  they make it from Eastern Europe to Texas's Rio Grande Valley. And the  answer is simple: with human smugglers.   Cartels and other criminal organizations have hit the jackpot with  the Biden border crisis. Indeed, you could say that President Biden has  outsourced U.S. immigration policy to these criminal organizations  because they are running the show, not President Biden.   In 2021 alone, they made an estimated $13 billion from human  smuggling operations. That is just the human smuggling alone. Since  then, the number of border crossings, of course, has skyrocketed. They  get paid by the head, so that is good business for the cartels. And I  imagine their profits have skyrocketed even further.   Cartel smuggling operations aren't limited to Mexico and Central  America. For the right price, these criminal organizations will help  anyone from anywhere reach the United States and make their way into  the interior.   As those who have made the journey can attest, it is an extremely  dangerous one, particularly for vulnerable women and children. Human  smugglers don't view these migrants as fellow human beings; they view  them as a commodity. Migrants are abused, neglected, extorted for more  money. Women are often raped or sold for sex. Some migrants have been  simply abandoned and left for dead if they become injured or unable to  continue their travel.   At one checkpoint, which is about 100 miles into the interior of  Falfurrias, TX--it is called Brooks County--they have spent hundreds of  thousands of dollars in this little, relatively poor, Texas county  burying the bones of dead migrants who have died from exposure in their  county because what happens is, once people come across the border, the  smugglers--sometimes called coyotes--they put them in stash  houses. Actually, we saw one stash house. And then when the time is  right, they are loaded in the vans and then transported up the highway.  That is the reason for the checkpoint about 100 miles inland. But what  the coyotes do is they tell the migrants: Get out of the vehicle before  we reach the checkpoint; walk around the checkpoint; and we will meet  you on the north side.    Well, for migrants who have come hundreds of miles, or further,  already suffering from exposure to make it in the hot Texas summers,  where it frequently exceeds 100 degrees, it should be no surprise that  some of them--many of them, unfortunately--do not make it. So that is  another consequence of the Biden border crisis and open border  policies.   And even after they cross the border, many migrants still owe massive  debts to the cartels who will not hesitate to use them for forced labor  or sex trafficking. In fact, if you go to parts of Houston, TX, you  will see women who basically are sex slaves because they are working  off their debt to the people who smuggled to get them into the interior  of the United States in the first place.   As I mentioned, we also visited a stash house where we saw the  migrants awaiting the next step of their journey, and I hate to imagine  what the cartels have in store for these individuals. But we know these  migrants are not the only victims of the border crisis. While agents  are busy processing and transporting migrants, it creates an open  highway for cartels and criminal organizations smuggling drugs into the  United States. They, of course, have spotters. They use drones for  technology to see where the Border Patrol is and where they are not.  And they use that knowledge to smuggle fentanyl, heroin--and God knows  what else--across the border and into our communities.   Here is a shocking statistic, at least it was to me. I don't know  whether the President of the United States even knows this. But the No.  1 killer of Americans between the ages of 18 and 45 is a synthetic  opioid called fentanyl--leading cause of death for Americans 18 to 45.   We know where it comes from. The precursors come from China. They  make their way to Mexico where the cartels mix them up, run them  through industrial-capacity pill presses, and make them look like  relatively innocuous pharmaceuticals. And then when a young man or a  young woman, let's say, in high school, like Sienna--whose father gave  me this rubber wristband at the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Independent  School District last April--they take this, thinking, Well, it is a  relatively innocuous pharmaceutical like Percocet or Xanax, but then  they don't wake up the next day, of course, leaving grieving families  wondering what in the world happened and how could this happen to them  and their child.   Drug overdoses alone have taken the lives of about 110,000 Americans  a year, currently. And as I said, fentanyl is responsible for about  two-thirds of it. Of course, we aren't just worried about substances  coming across the border but dangerous people too: criminals, people on  the Terrorist Watchlist, people coming from special interest countries  like the ones I mentioned.   It used to be that the number of people on the Terrorist Watchlist  who were apprehended along the southern border by the Border Patrol was  in the single digits. In the past year, at least 169 were apprehended.  And that doesn't account for the ``got-aways.'' The ``got-aways'' are  the 1\1/2\ million people who have been seen on cameras or detected on  sensors but who have evaded capture by the Border Patrol. And you can  bet that they are up to no good because they simply--if they actually  wanted to make their way into the interior of the United States and  didn't have a criminal record or were transporting drugs or on a  Terrorist Watchlist, they can just--like almost everybody else under  the Biden administration--come to the border, say the magic words, and  the Biden administration would release them into the interior of the  United States. But we have had 1\1/2\ million  [[Page S5225]]  ``got-aways'' evade law enforcement since President Biden took office,  including 169 people on the Terrorist Watchlist.   It seems like a long time ago to many people, particularly if you are  relatively young, but it was September 11, 2001, where 19 people killed  3,000 Americans by flying airplanes into the World Trade Center and the  Pentagon and taking down a plane over Pennsylvania.   So 19 terrorists killed 3,000 Americans back in 2001. We know that at  least 169 people on the Terrorist Watchlist have been apprehended so  far. We don't know how many actually have made their way into the  United States, but it is a safe bet it is people from countries all  around the world where the prevailing ideology is to kill Americans in  the United States.   So the truth is really, depressingly, stranger than even fiction here  because the potential for us to wake up someday and have a terrorist  attack in our country as a result of uncontrolled migration across the  southern border is very real, and it is growing by the day.   Yes, there is a humanitarian and security crisis at the border, and  it is impacting all of our country. That is the reason you have  Senators from Nebraska and Utah and Wyoming coming to the border,  because, as several of them said, every State is now a border State.  Recently, one of our colleagues from Montana was there, and he said:  You know, the fentanyl that comes across the border has made its way  into the communities in my State, in Montana, in the northern border of  our country.   So every State has become a border State as a result of the Biden  open border policy.   We know migrants are being exploited and abused. American families  are being terrorized by the opioid epidemic. Cities in Texas and across  the country are struggling to keep up with the mass humanitarian needs  of migrants. Yes, we heard from Mayor Adams from New York; we heard  from Mayor Bowser here in Washington, DC; the mayor of Chicago; the  Governors of Massachusetts and Illinois. This is a national crisis.   The situation is extremely complex, but the solution doesn't have to  be. We need deterrence through consequences. That is what the Border  Patrol tells me and tells anybody who will listen. If there are no  consequences to entering the country illegally, people are going to  just keep coming. I think we all understand why. But if we are going to  deliver consequences, which means to deter more people from coming,  that means ending catch-and-release, which is the policy of the Biden  administration. We need to actually remove people who have no legal  reason to remain in the United States. That means expedited removal. We  need to send a message to people who have no legal reasons to remain in  the United States that if they come, they will not be able to stay. It  is really not any more complicated than that. Congress doesn't need to  do a rewrite of our immigration laws in order to give President Biden  the authority to do these things. He already has that authority under  existing law, but he won't use it.   Deterrence is a key component of a safe and secure border. Until the  administration starts deterring would-be migrants with frivolous asylum  claims from even approaching our border, we will remain in a constant  state of crisis. And I predict it will get worse. We have just seen a  record number of people coming across the border. That number is going  to continue to grow as more and more people know that if they show up  at the border and say the magic words, President Biden will say: Come  on in.   The only way to truly understand what is happening at the border is  to see it firsthand and to speak with the individuals who live and work  in our border communities. I have had the pleasure, as I said earlier,  of taking dozens of Senators, both Republicans and Democrats, down to  the border to hear from these men and women firsthand. I appreciate all  of our colleagues who made the trip and continue to advocate for smart  border policies, especially, most recently, Senators Barrasso, Lee, and  Ricketts.   I want to thank the many men and women in the Rio Grande Valley who  took the time out of their schedule to speak with us. Their input is  absolutely invaluable to the work of the Senate. I am extremely  grateful to each of them.   I want to especially thank the law enforcement officers who are on  the frontlines of this crisis. Every day, Federal, State, and local law  enforcement put their lives on the line to safeguard our border and  stop potentially dangerous individuals and drugs from reaching our  communities, but they need our help, and they are not getting it today.  They deserve more than our gratitude; they deserve our commitment to  fix this crisis in any way we can.   President Biden has not only proven himself incapable but also  unwilling to address this border crisis, so Congress needs to step in  and fill the void. In the coming weeks, the Senate will advance  legislation to address some of our greatest national security threats,  including action to address the border crisis.   As my colleagues and I saw last week, this crisis cannot be fixed  with more no-strings-attached funding. We will not fund current border  policies under the Biden administration. As long as a flood of humanity  is coming across the border at this pace, it doesn't matter how many  Border Patrol agents or immigration judges we have; it won't be enough.   The only way to address this crisis is by deterring more illegal  immigration, and the simplest way of doing that is by delivering  consequences for entering the country illegally. It is a tried-and-true  strategy that has worked countless times before.   In the coming weeks, I hope Congress will step in where President  Biden has refused and establish deterrence once again.   I yield the floor.   