 Reserving the right to object.   Mr. President, Mr. Keohane has been nominated to be the Assistant  Secretary of Defense for Manpower and Reserve Affairs, which is the  senior leadership role in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense  for Personnel and Readiness. This is the very office responsible for  the Department of Defense's abortion travel policy.   I have been very clear with the Pentagon since the day that I placed  a hold on Mr. Keohane that I would be happy to release it if Secretary  Austin would rescind this abhorrent policy.   This policy has been politicized. It has politicized the military. It  has harmed the institutional norms of our country.   Beyond the clear violation of basic morality, Congress never  authorized the Department to use taxpayer funds to facilitate elective  abortions. Now for the Biden administration to begin such a policy and  use taxpayer resources to aid in the taking of unborn life, it defies  the will of Congress. And it violates the spirit--if not the letter--of  the law. Now taxpayers--many of whom have deeply held religious and  moral objections to abortions--they are on the hook to facilitate the  very abortions that they fundamentally oppose.   Worse yet, the Pentagon's stated reason for issuing the policy was  that the Supreme Court Dobbs decision had ``readiness, recruiting, and  retention implications.'' This is total nonsense. The Pentagon was, and  is still able, to provide any data or evidence to support their claim.  For the administration to cling to this policy is just wrong.   At the end of the day, whether it was the hundreds of holds from my  colleague from Alabama or my hold on Mr. Koehane, the reason to resolve  and the power to resolve this situation, it begins and ends with the  power of one man, and that is Secretary Lloyd Austin. With the stroke  of a pen, Secretary Austin can fix this situation and end the impasse.  It is time for him to do the right thing and to rescind the policy now.   I object.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, in the past year, we have witnessed one  aviation  [[Page S5980]]  failure after another from the Biden administration. They began the  year by nominating someone to head the Federal Aviation Administration  who didn't seem to know the first thing about aviation.   The administration's Secretary of Transportation has presided over a  series of, shall we say, transportation challenges. From near-miss  incidents to the first nationwide ground stop since 9/11, the  Department doesn't seem to have a handle on its basic function, and  that is looking out for the safety of the traveling public.   Now Senate Democrats are blocking the FAA from being reauthorized  right before the holidays. And the consequences of this lack of action,  it could be really severe. The FAA would lose the ability to collect  revenue and spend money from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund. That  would be disastrous, as the aviation trust fund is one of the few funds  in Washington that actually runs a surplus each year.   The Airport and Airway Trust Fund finances important safety  improvements for airports across the country, and any lapse in  authorization threatens to halt new and existing construction projects.   The FAA would also lose the ability to hire new air traffic  controllers at a time when key facilities are experiencing staffing  shortages.   Finally, a lapse in authorization could mean 10 percent of FAA's  workforce will be furloughed on January 1. Simply put, families who are  trying to visit their friends and loved ones for the holidays, they  shouldn't have to endure more hoops, hurdles, and delays.   America, we have the best aviation system in the world, and we can't  let politics get in the way of that.   I yield the floor.   