 Mr. Speaker, I proudly stand with Congresswoman Luna to  back this censure of a man that has been long overdue. I am glad the  galleries are now open where people can see firsthand that you cannot  get up in front of Congress or the American people and completely deny  the truth and continue to spread falsehoods.   There is no TV that could have been turned on over the last couple of  years when you didn't see Adam Schiff being questioned: Where is your  evidence on the Russia collusion? Where is it?   He couldn't answer it. It was always coming.   He used his position on the Intel Committee--and for those of you who  are listening, it is information we don't get as regular  Congresspeople. He used his position on the Intel Committee to spread  continuous lies with no facts. How did he do that?   He had access not only to the most sensitive information, he also did  not share the access or facts that backed what he was saying. The  trusted and sensitive position was abused by Congressman Schiff to  weave purposeful falsehoods around the Russia collusion.   The Mueller report and the Durham report make clear that the  foundations of his investigations were bogus. It showed that the  Director of National Intelligence, a former Obama Attorney General,  former Deputy Attorney General, and the FBI Director, among others, all  told his committee there was no direct evidence of criminal conspiracy.  Yet, he kept making the statements that his evidence was coming, and it  just never did.   Not only did he spread falsehoods that abused his power, he went  after a man, Carter Page, who was completely innocent. Inspector  General Horowitz found 17 major mistakes.    Inspector General Horowitz later found 17 major mistakes  and omissions, which provoked the FISA court presiding judge, Rosemary  Collyer, to state unequivocally that the FBI misled FISA.   The public smearing of Carter Page as a Russian collaborator, and  justification of spurious investigations of him were carried out with  Representative Schiff's contribution. This is a violation of American  civil liberties, and it is the very abuse that should not be warranted  in Congress.   All this to spend $32 million on an investigation that went nowhere.  It is an insult to the American people. The American people deserve  better.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Congresswoman Luna bringing this up. Words  have actions. Just because they continue to say it, does not make it  true. That is the case of what Adam Schiff has done.   