 Mr. Chairman, this bill presents a question that is  fundamental to the central architecture of our Republic: Who is to make  law?   This has been pointed out, and the Constitution is very clear on  this: ``All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a  Congress of the United States.''  [[Page H2869]]    What about that passage do my friends on the other side of the aisle  not understand?   The Founders wanted it to be hard to make laws so that society isn't  smothered by them. They wanted every voice in the land to be heard  through their elected representatives and be accountable and answerable  to the people.   The modern regulatory state takes these powers from the people and  gives them to unelected bureaucrats. An unelected agency writes the  law, and then it enforces the law that it has written. If it accuses  you of violating its law, you have to answer to the agency in a court  run by that agency without a jury, and the agency keeps the fines that  it assesses on you. Is there any more profound threat to a democracy  than that?   Ten times more laws are written by the regulatory agencies today than  by the people's representatives. Americans now have 10 times the chance  of being hauled into an administrative law court for breaking an agency  regulation than they have of being charged with a statutory crime where  they have the full protection of the Bill of Rights.   The REINS Act starts to put this genie back in the bottle by  requiring that regulatory acts that impose more than $100 million of  costs to the American public must be enacted by the elected Congress.  That means if you don't like that law, you can hold your elected  representative directly accountable. That is what a democracy is, a  government that answers to the people.   Opponents of this bill tell us that we must defer to the experts.  That is not a democracy. That is an oligarchy. We have just endured the  folly of experts--lockdowns and mandates the experts told us would slow  the spread of COVID. We now have study after study documenting that  their measures not only failed to protect us but did incalculable  damage to the economy and to the education of our children, and  needlessly cost lives through delayed health screenings and treatments,  drug and alcohol-related deaths, and increased suicide rates. No  representative voted for these measures. The regulatory state simply  imposed them.   Experts are there to advise us from every perspective. It is then the  responsibility of elected representatives on behalf of the people to  sort through their perspectives and advise and chart a course that  takes into account all the issues at hand and be accountable and  answerable to the people for those decisions.   Mr. Chair, this bill starts us back toward that democracy.   