 Madam Speaker, when Americans get behind the wheel, when  they want to drive their cars, they put it in ``R'' to go reverse and  then they put it in ``D'' to go forward. Just as in the House here, the  Rs want to take us backward, and the Ds want to drive us forward.   That is why I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4468. This bill would  block the EPA from finalizing its proposed medium- and light-duty  vehicle rule to strengthen tailpipe standards for future model years.   As we know, the transportation sector is the largest source of  greenhouse gas emissions in the United States, and it is also a major  emitter of other harmful air pollution.   It should not surprise anyone that the EPA is working to fulfill its  obligation to protect Americans from harmful air pollution.   This bill prejudges the outcome of that process and will stifle  technological innovation, despite the fact that the proposal will save  lives, save consumers money, and bolster American manufacturing.   More and more Americans are choosing to go electric. They realize  that EVs are not only good for the environment but also provide major  consumer savings over the life of the vehicle.   Thanks in large part to the incentives included in the Bipartisan  Infrastructure Law and the Inflation Reduction Act, even more of these  vehicles and their components will be made here in America.   The legislation before us will undermine the tens of billions of  dollars of planned investments to develop and produce American-made  clean vehicle technologies by injecting uncertainty into these  standards.   For over 100 years, America has been the greatest auto manufacturing  nation in the world. If we want to continue to retain that title, we  need to embrace the changes that are occurring in the sector. That  means supporting the regulatory policies and incentives that would  drive us forward to a cleaner and healthier future.   Unfortunately, this bill will stifle America's next great industrial  revolution before we even seriously get into the race with China and  dozens of other foreign competitors.   For the sake of promoting American innovation and to address our  pollution challenges and supporting our long-term national economic  competitiveness, I urge Members to oppose this bill.   Put it in ``D'' to go forward.   