 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself 2\1/2\ minutes.   My amendment would prohibit Federal Homeland Security funding from  being diverted for Operation Lone Star, ensuring that Federal Homeland  Security appropriations are spent on Federal operations like Border  Patrol.   Operation Lone Star, unfortunately, has been defined by corruption,  incompetence, and cruelty. Two years ago, the Governor of my State of  Texas launched Operation Lone Star, a destructive $4.5 billion  political stunt that has led to a Federal civil rights investigation,  the tragic deaths of 8 National Guard servicemembers, and a formal  diplomatic complaint from our Nation's and Texas' largest trading  partner.   Under the guise of border security, Governor Greg Abbott has embarked  on an unprecedented campaign of government overreach--seizing private  property, destroying livelihoods, and turning American border cities  and towns into war zones where helicopters buzz overhead and armed  troopers pull over American citizens for looking too much like  immigrants.   At the beginning of the summer, Governor Abbott installed invisible  razor wire in the middle of the Rio Grande and built a 1,000-foot  string of floating deathtraps that are separated by serrated blades and  secured to the riverbed with a net that is designed to catch and drown  the families who reach it.   During the August recess, I went down to Eagle Pass, Texas, to see  the impact of Operation Lone Star for myself. Standing on the banks of  the river, I could see scraps of clothing and shoes stuck in the razor  wire mesh that Governor Abbott's troops have installed on the border.   The wire isn't tall enough or strong enough to stop anyone who is  desperate enough to cross, but it is sharp enough to leave them  bloodied and broken.   When families finally make it to U.S. soil, Operation Lone Star  troopers have been arresting the fathers and sons on trumped-up  trespassing charges and locking them up for months at a time, some  without the ability to reach their families, while bussing their wives  and children to cities that are thousands of miles away and also to  other States, including New York, Colorado, California, and Illinois.   Mr. Chair, Americans want border security. They also want an  efficient and orderly immigration process. Operation Lone Star  interferes with that. It hurts the Federal Government's effort, and it  damages Border Patrol's efforts.   When Democrats were in the majority, we voted for billions of dollars  in funding for Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and  Customs Enforcement, and we fought to rebuild a functioning immigration  system  [[Page H4688]]  from what had been left behind by the Trump administration.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself an additional 30  seconds.   Mr. Chair, Operation Lone Star isn't border security. It is just  plain out brutality. There is a difference between treating people like  human beings and treating them like animals.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Casar), my good friend.    Mr. Chair, cruelty and incompetence, these are  what define Operation Lone Star. Unfortunately, the era that we are in  in American politics for those across the aisle is marked by  fearmongering because they have no solutions to the real issues that  confront Americans--education, healthcare, jobs. They can't even get a  budget together, so they try to scare everybody. They try to use these  brown-skinned immigrants to scare everybody. That is what this is  about. They are either going to send this money to Border Patrol or  they are going to send it to Greg Abbott so he can go on FOX News and  be celebrated.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   