 Mr. Speaker, the reason mysteries are called whodunits is  because they start with a crime, and then you have to try to figure out  who did it.   The Biden impeachment investigation isn't a whodunit, it is a what is  it.  [[Page H6880]]    It is like an Agatha Christie novel where the mystery is: What is the  crime?   That gets very tedious very fast. After 11 months of this, no one can  tell us what President Biden's crime was, much less where it happened,  when it happened, what the motive was, who the perpetrators were, or  who the victims were.   Maybe the funniest thing I have ever seen in Congress was yesterday  in the Rules Committee when Congressman Neguse kept asking Congressman  Reschenthaler what the crime was? Congressman Reschenthaler--who is not  on the Oversight and Reform Committee and is apparently just waking up  to the joke--kept saying that he didn't know what it was, but that is  why we need an impeachment investigation, to find out.   Congressman Neguse kept asking him: But what will the impeachment  investigation be looking for?   Finally, Congressman Reschenthaler said: A high crime or misdemeanor.   And Congressman Neguse said: Yes, but which one?   Now Congressman Neguse, of course, was involved in a real impeachment  investigation of a real Presidential offense: the incitement of a  violent political insurrection against this Congress, against the Vice  President of the United States, against the Constitution, and against  the election of 2020.   We did not need Sherlock Holmes and a magnifying glass to find the  Presidential crime with Donald Trump. It came right into this House and  smashed us in the face.   Now, it is true Chairman Comer has collected a mountain of evidence  over the last 11 months: tens of thousands of pages of documents and  dozens of hours of interviews with dozens of officials, but all of it  clearly shows that Joe Biden committed no crime. Even their own  witnesses, whom they called to the only public hearing they had, said  that there is not remotely enough evidence to justify impeachment.   Chairman Comer has bragged on FOX News about procuring 100 percent  compliance with his subpoenas, so forget about obstruction, which I  hear them muttering about today.   Mr. Speaker, I played a game with the little kids at our family  Thanksgiving. I asked them whether they had seen my henway. When they  said, What's a henway? I said, about 4 or 5 pounds. It is a dad joke,  and some of the bigger kids got it.   Nevertheless, when I asked the little kids, like 3 or 4 years of age,  if they had seen my henway, they said: What's a henway? I said 3 or 4  pounds. They started looking for it. When the other kids came along and  asked what they were doing, they said: We are looking for Uncle Jamie's  henway. Then for hours they were looking everywhere for my henway,  under the sofa and under the chairs, and it could go on for days like  that.   Mr. Speaker, we are all looking for the Republican Party's henway. It  just weighs 3 or 4 pounds, but it is costing us tens of millions of  dollars. So please forgive me for spoiling the party here, but I want  to say this to America: There is no henway. This stupid, blundering  investigation is keeping us from getting any real work done for the  people of America.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose this resolution which, to  my knowledge, would mark the first time in American history that the  House of Representatives would vote to tell private college and  university presidents to resign. I want all of my colleagues to think  very seriously about what this means for us today and in the future.   We are all profoundly disturbed by the resurgence of anti-Semitism  and racism in campus towns, including death threats, serious death  threats against Jewish students at Cornell, and actual shootings and  attempted murder of three Palestinian-American students in Burlington,  Vermont.   We all want to express our outrage in House resolutions, which we  have done more than 20 times as a House of Representatives, and  numerous times even since October 7. For example, on November 2, we  passed H. Res. 798, which condemned all forms of anti-Semitism on  college campuses, denounced any support for terrorist groups on campus,  reaffirmed the free speech rights of Jewish students and faculty, and  urged enforcement of Federal civil rights laws to protect Jewish  students against anti-Semitism.   Why do we need this resolution? The only thing new about it is it  would have the U.S. House of Representatives call specifically for the  resignation of two college presidents, a call that has been slipped in  at the bottom of page 2 of the resolution.   This extraordinary passage comes close to being what the Constitution  calls a bill of attainder, which is the unconstitutional imposition by  Congress on a specific citizen or citizens of a criminal punishment or  stigma by the Congress itself. Although this resolution is not a  criminal punishment or stigma against specific citizens, it is  undoubtedly a civil punishment and stigma against specific American  citizens.   How many of you would like the president of the college where you  went or where your children go to be walking around with a  congressional resolution telling them to resign?   Everyone knows that this will be an academic scarlet letter and a  professional death sentence for anyone carrying it around. Does anyone  think that UPenn President Liz Magill, who has already resigned in the  face of Ms. Stefanik's ceaseless campaign to force her out, will ever  be able to find another college presidency? Give me a break.   Now, I hold no brief for the college presidents' overly legalistic,  ethically tone-deaf answers awkwardly advanced in response to Ms.  Stefanik's rapid-fire, yes-no questions. It should not be difficult for  anybody to say in an age of rampant gun violence and lax Republican gun  laws, which have put tens of millions of AR-15s in circulation in our  society, anyone calling for genocide of the Jews, or anyone else,  should be sent immediately a campus security detail to see if they pose  the risk of harm to other people or if they need an immediate mental  health exam. If there is not an imminent threat, surely the call for  genocide of the Jews by definition constitutes a hostile learning  environment and should occasion aggressive disciplinary action. Where  is the common sense on the part of the college presidents?   Where is the common sense in the Congress of the United States of  America?   Calling for the resignation of private individuals at private  universities would be a dramatic and unprecedented departure for the  U.S. Congress, which has never before voted to tell a college president  to resign.   Before we affix this lifelong stigma, reproach, and dishonor on a  private citizen, do you think perhaps we should offer them some kind of  due process, the kind of due process that even George Santos got and  that Donald Trump is getting all over America right now for his 91  Federal and State felony charges?    Mr. Speaker, should Harvard President Claudine Gay, who  is the first Haitian American ever to serve in that position, and Sally  Kornbluth, who is Jewish, get the chance to explain what they are  actually doing to combat racism and anti-Semitism at their schools and  what they have done in their lives and in their careers to oppose anti- Semitism and racism, which are the gateways to destruction of liberal  democracy? Do we care about that, or is this just a bunch of drive-by  talking points?   Is it relevant that the Harvard and MIT boards have made unanimous  statements affirming the leadership of their two college presidents?  Are we saying that their boards don't matter or they are indifferent to  anti-Semitism and the leaders of the Freedom Caucus know better than  the Jewish president of MIT what anti-Semitism is?   Now, I know these two were the presidents testifying before Ms.  Stefanik, but are we sure that these two are even the worst in the  country when it comes to bias and discrimination? Is this a one-shot  deal, or, as Ms. Stefanik promises, is this just the beginning? Are we  going to go through all of the college and university presidents in  America? What about the CEOs of the businesses? Maybe they are not  performing to her satisfaction either.   Indeed, maybe there are college presidents who have looked the other  way in not hypothetical cases of anti-Semitism and racism but real  cases of anti-Semitism and racism. What about them? Are we going to let  them go, or are we going to go after them? Maybe we should determine  who the worst are before we start using the resources of the House of  Representatives to call for people to resign.    Are there college presidents, by the way, who looked the other way  when there was sexual abuse of college male wrestling team members,  rape of students, or female gymnasts or female soccer players? Are we  interested in that now that we are superintending higher education in  America, now that we are the appellate review board for the colleges?    Mr. Speaker, are we prepared to become the national  academic appeals panel for college presidents, coaches, and professors,  or is that perhaps best left to the universities themselves?   Maybe it is that we just don't have a positive legislative agenda of  our own to lower drug prices in America, to get aid to our democratic  allies in Ukraine against the fascist imperialist thug Vladimir Putin.  Maybe we don't have anything real to do, so we decide instead to go  around and start lecturing the college presidents and the college  boards all over America.   In the absence of a real program for America, the majority is filling  our hours with censures, expulsions, motions to vacate the speakership,  overthrow their own leaders, and, of course, impeachment of President  Biden for what? For doing nothing wrong. That is all that they give us.  This cannibalistic instinct they have unleashed now turns on private  citizens, academic leaders who will wear the scarlet letter ``A'' so  they can have some more press conferences.   Vote ``no'' on this resolution.   