 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I hope everybody in this body knows that  congressional oversight is a very important responsibility of all of  us, and it is even a constitutional demand. We must ensure that our  government truly does work for, of, and by the people. When fraud,  waste, and abuse is discovered, Congress has the responsibility to the  American people to make it public because transparency brings  accountability.   Today, we have an example of wrongdoing to discuss. It involves the  former Architect of the Capitol's blatant misuse of government  property. According to the Architect of the Capitol inspector general,  during Brett Blanton's time as Architect, he engaged in unnecessary,  very expensive, and impermissible conduct. For example, the report  found unauthorized vehicle use; misrepresentation as a law enforcement  officer; ethics violations; and, lastly, appropriations violations.  Specifically, the inspector general found that Blanton should have  driven approximately 10,438 miles using government vehicles. Instead,  the inspector general said that Blanton racked up 29,291 miles. That is  almost 20,000 extra  [[Page S1658]]  miles of unauthorized benefit on the taxpayers' dime.   The inspector general's October 6, 2022, report expressly noted that  Blanton's actions ``have violated every pillar the [Office of the  Inspector General] operates under including theft, fraud, waste and  abuse against not only the [Architect of the Capitol] but also the  taxpayer.''   In total, the inspector general identified $13,926 of inappropriate  costs associated with Blanton's use of government vehicles. On February  22 of this year, I sent a letter to Mr. Blanton asking him when he  would repay the money he impermissibly cost the taxpayers. As of  today--now several months later--he has failed to respond to my inquiry  and my staff's attempts to contact him. He has also made no effort to  repay the money that he owes the American people. His actions show no  respect for the taxpayer.   But that isn't the last word on this sad story. On the same day that  I sent a letter to Mr. Blanton, I also sent a letter to Acting  Architect of the Capitol Chere Rexroat. I asked her whether she  intended to seek repayment from Mr. Blanton. She and her team have  worked to recover these payments, and as of April 21, the money Mr.  Blanton owed the taxpayers was repaid in full: $12,517 has been  withheld from Mr. Blanton's final annual leave payment and has been  returned to the Treasury. The remaining $1,409 was contributed by an  insurance company.   When dealing with trillions of dollars in government spending, a  dozen or so thousand can seem like a very insignificant  amount. However, this amount would be important to a family struggling  to make ends meet in a time of record inflation and price hikes. And  the amount is important to me because it is about time that we see  civil servants holding someone accountable for wrongdoing.    So, obviously, before giving up the floor today, I want to emphasize  that congressional oversight doesn't deal out victories every day. When  wrongdoing is exposed and corrected, it should be noted.   So let's give all due credit to the Acting Architect of the Capitol  and also to her team for the recoupment of this taxpayer money. It may  be a small amount of money, but it is the right action to take. And we  ought to compliment it. And I compliment the Acting Architect today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   