 Mr. President, in a few minutes, the Senate will vote on  Danny Werfel's nomination to be the Commissioner of the Internal  Revenue Service.   Mr. Werfel told the Finance Committee that he will make his  priorities those of delivering fairness and building trust.   We know that he is going to do just that because he has done it  before. President Obama asked Mr. Werfel, during a very challenging  time, to serve as Acting Commissioner in 2013.  [[Page S734]]  Then, the Internal Revenue Service was under intense scrutiny for its  sloppy reviews of tax-exempt organizations and their political  activities. Mr. Werfel did his job in a way that improved trust in the  Internal Revenue Service.   He worked with both sides of the Senate Finance Committee. Our  investigation found that both left-leaning and right-leaning groups  were affected. The late Senator Orrin Hatch, a friend to many in this  Chamber, told me on a number of occasions how much he appreciated Danny  Werfel's professionalism and his open door for all sides.   It is time to rebalance the American system of tax enforcement.  Audits today, too often, are a burden that fall heavily on working  families--on nurses and firefighters and teachers and the middle class.  It is far too easy for the very wealthy and the multinational  corporations, which have armies of tax lawyers and accountants, to get  away with cheating and breaking the law. That is what the Democrats  sought to address in the Inflation Reduction Act.   Now, I understand that not everybody in the Chamber shares those  priorities. However, Mr. Werfel--and I will close with this--has  committed to the Finance Committee that he is going to work with both  sides of the aisle and bring transparency to the job. That includes how  the IRS will spend funding to improve taxpayer services, upgrade  information technology, and crack down on those wealthy tax cheats. He  is going to protect confidential taxpayer data. That is an enormous  priority for both sides. I think I am about as big a privacy hawk as  there is here in this body, and it is certainly a priority of mine.   Danny Werfel is a highly qualified nominee. He has agreed to take on  one of the toughest and most scrutinized jobs in public service. I urge  my colleagues to now support Danny Werfel's nomination to head the  Internal Revenue Service.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   