 Mr. President, when it comes to safeguarding the American  people, the United States has multiple layers of defenses.   We have, of course, the world's most powerful military, whose ranks  are filled with courageous and dedicated servicemembers. Our military  is equipped with cutting-edge technology, whether it has to do with  weapons systems, aircraft, ships, submarines--all the tools necessary  to defend our country and our country's freedoms.   But an important part of our defenses is our intelligence community,  the 17 Agencies that make up what is known colloquially as the  intelligence community. It is the intelligence community that collects  and analyzes information from around the world to make sure that we can  always remain at least one step ahead of our adversaries.   This information gathering is an invaluable part of our national  defense, and that critical national security information is, of course,  carefully safeguarded under what is known as the classification  system--secrets. Classification gives us an invaluable edge when it  comes to the ability to plan and prepare for threats over the horizon.  It strengthens our relationship with our allies around the world, with  whom we share much of this information, and it prevents consequential  information from falling into the wrong hands.   It also protects--and these are the keys to the kingdom, when it  comes to classified information--the sources and methods. In other  words, the way that our intelligence community collects information and  the people from whom that information is acquired are among the most  important secrets maintained by the government, because, many times, if  that were revealed, either our adversaries would be able to cut off  that access to information or, frankly, maybe even go so far as to kill  the sources of that information in the case of human intelligence. So  protecting sources and methods is absolutely critical.   Closely guarded intelligence information is vital to our national  security, but there is a very fine line between strategic  classification and excessive secrecy. If too much information is  withheld from the public, it can sow distrust. People let their minds  run away with them. They wonder what is going on--conspiracy theories  and the like. But, more fundamentally, the American people will  question what their government is actually doing and how it is using  the vast powers that they have delegated to the government.   Consent of the governed has always been the foundation of our  democratic system of government and the legitimacy of government  action, and, of course, the people cannot consent to something that is  withheld from them. So there is a very fragile balance here from what  is necessarily kept classified and secret and the information that  should be made public, because without  [[Page S1990]]  transparency, there is no political accountability. Without  accountability, there is no confidence that the government is actually  acting in the best interest of the people.   I have long been an advocate for reforms to the Freedom of  Information Act--in other words, the public's right to know. Former  Senator Pat Leahy was chairman of the Senate Committee on the  Judiciary. He and I were sort of the odd couple when it came to  ``freedom of information'' reforms. Senator Leahy was one of the more  liberal Members of the U.S. Senate, and I am one of the more  conservative Members of the Senate. But we found common cause when it  came to the public's right to know because it is too easy for  bureaucrats to hide behind a classification system that results in  overclassification. And when that bureaucrat can hide or bury that  information using an overly broad classification system, there can be  no accountability and, thus, the public's confidence in the people who  actually are governing is compromised.   So we need to figure out how to make sure our classification system  is rightsized so that it covers the things that it must cover in the  interest of our national security. Then we need to figure out what  represents overreach or overclassification, which undermines the  public's right to know and the political accountability that should  come with it, which is a fundamental basis for our form of government.   America's classification system has been ripe for reform for many  years. Daniel Patrick Moynihan chaired a committee that made  recommendations, but unfortunately those recommendations made many  years ago were put on a bookshelf somewhere and basically ignored. But  the problems have not gone away, and we have seen in recent days the  focus come back to how classified documents are handled and what  exactly represents our Nation's secrets, what should be protected and  what should not because it is really not important to our national  security.   Earlier this year, a trove of highly sensitive military documents  began appearing online. These documents included classified assessments  of the war in Ukraine, including tactical information about the  expected offensive. They detailed conversations between world leaders  and intelligence on adversaries and allies alike. These documents  didn't just reveal intelligence itself but also the methods by which  the United States collected intelligence. This information, of course,  was supposed to be kept confidential because it was intended for high- level military and intelligence leaders and policymakers--not a global  audience.   Based on the nature of the leaked documents, there was widespread  speculation that the source was a high-level military or intelligence  professional, but we now know that was not the case. The source of the  leak has been identified as a 21-year-old member of the Massachusetts  Air National Guard. He was an airman first class in the 102nd  Intelligence Wing, where he worked as an information technology  specialist.   So the first question that arose when the leaker was identified was,  How in the world did this relatively low-ranking 21-year-old  information technology specialist have access to some of our Nation's  most guarded secrets? How was he able to view, transcribe, photograph,  and remove these documents from a secure setting?   If this young man, who had a history of violent and racist remarks,  was granted access to our top-secret national security information, is  that some indication that maybe too many others have been granted  access to this information and that maybe too many individuals have  security clearances authorizing them to view this information?   Well, at last count, there were about 4.2 million Americans in this  country--4.2 million Americans--who have security clearances. That  number strikes me as incredibly large and I think is some evidence that  too many people have been getting too many security clearances because  too much information is classified when it shouldn't be, when it  doesn't need to be. Those 4.2 million people with security clearances  include more than 1.2 million with access to top-secret information.   The issue isn't just that too many people have access to classified  information but also that too much information is classified. As  members of the Senate Intelligence Committee, my colleagues and I  regularly receive classified briefings and review documents that are  highly confidential. There have been many times when I left one of  these briefings thinking, this is something that any reasonably  informed person already knows. All they need to do is read the major  newspapers or watch television--television news in particular.   Many times, we are presented with information which is deemed  ``classified'' in a secure setting which is, frankly, common knowledge.  That is another indication that our classification system is working in  overdrive and needs to be rightsized.   We are presented with information briefed as ``classified'' which  could be just as easily learned by watching the news or reading a  newspaper, as I said. Still, these documents are classified at the same  level as sensitive military documents and intelligence analysis have  been classified.   Honestly, I think one reason why we see not only President Trump but  President Biden and Vice President Pence concerned about access to  classified information outside of a secure setting is because many  people who have access to classified information recognize that we have  an overclassification problem, and so they let down their guard and  they say: Well, this is information that is not particularly secret  because a reasonably informed person would already know it or have  access to it.   So I submit we have an overclassification problem, plain and simple,  and we are not doing nearly enough to declassify information for the  public or our allies and make it available to the American people.   There are many circumstances in which declassification safeguards our  national security. We can't just be an absolutist about this. We need  to be careful. One great example is the way we declassified and shared  information with our allies in the runup to Russia's invasion of  Ukraine. That gave Ukraine enough battlefield awareness to push back  against the initial attack and save countless lives. It also unified  the Western response, leading to quick condemnation of Russia's attack  and resources for the Ukrainian forces.   Declassification is an important way to share valuable intelligence  with our friends and allies around the world when we can, and it  promotes cooperation, which is key to combating the threats we face  today like the Ukrainians are facing with the Russian invasion, but it  is also a crucial way to show the American people what their government  is doing on their behalf--declassification, that is.   Our ability to govern ourselves depends on public access to  information. As I said earlier, you can't consent to something you  don't know anything about, and consent of the government is the  foundation of our system.   The American people have a right to know what their government is  doing. Declassification builds trust and transparency. It inspires  confidence in the incredible work our intelligence professionals are  doing, and it equips scholars with the information to conduct academic  research that informs decision making by looking back on our history  and learning from those lessons of history.    As all of our colleagues know, there is a very delicate balance  between transparency and secrecy, but it is time that we tune-up the  system. We need to examine and refine the processes that govern the  classification and declassification of sensitive information and make  some long-overdue reforms.   Last month, the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee,  Senator Warner, and I introduced a bill we called the Sensible  Classification Act, which includes critical reforms to modernize  America's classification system. This legislation would increase  accountability and oversight. It would require training to promote  sensible classification and also promote efficient declassification. It  would direct Federal Agencies to justify security clearance  requirements, so only those individuals who need access, given the  nature of their jobs, are given access to classified information.   This legislation has already garnered broad bipartisan support and a  long list  [[Page S1991]]  of cosponsors, including Senators Moran, Wyden, Collins, King, Rounds,  Heinrich, Lankford, and Casey.   As the Senate Intelligence Committee prepares the Intelligence  Authorization Act, I have offered this legislation as an amendment to  that bill, which hopefully will be included as part of the National  Defense Authorization Act. When the committee votes to advance this  bill in the coming weeks, I hope this legislation will be included.   This is an example of broad bipartisan cooperation and the result of  many conversations we have had with leading intelligence and national  security experts in the United States.   I am confident that this legislation will both protect the integrity  of America's classification system and help restore needed trust and  confidence in the government.   Recent headlines have shone a light on the flaws in our  classification system. It is overwhelmed and in need of reform, and  that is exactly what the Sensible Classification Act aims to fix.   I look forward to working with all of our Senate colleagues as we  fight to restore transparency and accountability and preserve our  ability to classify the most sensitive national security secrets as  part of our layered national defense. We can and should and must do  both.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   