 Mr. President, on February 2, I called on Japanese Prime  Minister Kishida to transfer U.S. Navy Lt. Ridge Alkonis back to U.S.  custody no later than midnight on February 28. I was explicit that a  very public discussion about the U.S.-Japan relationship--and, in  particular, the U.S.-Japan Status of Forces Agreement--would ensue if  Lieutenant Alkonis were not back in U.S. custody by that date.   It is now March 1, 2023, and it is about 6:20 p.m. And Ridge Alkonis  is not only not back in U.S. custody, he is not only not on U.S. soil,  he is still languishing in a Japanese prison.   So let's have a frank discussion about our Status of Forces Agreement  with Japan because we have waited long enough. Ridge Alkonis has waited  long enough. And his wife Brittney Alkonis has waited long enough.  Their children have waited long enough, all three of them. We are done  waiting.   The Japanese Government has unjustly incarcerated Lieutenant Alkonis  for too long. I traveled to Tokyo in August to meet with Japanese  Foreign Minister Hayashi, where he made an unequivocal commitment to  expedite the Council of Europe prisoner transfer once the U.S.  paperwork was completed. And it was understood at the time that that  would be in a matter of days or weeks, not months or years.   Lieutenant Alkonis felt comfortable signing off on the transfer  paperwork because of Foreign Minister Hayashi's commitment. With this  understanding, the U.S. Department of Justice completed the necessary  paperwork in less than 2 weeks. Japan has been sitting on that request  ever since then, for months and months and months.   However, the Japanese Government tried to renege on its promise by  having a junior member of the Japanese Embassy staff in Washington  reach out to a member of my staff to deny that Foreign Minister Hayashi  had ever made such a commitment. Allow me, not a member of my staff, to  correct the record. Foreign Minister Hayashi, you did make that  commitment to me. I have not forgotten it, and I know you haven't  either.   This isn't too much to ask of any country, let alone one on which we  spend billions of dollars--billions of dollars--a year to defend. A  Council of Europe transfer is not an extraordinary request. On the  contrary, these kinds of requests are routine. Situations like this one  are the very reason why we have a prisoner of transfer process in the  first place. The stated purpose for the Council of Europe Treaty is to  facilitate the rehabilitation of the transferred offenders and to  relieve some of the administration and diplomatic issues that arise  with the incarceration of foreign nationals.   Now, look, to be very clear, we are not even asking for Ridge to be  released from custody, for him to just be told that his sentence is no  longer intact. We are simply asking that he be transferred to U.S.  custody to serve out the remainder of his sentence.   These transfers happen all the time. It makes little sense that we  would allow those tasked with defending the Constitution and its  enshrined principles to be treated so poorly by an allied nation, to be  subjected to laws so draconian that they are unrecognizable to the  principles of justice our servicemembers swear to defend.   When we swear to defend the Constitution of the United States, it  represents an enduring commitment to individual liberty--a spirit that  says no matter who we are or where we came from or what religion, if  any, we practice, we enjoy liberty that is self-evident because it is  God-given.   Our Armed Forces stand ready to protect not only the safety and  sovereignty of the United States but the safety and sovereignty of our  friends, like Japan, which enjoyed over $20 billion in U.S. military  aid over the last 5 years. And yet, they can't keep their promise to  facilitate a routine prisoner transfer? I cannot and will not accept  that--not now, not ever.   I don't think the American people can accept that either. In fact, I  know they can't, nor should they. I don't think they would be OK  knowing that we spend billions of dollars to defend a country when our  Status of Forces Agreement with that country is so unfavorable to our  troops. I don't think they would be OK sending 55,000 of their sons and  daughters to support an allied country where they won't have the most  basic legal right.   I am certainly not. Japan isn't either.   To illustrate, under the terms of the Japan-Djibouti Status of Forces  Agreement--Djibouti, by the way, is the only country in which Japan has  a foreign base--Japanese servicemembers are immune from criminal  prosecution. They are completely immune. Why should Japan be allowed to  treat U.S. forces any less favorably than Japanese forces are treated  by Djibouti?   Look, I want to be very clear here. Japan has a good thing going. It  doesn't get much better than the deal they have got going. I don't know  why they would want to jeopardize that.   But patience in Washington has grown thin. And the Japanese  Government has vastly underestimated the intensity of bipartisan  support for Lieutenant Alkonis in Congress at every level of  government, including a commitment from President Biden--a recent  commitment from President Biden himself--to Brittney Alkonis, saying:  ``I promise you, we're not giving up, OK?''   President Biden is right. He said that with good reason. And he said  that not only as President of the United States but also as a red- blooded American who cares about this country--himself a father of a  decorated, respected U.S. military officer. We are not giving up. This  isn't going away. We are not just going to keep quiet. And the longer  Ridge remains in Japanese custody, the louder we will get.   If the Japanese Government can't respect our servicemembers, and we  can't trust them to uphold their commitments, then we are long overdue  for a renegotiation of the Status of Forces Agreement between our two  nations. We must do so to protect our servicemembers, especially if  they are stationed in a country with a justice system as draconian as  Japan's.   In Japanese criminal justice, interrogation is the primary means  police and prosecutors use to obtain confessions. These are no ordinary  interrogations--not by our standards, not by a long shot. In a typical  criminal case, the average Japanese interrogation lasts more than 20  hours. In bribery interrogations, they average 130 hours.   The night that Lieutenant Alkonis was involved in that tragic  accident, rather than being taken to a hospital, he was placed in  solitary confinement for 26 days. During that time, he was denied  access to legal counsel, denied access to an adequate translator,  denied proper medical care--despite the fact he had just been in a  serious accident--and was subjected to intense interrogation tactics at  all hours of the night. He was subjected to bright lights, causing  sleep deprivation, and coerced into signing complex legal documents  written in Japanese, with no interpreter available, just to have a  chance at getting bail.   It was later discovered that Japanese authorities manipulated  Lieutenant Alkonis's forced statement. It is not uncommon in Japan  where 26 percent of prosecutors there have admitted in an anonymous  survey to falsifying suspects' statements. He was told not to contest  the falsified documents as the Japanese court would perceive this as a  lack of remorse. Given the unfair treatment of one of our best and  brightest, we as a Congress should take every precaution to ensure that  our servicemembers are never ever treated this way again.    I am not exaggerating. The U.N. Human Rights Council and other legal  [[Page S561]]  and human rights organizations have long criticized Japan's justice  system for unnecessarily long pre-indictment detention periods, denial  of lawyers during interrogations, and questionable interrogation  tactics, to put it mildly. Often, these practices lead to false  confessions and have resulted in Japan's legal system being known as  ``hostage justice''--appropriately so.   Don't believe me? The criminal conviction rate in Japan is 99  percent.   We have status of forces agreements to establish frameworks under  which U.S. military personnel operate in foreign countries and how  domestic laws of foreign jurisdictions apply to U.S. military personnel  in those countries. At a minimum, any agreement between the United  States and a foreign country should provide adequate legal protections  for American servicemembers. This means access to legal counsel, and it  means access to a competent interpreter, and it means access to medical  treatment throughout the legal process. These are basic rights afforded  in modern and fair justice systems, but not in Japan.   It is not too much to ask for a renegotiation of our SOFA with Japan.  Many similar concerns once existed in the Republic of Korea. However,  we successfully implemented much needed improvements to the U.S.-Korea  SOFA to include a U.S. Government representative to be present during  any interview or interrogation; a lawyer to be present at any time at  the request if a servicemember so requires it, or a dependent,  including during the interviews and interrogations, as well as, of  course, a competent interpreter. We need these same changes to be made  in the U.S.-Japan SOFA.   Look, I am sure--in fact, I am certain--there are many who wish I  weren't giving this speech. I have been told that it just isn't worth  risking the relationship we have with the strategic partner over a  single American. They are wrong. The Latin term ``Unus pro omnibus,  omnes pro uno'' means ``one for all, all for one.'' The concept is  depicted multiple times in the Bible. It can be found in the works of  Shakespeare and was made popular by Alexander Dumas in his 1844 novel  ``The Three Musketeers.''   Our military personnel and their families sacrifice their blood,  sweat, and treasure so that all of us might enjoy the blessings of  liberty that generations of Americans fought and died to protect. They  truly embody ``all for one and one for all.'' But what does it say  about us if we are collectively unwilling to stand up for the rights of  the one? We cannot expect people to stand up for their country if their  country does not stand up for them.   