 Madam President, I come here today--we are going to vote  later this afternoon--on something else that involves overreach of the  Federal Government, and I have witnessed it a lot.   I have been here just a little over 4 years. I jump in--I come from  Main Street America--when it just doesn't make sense. The last time I  was engaged in this was at the tail end of the COVID saga, when a rule  from the Biden administration was going to force the vaccination on all  Americans working, if you work for a company down to 100 employees.  That is a lot of people.   We weighed in on that. It was bipartisan. The Supreme Court jumped in  a week and a half or two later and, thank goodness, said enough is  enough there.   Here, we are talking about something you hear the acronym, ESG-- environment, social, and governance. In a nutshell, that just means  now, when we are looking at hard-earned money that you save, your  retirement--let me tell you how much it is going to impact: $11.7  trillion, 152 million Americans.   I really am OK with what you want to invest in, as long as it is  going to push the best rate of return. Over the long run, if something  changes, that is different. But, currently, this rule now allows the  criterion of using those ESG goals, which would be simplified, being  able to push a certain ideology, a certain point of view, into how  retirement earnings are invested.   You have got to remember, this is a fiduciary thing. Most people,  when they give money to their financial adviser, their broker, you  would think they would think that it is going to get the best return.  Bloomberg tracked it. If you would actually invest according to  ideology over the last few years, it would have been the difference  between an 8.9-percent return and a 6.3-percent return.   Imagine trying to explain that in a way where someone trusted that  you would be doing the best thing with their hard-earned money to get  the best financial return. That is nearly a 30-percent cut in what you  would have had otherwise. I have got to believe everybody would be  thoroughly upset with that.   It is a step too far. It is injecting the Federal Government, and how  it has enterprised over the last couple of years, into many different  arenas. I think it is a wake-up call.   We are going to vote on this later this afternoon. Everyone will be  able to, I think, hopefully, vote in a way that they would tell their  constituents would make sense, give me the best rate of return. Figure  out all this other stuff here on the legislative floor, but don't make  it impact hard-earned retirement funds.   The House just last night passed this in a bipartisan way. Hopefully,  we will do the same thing later this afternoon. It makes sense to  Hoosiers. It makes sense to Americans.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   