 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the  Consumer Price Index is defined as ``the average change over time in  the prices paid by urban customers.''   Now, let me say that again: Urban customers. What about the 46  million Americans who live in rural areas or the 2.6 million workers  that are working on a farm or the 1.3 million in the military? They are  crushed by inflation, as well.   Illinois' 12th District is one of the largest agricultural districts  in the region. It is also home of Scott Air Force Base. But all too  often, these hardworking, God-fearing patriots are ignored by the D.C.  swamp.   The President can't ignore their needs simply because they don't live  in liberal cities like New York, L.A., and Chicago, so my amendment is  simple.   Since the spending patterns of military personnel, individuals in  rural areas, and farm households are not included in the CPI, they must  be taken into account separately in this report.   These are the individuals who produce the food on our kitchen tables,  the ones who raise their right hand and swear to defend our Nation.  They deserve to be represented, to be heard. My amendment ensures that  they are.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, yes, because the definition itself describes  that it is only urban and, therefore, not considering the issues,  because I can guarantee you that the price and the situation that  occurs in people's lives and the cost of living is completely different  from one area to the other.   We are just saying that this should be taken into consideration, as  well.    Will the gentleman yield?    It is my understanding, by the definition, that would be  the case, that everyone should be considered. By this definition, it is  not everyone that is considered, only urban.    By the definition that the Consumer Price Index is defined  as the average change, over time, in prices paid by urban customers,  not by all customers, which would include the people I was talking  about, urban only.    Will the gentleman yield?    Let me explain it this way. The answer is, I don't know,  nor do you, nor does anyone because we only use the urban. Therefore,  the best thing we could do is include all.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer).    Madam Chair, I appreciate the input from everybody  involved, and I ask for positive consideration.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   