 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment is very simple. It deals with  a man named Gary Gensler, who is the head of the Securities and  Exchange Commission. He has been implementing woke policies and abusing  the rulemaking process.   One of the Security and Exchange Commission's primary  responsibilities is to protect investors. However, rather than  implementing rules to protect and grow investments, which he is  supposed to do, Mr. Chair, Gensler is focusing on catering to the  leftwing mob. He is forcing companies to prioritize Green New Deal- style climate initiatives and diversity quotas over the interests of  investors.   Additionally, Mr. Chair, Chairman Gensler abuses the rulemaking  process, for which he has been called on the carpet by both parties. He  continues to put forward many highly controversial rules with little  time for public comments. During the last Congress, Republicans and  Democrats both expressed their concerns, as I mentioned, regarding  Gensler's habit of proposing rules without allowing adequate time for  public comment.   Biden's Securities and Exchange Commission has proposed nearly twice  as many rules as the Trump administration had proposed in the same  timeframe. This drastic increase under Gensler's leadership  demonstrates where his real priorities lie, Mr. Chair. He is more  committed to pushing political agendas on publicly traded companies,  which he has no business doing, than performing his official duties as  Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.   Chairman Gensler's insistence on corrupting the rulemaking process to  further the Biden administration's radical agenda at the expense of  investors contradicts his duties as Chairman of the SEC.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment in the  Financial Services and General Government appropriations bill that  reduces Chairman Gensler's salary to $1.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Womack), my friend and mentor.    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 45 seconds to the  gentleman from Arkansas.    Mr. Chair, I thank my friend and mentor, the gentleman  from Arkansas, for his friendship. When I first got here, he was  probably one of the most influential people in my life on this floor,  so I thank him for that, and I thank him for his support of this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   