 Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague from  Florida (Mr. Gaetz) for yielding. I also thank my colleagues, Mr. James  and Mr. Zinke for their service. They, like myself, are combat veterans  who understand the total cost of warfare.   Mr. Speaker, before I get into my statement, I will address a couple  of things that were mentioned by my colleagues here today. We talked  about the idea that we are here to preserve freedoms and we are here to  preserve democracy. Let's talk about our role in democracy.   We went into Iraq in 2003 under the auspice that we were there for  weapons of mass destruction and to liberate the people of Iraq. Only 2  years later did we supplement this with the 2005 Iraq Constitution,  whereby article 76, in its own design, created sectarian democracy that  gave rise to the Iranian control which ultimately gave rise to China's  domination.   We are not a nation-building element. We are warfighters. We are  there to conduct counterterrorism operations when needed, but only at  the expense that it is to the benefit of the American national security  and U.S. interests.   He talked about timely. I ask you, Mr. Speaker, we started our  operations in Mogadishu in the early 1990s. We started the operations  in Afghanistan in 2001, and we started the operations in Iraq in 2003.  So by what definition do we determine is timely?   The idea that my colleague--and rightfully so, and I agree with him-- Mr. James said about the repeal and replace piece of the AUMF, which I  do view as an abdication of our roles and responsibilities as  legislators under the Constitution in Article I, Clause 8, it does have  a replacement, and I just stated it. It is called the United States  Constitution war authorities.   At no point in time can you find in the Constitution whereby it says  we can repeal our rights as legislators under the Constitution to put  in something which abdicates our roles and responsibilities for 20-plus  years on an AUMF that was designed, and now being abused, by Presidents  on the left and the right, who have been using it for its unintended  purposes.   While I agree with my colleague, Mr. Gaetz, that Afghanistan is  completely not relevant to the discussion that was made, we are talking  about an area whereby President Biden utilized political optics over  military strategy, endangering the lives of our military, when we know  that it was a conditions-based withdrawal.   One thing was actually stated that is correct, which is the threat in  which China possesses when it comes to the African Continent and that a  vacuum could be created. Let's go ahead and focus on what China's  ultimate goal is because it is not kinetics. It is not about the bomb- to-bomb, gun-to-gun, or bullet-to-bullet mechanism.   It is about the economic and resource warfare impact. It is about the  Belt and Road Initiative, which expands out the Eurasian border, takes  over Africa, Oceania, cuts off the Western Hemisphere's supply chain in  an effort to utilize the WHO, WEF, and OPEC to eliminate the U.S.  dollar from the global currency.   Let us address that issue. It is not one that is done by kinetics and  warfighters, but by a whole-of-nation approach that deals with  Treasury, that deals with the economic build-out, that deals with  strengthening the industrial base at home, which stops the reliance on  the very adversaries that we pay to slap us around every day.   The idea that we are going to play this terrorist whack-a-mole where  every time one pops, we send a new force, it does nothing to actually  try and help with stabilization. Let's talk about our interactions.    We had a terrorist organization known as al-Qaida in the Arabian  Peninsula, which was based in a small portion in the Gulf of Aden out  in Yemen. It wasn't until our drone strikes that caused numerous  civilian casualties did we not play right into the ideology that  Americans are here to destroy us and kill us due to our religious  beliefs.   We were actually the reason that al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula  continued to grow. My colleague on the left--who I have a great deal of  respect for and we sit on the Foreign Affairs Committee--Mr. Meeks, he  talks about the fact that we have had no Americans killed in Somalia.  That is absolutely false.   In fact, we just had another soldier killed in 2018 as a result of an  explosion that resulted in three more. Also in 2017, we had three more  killed that were there. As someone who has had to go visit Arlington  Cemetery on many occasions to see my brothers that are no longer here  with me today, I don't think that we need to spare one more life of  American bloodshed in an effort that we don't have a clear, strategic  military objective to begin with.   Mr. Speaker, I ask that we look at not being isolationists, as we are  always called and considered, but also not interventionists. Our goal  is to be protectionists; protection of our constitutional rights, our  sovereignty, and the American people. That is our role.   We keep talking about this 2001 AUMF that we are to repeal. Let's go  through this. In 2019, the amendment to the 2020 NDAA to repeal the  2002 AUMF was stripped out in its final version. On November 14, 2018,  the resolution introduced to assert Congress' war power authorities in  Yemen, the Rules Committee stripped the resolution and its procedural  privilege.  [[Page H2061]]    Soon after, the Rules Committee stripped privilege from all war power  resolutions for the remainder of the 115th Congress.   We keep talking about what we are going to do, but I have seen very  little action. This is one of the reasons I ran for Congress because  there are too many politicians who like to talk and not enough  statesmen who are willing to act.   I know a little thing about action, considering that between my  military and government experience I spent over 7 years of my life in  Iraq, almost 3 years of my life in Afghanistan, Kosovo, Pakistan, and  guess what, northern Somalia and the Puntland areas of Hargeisa and  Berbera.   I can tell you very clearly that what we are doing right now in our  procedures is not making us safer. We must start to look at a real  change in order to protect America, stop abdicating our roles and  responsibilities, and start leading from the front.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding those 2  minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I want to approach a couple of things here. We keep  talking about the idea that our presence and these 900 people in  Somalia are somehow leading to a stabilization effort. However, the  reality is this: When was our actual presence required for  stabilization as opposed to counterinsurgency and counterterrorism  operational tactics?   We talk about the threats, but the real threat is China, which is  existential to all of us. We allow them to go into Ghana, into the  Ashanti belt, and completely pillage resources with no U.S. response.   Where were our 900 troops that were there to help with this  stabilization when our greatest adversary was there robbing and  pillaging?   By the way, where are we with regard to: If we are there to fight and  combat Al-Shabaab, then why are we not taking a greater presence when  it comes to the oil resource protection in Lake Turkana out in Kenya?  It is a place I know very well because I spent time in Nairobi and also  in Karen.   We continue to try to act as if we are stabilizers, but do we not  remember what took place in Libya, where we actually helped with  supporting the destabilization that now has led to the Misrata militia,  the Sirte militia, and further economic turmoil?   Mr. Speaker, you can't point to a single agenda, whether it was  Afghanistan, Iraq, or Somalia, or whether it was Libyan support--you  can't point to a single one where our presence has actually led to  greater stability.   What it has led to is more U.S. lives being lost, more economic  deficiency for America, and more of us trying to be the world's police  and creating more adversaries and enemies throughout the world stage.   Again, I continue to ask the same question to every one of my  colleagues on the left and the right: How does our presence actually  strengthen us from stabilization, provide us stronger allies, and give  us the actual economic strength that we need to outpace China, which is  our greatest existential threat? How does this 2001 AUMF that is being  misused and abused for an open, carte blanche of warfare support  America's goals?   