 Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I rise today at the direction  of the House Democratic Caucus to place into nomination for the  position of Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Honorable  Hakeem Jeffries of New York.   Here we are again, Mr. Speaker pro tempore, and I promise to make  these speeches shorter if we get closer to a compromise, but I am not  certain that is going to happen at this moment.   While the Republican candidate for Speaker is making late-night  backroom deals to secure the gavel, Leader Jeffries has once again  extended the hand of bipartisanship for a path forward.   One thing was very clear yesterday, the vote total: 212-200. The  People's House has spoken and Leader Jeffries has the support to be the  Speaker that this country needs. Mr. Speaker pro tempore, 212-200, no  amount of election denying is going to take away from those vote  totals.   Mr. Speaker pro tempore, we shouldn't be surprised at the vote count.  I noted yesterday the legislative acumen of the gentleman from Ohio.  Would it surprise anyone that in addition to not passing a single piece  of legislation, he has never put up a piece of legislation that has  made it to a committee?   The Speaker of the House must be a legislator, and the gentleman from  Ohio falls short in that regard. He supports an extreme agenda and is  hell-bent on banning abortion nationwide, gutting Medicare, gutting  Social Security, and giving cover to January 6 attackers. Those aren't  the values that we share.   If we don't see a Speaker elected in this round, there is going to be  another candidate, another internal Republican Conference vote, and a  secret ballot. The country can't afford more delays and more chaos.  Fifteen days should be enough.   House Democrats are united on this path forward. We are united behind  Hakeem Jeffries. We are united to put people over politics, to lower  costs, create better paying jobs, build safer communities, and defend  democracy.    Once again, we are coming together to achieve this common goal, and  that is to make Hakeem Jeffries Speaker of the House of  Representatives.   Mr. Speaker pro tempore, Hakeem Jeffries has done what we haven't  seen from the other side of the aisle, and that is to keep the Caucus  united. When extreme MAGA Republicans vowed to send our country into a  devastating default, it was Leader Jeffries who led House Democrats to  reject the extremism and keep the government open. Mr. Speaker pro  tempore, we have the vote totals to back that up.   It has been Leader Jeffries and House Democrats who have shown a  willingness and a conviction to keep our promise to deliver for  American families, and it will be Hakeem Jeffries who moves our body  and our country forward on a bipartisan path.   Mr. Speaker pro tempore, who on the other side of the aisle will take  ``yes'' for an answer and work with us to achieve three common goals?   My colleague and good friend, the gentleman from Oklahoma, mentioned  one of them: supporting assistance to Israel. What he left out was  assistance to Ukraine and our national security objective.   Second, above all else, we must commit to keeping this government  open and functioning.   Finally, Mr. Speaker pro tempore, we need to put this body on a  bipartisan path to achieve real results for the American public. That  is what we were sent to do. That is what we need to do. That is why  Hakeem Jeffries is the leader we need at this time to lead this  Chamber.   Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I would like to nominate Hakeem Jeffries as  Speaker of the House.   