 Mr. President, the Founders of our country understood the  dangers of concentrating military power in the hands of a single  individual.   They had seen how dangerous this can be, thanks to their experience  with King George III. In fact, the specific charges against the King in  our Declaration of Independence, as so many know, lay out ``a long  train of abuses'' by the military.   When it came time to draft the Constitution of the United States, the  Framers had to strike a balance between giving the President the  flexibility to respond to attacks and imminent threats and safeguarding  against military adventurism, so they gave Congress--they gave this  body--the power to declare war.   The practices of our early Presidents recognized the distinction  between defensive military action--over which the President has  control--under Article II of the Constitution and offensive operations,  which must be approved by Congress in advance.    Fast forward to today; this process has broken down. And for the last  three decades, this body has often neglected what is arguably its most  important responsibility.   I think many Americans will be surprised to learn that these  authorizations for use of military force--or AUMFs--especially the 1991  Gulf war resolution, are still on the books.   Today, these are, in the words of my friend Tim Kaine, who joins me  on the floor today, ``zombie resolutions.'' They have fulfilled their  purpose, and now they should be removed from our law.   Importantly, the repeal of the 1991 and 2002 resolutions would affect  no current military operations. So the issue for us to consider is both  what these AUMFs actually do authorize and what they could be used to  authorize in the future.   It has been well over a decade since any administration has cited the  2002 AUMF to authorize any military action; however, leaving these  authorities on the books creates an opportunity for abuse by the  executive branch and bypasses Congress on the most important issue we  consider as a body, which is how and when to send our men and women in  uniform into harm's way.   On the topic of Iran as it relates to this effort, I share the views  of so many of my colleagues on the need to counter Iran. I really do.  But reimagining a more than 20-year-old authorization that was passed  to combat a totally different enemy is not the way to do it.   Practically, repeal of the 1991 and 2002 AUMFs is very important  because of the message that we send to our partner Iraq and to our  other partners in the region and beyond.   Let us be clear. Saddam Hussein is dead, and we are no longer worried  about the threat posed by Iraq, as stated in this AUMF, which we  propose repealing.   Iraq has faced pressure from Iran for the past 20 years. The presence  of the 1991 and 2002 AUMFs has not changed that. Going forward, as Iraq  continues to face Iranian coercion and violence,  [[Page S813]]  we must increase our resolve to stand with them as partners, not as our  enemy, and repealing these authorizations would help us do just that.   This legislation is the rare issue that brings together supporters of  all political persuasions. It doesn't fall on party lines. It certainly  doesn't fall on ideological or philosophical or geographical lines.   In addition to bipartisan congressional support from across the  political spectrum, this important effort has earned the support of a  number of outside groups. Just a few of them are the American Legion,  Concerned Veterans for America, Heritage Action, and FreedomWorks.   Later this morning, we will vote on cloture on the motion to proceed  to this important bill. We don't need to debate extensively whether or  not we even proceed to consideration; therefore, I urge a ``yes'' vote  as we work together to reclaim these important authorities and arrest  the trend of giving away our war powers to an unchecked Executive.   I yield the floor.   