 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in full support of my  amendment No. 39 to H.R. 4664.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Williams and my colleagues on the  Committee on Small Business for their support. This May, the Small  Business Administration implemented a rule which disregards Congress'  authority and makes its Community Advantage Pilot Program permanent.   This program was created in 2011 and had been continuously  reauthorized on a short-term basis by Congress. In fact, it is already  authorized to continue operating through September 2024. Not so fast.   The SBA got tired of relying on Congress and taking our directions  and decided to make the program permanent by creating an entire new  class of lending entities. These new entities are called Community  Advantage SBLCs. Now the SBA no longer has to come to Congress to make  sure the program continues to operate.   We all know this is not how agencies are supposed to work. If the  Community Advantage program was successful, then it is the duty of  Congress to evaluate it to make sure it should be permanent.  Unfortunately, the SBA does not want to operate in this fashion and  removed the elected Members of this body from the equation.   This amendment reasserts congressional authority over the process by  prohibiting any funds from implementing and administrating any licenses  for the new Community Advantage SBLC's licenses.   Not only does this amendment ensure that Congress' authority is not  ignored, but it sends a strong message to all Federal agencies that  they cannot act outside of their jurisdiction without consulting  Congress.   This is an important step to holding the Federal Government  accountable to the American people, and I urge my colleagues to support  it.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, it is really irrelevant whether or  not the program is doing good or not. They do not have the authority to  make up their own rules and own programs without Congress.   It is as if they have left the band and the SBA is starting a solo  career on their own. We are a team. We work together. The way it works  is Congress is the one that enacts new programs to work with them.    Whether or not it is a good program is irrelevant. They do not have  the authority.   Why have a Congress if all Federal agencies are just going to go out  and do what they want?   Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Williams), who just happens to be the chairman of the Small  Business Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from  Maryland for his interest. The issue is one thing. The issue is: Does  this agency or any agency have the ability to go out on their own on a  solo career and not have congressional oversight? I say no. I say no.   We can talk about the program in the cloakroom or in the fireplace  room and talk about how great it is. Hopefully, we will see eye-to-eye  that Federal agencies that don't have the authority to go in a  particular direction shouldn't go in that particular direction.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   