 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S.J. Res. 11.  The legislation will disapprove of the Environmental Protection  Agency's misguided heavy-duty vehicle rule that seeks to upend our  economy in order to meet President Biden's extreme climate goals.   As a member of the Conservative Climate Caucus, I am not against  reducing emissions--far from it. It should be done through innovation,  not top-down government mandates that ignore reality. Trucks today show  the power of innovation--I drive one of those--having already reduced  emissions by 98 percent.   It seems like this administration has closed their eyes to any side  effects of their rush to green. From tailpipe emissions regulations  that will force people to buy expensive and less practical EVs to new  rules on power plants that will threaten the reliability of our  electric grid. It seems like the EPA hasn't even thought about the  economic and energy security of our constituents.   In their final rulemaking, the EPA said they considered cost when  deliberating these regulations. I am not sure how that could be true  when they estimate it will cost thousands of dollars per truck to  upgrade them with the necessary equipment.   The fact is small-truck owners and operators might not be able to  afford these changes and will either go out of business or be forced to  pass the cost on to the customer. On top of this, the rule also applies  to trucks and equipment used by my farmers and farmers across the  country.   Our supply chains are already stretched thin. Inflation is sky-high.  Either of these scenarios worsens our economic outlook and raises  prices for the consumers across the board. The trucks that haul our  food, our energy resources, and our goods will be impacted. This is  just the first of several, strict, heavy-duty vehicle emissions rules  that the Biden administration is implementing.   In our modern digital economy, people and commerce depend on our  truckers more than ever before. This rule will put further strain on  our supply chain and increase costs for Michiganders and people across  the country.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the resolution.   