 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, today I rise in support of my amendment  No. 10.   Amendment No. 10 is a very simple amendment. It would prohibit  TRICARE from covering sex reassignment surgeries and hormone treatment  for transgender individuals. The most recent numbers tell us that the  Department of Defense has performed over 240 gender reassignment  surgeries, costing taxpayers approximately $3.1 million.   Unfortunately, that is just a small part of the cost associated with  this transaction. The Department has spent over $11.5 million on  psychotherapy. That is it; psychotherapy for servicemembers with gender  dysphoria.   The amount of funds paid out for this psychotherapy shows that the  surgery alone cannot solve the root issue for these individuals. This  does nothing to help our troops continue to be the most effective  fighting force on Earth and is nothing but a distraction and a waste of  valuable taxpayer dollars. The government has no business funding these  procedures on the taxpayer's dime.   The question that must be asked is whether having trans individuals  makes the United States a more lethal force and whether it helps  recruit the best and most effective talent for the United States  military. The answer to that is a clear and resounding no.   A report commissioned by General Mattis found that servicemembers  with claims of gender dysphoria are eight times more likely to attempt  suicide than other servicemembers. It also found that these individuals  are nine times more likely to have negative mental health episodes than  other servicemembers.   As Thomas Spoehr, a former Army Lieutenant General put it, if those  with gender dysphoria are at a much higher risk of suicide, crippling  anxiety, or mental breakdowns, then their peers, those serving next to  them, will be reluctant to rely on them.   Permitting them to serve also violates the principle of not placing  individuals at greater risk of injury in harm's way.   Madam Chair, to summarize this, anything that does not contribute to  making our fighting force the most effective fighting force on Earth is  nothing more than a distraction, and I will not ask the people of  Montana or the United States to pay for it.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, let me reiterate these numbers again.  These individuals are eight times more likely to attempt suicide--eight  times more likely to attempt suicide--and nine times more likely to  have negative mental health episodes than other servicemembers.   United States military veterans are experiencing 21 suicides a day,  and we are doing everything we can in the Veterans' Affairs Committee  to reduce that number. Why in the world are we considering bringing  individuals in that are going to increase that number?   If these individuals are that troubled on an ordinary day without the  pressures of war, why would we risk our Nation's security on them in  wartime? It just simply does not make sense.   Allowing this radical trans agenda to infiltrate our military will  put our servicemembers and my constituents in harm's way and will make  our country more vulnerable than it has ever been in modern history.   My commonsense amendment would save the taxpayers millions of dollars  and help protect our servicemembers, as well as our country, and maybe  save a lot of lives as well.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining.   The ACTING Chair. The gentleman from Montana has 1\1/4\ minutes  remaining.    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   What this is, it just shows the extent to which the Biden  administration has been pushing this agenda into our military, and it  is weakening our military. It is not making it stronger.   We have drag shows taking place at Malmstrom Air Force Base. There  are 150 ICBM missiles being controlled by that Air Force base and by  these individuals. I don't want someone who doesn't know if they are a  man or a woman with their hand on a missile button.   We have explicit library books on display for children at Malmstrom  Air Force Base and the U.S. Navy's digital ambassador program featuring  drag queens posting on TikTok.   The Department of Defense is paying for travel expenses and is  offering up to 21 days of leave for soldiers and their dependents to  get abortions.   Again, let me tell you that anything that is not focused on making  the United States military the most effective fighting force on Earth  is nothing more than a distraction, and we should not be paying for it.   I won't ask the people of Montana to pay for it, and I will not ask  the people across the United States to pay for it.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   