 Madam President, I appreciate the opportunity to come to  the floor. This is like what they call in Delaware a ``threefer''-- three for one. And I appreciate the cooperation of the floor staff and  from you to enable me to do this.   One of the things I always look for when I am hiring somebody is I  ask for recommendations and references of people they have worked for  in the past. As it turns out, in the nomination of Dr. Colleen Shogan  to be the Archivist of the United States, one of the people she used to  work for was Senator Joe Lieberman, a good friend to all of us,  Democrats and Republicans.   He was good enough to reach out to me several weeks ago, and we had  just had a hearing on Dr. Shogan before us in the Homeland Security  Committee. I was really impressed. He called and said: She used to work  for me. And I said: No kidding? Well, I wouldn't disqualify her for  that.   I am just kidding. But he went on to tell me what a remarkable human  being she was, even at a younger age in her life. But as the Chief  Administrator of the National Archives and Records Administration, the  Archivist of the United States plays a vital role in a couple of  different ways: one, especially with the preservation of the history of  this country that we are all sworn to protect.   This person who has been nominated, this nominee, would serve as our  Nation's recordkeeper for executive agencies and for Presidential  records while also being responsible for the National Archives and  Records Administration.   This role has been critical in leading the Federal Government's  ongoing transition from paper to electronic records for a long time.  Dr. Shogan is extremely well qualified to take on what is not a small  responsibility; it is a great responsibility and important, too.   As Senior Vice President and Director of the David M. Rubenstein  Center for White House History at the White House Historical  Association, Dr. Shogan has already demonstrated her extensive skill  set as an archivist.   She is a dedicated public servant, pulling a decade's worth of senior  roles at the Library of Congress. She has developed a career in  academia, Federal Government service, and nonprofit management. And one  of those folks she worked with--worked for--was our former colleague,  Senator Joe Lieberman.   At our hearing to consider her nomination before the Homeland  Security and Governmental Affairs Committee earlier this year, Dr.  Shogan reaffirmed her commitment to nonpartisanship, which is very  important for this role. She highlighted her service as the Vice Chair  of the Women's Suffrage Centennial Commission.   Dr. Shogan also shared how she will work to address the backlog of  veterans' record requests at the National Archives and Records  Administration. As the last Vietnam veteran serving here in the United  States Senate, that means a lot to me.   She also has vowed to make sure that the oftentimes long and arduous  process that can prevent our veterans from receiving their critical  services and benefits that they are entitled to, that they are  addressed.   I strongly urge my colleagues to confirm Dr. Shogan as the Archivist  of the United States, and I know she will serve our country well.   My talking points now say to yield the floor, but I am not, because I  have been asked by the folks who help us manage the floor if I would  like to go ahead and speak on two CRAs, which is the Congressional  Review Act resolutions. And I would like to do that, if I may. I  appreciate the tolerance and consideration of the chairman of our  committee.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   