 Madam Speaker, I am honored to join Representative Roy and  so many from the Texas delegation today to recognize 200 years of  history--the 200th anniversary of our most prolific investigative law  enforcement agency in Texas, and one of the most prolific law  enforcement agencies in this Nation and worldwide, the Texas Rangers.   In 1823, Stephen F. Austin assembled a small collection of brave men  in a call to arms. Over the past two centuries, this small group  numbering less than 200 today, has undertaken almost every aspect of  law enforcement in Texas.   Let me pause there and reinforce that, less than 200 Rangers on the  job today. By the amount of work that they do, you would think there  were hundreds, even thousands across Texas, but indeed it is a small  elite force.   From investigating murder to conspiracy and every crime in between,  they have protected our borders, both in the 19th century and here  again in the 21st century. They have protected our Governor and our  historical Alamo.   The Texas Rangers are an esteemed symbol of the Lone Star State. They  are guardians of the highest order. They are the cream of the crop.  Because of that, they have been praised and storied again and again in  poem, in song, in movies, and in television--from the Lone Ranger to  Walker Texas Ranger. You see replications of these Texas Rangers over  and over again because of their unique toughness, but also because of  their compassion. They make sure that there is swift and sure justice  in Texas, but also fair and impartial justice.   Like so many other law enforcement agencies, it is not just the  possibility of ultimate sacrifice that sets them apart from so many  others, it frankly is their daily sacrifice. Each day when they get up,  they kiss their kids and their wives and their spouses goodbye, and  they head off to work. They set themselves apart by sacrificial service  to their communities, putting their life on the line day in and day out  for each of us in Texas.   As I did when I was a county judge in Texas, I am proud to back the  blue. I am honored to stand here today in recognition of the Texas  Rangers' 200 years of dedication and service to our communities.   To all of our officers: We honor you, we thank you, and we are  indebted to you. This Congress should look at the example of the Texas  Rangers and the examples set by so many law enforcement officers across  this country, and remind ourselves of what is truly important and who  we should indeed support when it comes down to it. We should always  back the blue.   Congratulations, Texas Rangers. Keep leading the way, keep setting  the standard, and keep making us proud.   