 Madam Speaker, we are rapidly approaching the  2-year anniversary of Putin's illegal and brutal invasion of Ukraine.   The American people have responded with extraordinary support for  Ukraine. Millions of Americans have donated their time and money to  charitable organizations helping the Ukrainian people. Some have even  volunteered to fight alongside the Ukrainian defense forces.   Congress has responded by providing over $50 billion in security  assistance and billions more in humanitarian assistance. These are  unprecedented numbers, and it requires unprecedented oversight by  Congress.   I am here to tell my colleagues, who are concerned about where the  money is going, that we are doing that oversight. The Armed Services  Committee has conducted vigorous oversight of U.S. military assistance  to Ukraine.   Every month since the war, the committee has held a classified  briefing with DOD officials over Ukrainian aid. This morning, I was a  member of a briefing that was the 12th in that series. We have also had  multiple visits to sites in Europe where the aid is being staged to go  into Ukraine. We have held open hearings on the topic where we have  heard from the DOD Inspector General.   In the next couple days, the House will take up the conference report  on the FY24 NDAA. That bill creates a special inspector general for  Ukraine, dedicates $8 million to swiftly set up the office, and  provides direct hiring authority to quickly staff it.   We will continue to stay on top of this, but I want to assure my  colleagues that there has been no evidence of diversion of weapons  provided to Ukraine or any other assistance.   What most folks don't realize is that the money DOD is spending on  Ukraine is actually going toward creating high-skilled, good-paying  jobs right here at home. The DOD so far has spent $45 billion on  Ukraine-related security assistance. All of that money has been spent  in the U.S. by U.S. companies, supporting thousands of highly skilled  American jobs.   These include jobs in Arizona to build Stingers and Javelins; jobs in  Pennsylvania, Ohio, Iowa, and Missouri to build ammunition; and jobs in  Texas, Florida, and Alabama to build Patriot missiles. It also includes  over $3 billion to expand floor space, open new lines, and hire  additional workers at weapons factories in Tennessee, Florida,  Virginia, Missouri, and West Virginia. This investment in retooling and  revitalizing our industrial defense base is helping us get ready for  potential conflict with China. That is incredibly important.   Equally important to deterring China is standing by our commitment to  Ukraine. Walking away sends the wrong signals to President Xi and the  Chinese Communist Party. Let's not do that. Let's quickly come to a  compromise that secures our border and keeps our commitment to Ukraine.   