 Mr. President, I am pleased to join my colleagues today,  the esteemed Senator from West Virginia and the senior Senator from  Texas, to talk about the importance of producing more energy in  America, which means that we have got to find a way to press back  against the Biden administration's harmful policies that have caused  energy prices to increase and have fueled inflation across our entire  economy.   Gas prices, today, are $3.46 nationally. That is the average--$3.46  nationally. It has gone up 45 percent since President Biden took  office. It is almost a 50-percent increase. That means everyone out  there, every day, is paying 50 percent more at the pump. And it is not  just that. It is the impact on inflation. There is an energy component  in every good and every service that people buy. With a 50-percent  increase in the price of gas at the pump, think about what that means.  That is a 50-percent increase in energy cost in terms of inflation,  which is hitting Americans so hard right now. Residential electricity  prices spiked 25 percent during the same period. With natural gas, the  price is up more than 50 percent--more than 50 percent.   What is causing this? Clearly, it is the Biden administration's  policies. They spent the last 2 years restricting and curtailing U.S.  energy production in pursuit of this Green New Deal, starting with day  1 when President Biden came into office with his canceling the Keystone  XL Pipeline, and it has continued with the moratorium that he put on  Federal oil and gas leases shortly thereafter.  [[Page S1030]]    President Biden, the Biden administration, along with Members of  Congress, the Democrat Members of Congress, then passed a partisan bill  that levied $735 billion in new taxes, including a new tax on natural  gas and higher fees and royalty rates on Federal energy production.   So they not only put a moratorium in place on oil and gas production  on Federal lands but then later came back and said, OK, they will start  allowing some production, but only 20 percent of those Federal lands  are available, and the Biden administration increased the royalty rates  by 50 percent. When you restrict supply and raise the cost, of course  that is going to raise the price of energy in this country, and it is  going to reduce the supply.   Now the Biden administration is doubling down with an onslaught of  regulatory overreach specifically designed to make American energy  production more expensive. This includes the waters of the United  States regulation. The waters of the United States rule absolutely  impacts everybody across this country. It is a fundamental property  rights issue. Again, it affects not only our production of energy but  ag products and everything else.   It makes no sense that while energy prices are high, instead of  embracing America's energy producers, President Biden has drained our  Strategic Petroleum Reserve to its lowest level in 40 years while going  to the Middle East and places like Venezuela for our energy. Think  about it. Think about their record on environmental stewardship. Think  about their record on human rights. Instead of producing more energy  here at home, they are going to places like Venezuela and allowing them  to export their energy to the United States.   The Biden administration should not turn to places like Iran and  Venezuela for more oil--countries with little to no environmental  standards--when we have the capability to ramp up production here in  this country.   In 2019, the United States produced 13 million barrels of oil per  day, including 1.5 million barrels per day from my State, North Dakota.   U.S. oil production remains down at about 12.1 million barrels per  day, so that is 1 million barrels a day less than when the  administration came into office--1 million barrels a day. For example,  in our State, we are producing a little over 1 million barrels a day  when we were at 1.5 million barrels a day at the beginning of the Biden  administration.   Increasing the supply and lowering the cost of energy is key to  attacking inflation. As I said earlier, the cost of energy is built  into every other good and service consumed across this country. To this  end, I have introduced some legislation to expand our domestic energy  production and enhance the energy security of the United States and our  allies.   The North American Energy Act brings certainty to the permitting  process for important cross-border energy pipeline and electric  transmission line projects and prevents the President from taking  unilateral action to cancel vital energy projects like the Keystone XL  Pipeline.   The Promoting Interagency Coordination for Review of Natural Gas  Projects Act streamlines the review process for interstate natural gas  pipelines and LNG projects, helping to more efficiently deliver natural  gas to areas that need it the most.   More pipelines are needed to deliver natural gas to areas, including  New England.   I say to the Presiding Officer, in your State, we need pipelines up  there. There are still people up there who use fuel oil rather than  natural gas because we don't have the pipeline capacity up there to  bring it to them. That obviously increases their costs. Again, going  back to environmental standards, it is clearly advantageous if they  were to utilize natural gas.   The Bureau of Land Management Mineral Spacing Act is the third act I  would mention that I have put forth that improves the permitting  process in States like North Dakota and others where you have split  mineral estates, where the Federal Government has no surface acreage,  but the minerals underneath the land is in some cases owned by the  Federal Government, in some cases owned by private individuals and  others, and they are held up from producing those minerals because of  the Federal ownership even when the Federal Government doesn't own any  of the surface acres.   Removing this duplicative requirement for a Federal drilling permit  in these cases would empower private mineral holders to develop their  resources and produce more energy, while enabling the Federal Agencies,  like BLM, to actually better utilize their resources.   These three commonsense permitting reforms are included in H.R. 1,  the Lower Energy Cost Act, which is currently being considered on the  House floor, H.R. 1.   It is time for us to go to work on a bipartisan basis in this  Chamber, take the handcuffs off our energy producers, and produce more  energy here at home for American consumers in this country.   The United States is fortunate to have abundant and affordable  reserves in coal, oil, and gas. These resources are one of our Nation's  greatest strengths. It is an incredible asset.   Nobody has better environmental stewardship than our country in  producing energy. Thanks to the shale revolution, the United States  became the world's largest oil and gas producer, and we have been able  to do it while simultaneously reducing emissions. The carbon capture  technologies we are advancing are actually reducing emissions.   Once again, by encouraging domestic production by streamlining energy  project approvals to get energy to market, we can unleash America's  full energy potential to increase supply and bring down costs for hard- working families.   I now will yield the floor to my colleague from the Lone Star State,  who can speak on these issues as well.   We are absolutely committed to producing more energy for hard-working  Americans to bring down inflation and also because it is such a vital  component of our national security. Energy security is national  security.   With that, I yield the floor.   