 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my good friend, the gentleman  from Kansas, for yielding and for this Special Order.   Mr. Speaker, it is hard to imagine an administration that goes out of  its way to increase our dependency on an adversarial nation hell-bent  on our demise here in the United States of America. That is precisely  what is happening--all because the left hates oil and gas and fossil  fuels. I represent a district that is the epicenter of energy in east  Texas in the greater Houston region.   Communist China wishes nothing more than to see America burn to the  ground, and Joe Biden's reckless demand for electric vehicles continues  to give Beijing an ever-increasing advantage in seeing this quest  through.   Let's look at some of the facts.   Nearly 80 percent of the world's cell manufacturing capacity for EV  batteries is controlled by none other than Beijing, the People's  Republic of China.   Mr. Speaker, 75 percent of the world's lithium-ion battery  megafactories are in the People's Republic of China.   Mr. Speaker, 90 percent of graphite, the single largest mineral  component of EV batteries, electric vehicle batteries, is refined in  the People's Republic of China.   Yet, if increased reliance on China isn't alarming enough, let's look  at how electric vehicles are faring on the home front.   Just a few weeks ago, in my own office, I had a number of car dealers  from my great State of Texas visit to share the latest on EV--electric  vehicle--sales. Given how much the Biden administration talks about  EVs, you would think that they are selling like hotcakes. Big surprise,  or maybe not, they are actually selling like $50,000 paperweights.   I recently saw a great line in The Wall Street Journal: ``You can  subsidize a buyer into the auto showroom, but you can't make him buy.''   The truth is that dealers can't get EVs off their lots.   Texans don't want vehicles that they can't rely on. While I am a huge  supporter of innovation, fully electric vehicles aren't ready for prime  time, and forcing them on the American people will not change that  reality.   By unilaterally mandating unrealistic emission standards for vehicles  in an effort to shift markets, this administration has dealt serious  damage to the entire automotive sector.   Unfortunately, even with this information, the White House would  still force Americans to buy electric vehicles.   Out of concerns for our manufacturers, dealers, national security,  and, more importantly, American families, it is time for this  administration to return to reality. Fossil fuels are the only reliable  energy source that we have. If we stop producing and using them, we  will soon be bowing the knee to the demands of Communist China.   