 Mr. President, earlier this morning, Senator McConnell  and I welcomed Ukrainian President Zelenskyy to the U.S. Senate, his  third visit to the U.S. Capitol. It was a very powerful, enlightening,  and positive meeting.   President Zelenskyy's message was direct: Ukraine will win the war  against Russia if more aid is approved. But his message to the contrary  was also true: If no more aid is approved, Putin will win.   It is that simple. Ukraine, the West, the U.S. strength as a credible  ally are all hanging in the balance right now. Also, President  Zelenskyy urged that we need to pass this aid quickly because if we  don't pass it quickly, it will send a signal to the whole world that we  are abandoning Ukraine and could start a snowball cascading to  Ukraine's detriment and to our detriment.   If Ukraine falls, it will be a historic and colossal tragedy. If  Russia is victorious, future generations will remember this as a moment  of shame for the West, for the United States, and for those in the  Senate who sought to block it.   This is a moment when a friend in need called on our help. We must  rise to the occasion. If we abandon Ukraine to the dark forces of  autocracy, we will all pay a price. The price won't be tomorrow,  meaning next week, but it will be in the months and years ahead but  will be an awful price. And everyone who voted against aid to Ukraine  will have to live with it.   This is a time for Republicans to be serious about reaching an  agreement. ``Serious'' is the word we are saying to our Republican  colleagues. It is not a time for one side to demand maximalist, fringe  policies that they know are unrealistic and then say ``our way or the  highway.''   If our Republican colleagues want an agreement on the border, they  must meet us at the middle. They need to show us they are serious. So  far, when they just ask for H.R. 2--or something like it--they are not  showing seriousness.   There are two words to describe Democrats right now. Just like the  Republican word should be they need to be ``serious,'' the two words  that describe Democrats right now: ``still trying.'' We are still  trying to find a good-faith compromise with Republicans, but they must  do the same.   Now, last night, I got on the phone with Speaker Johnson and urged  him to keep the House in session to give the supplemental a chance to  come together. I told him that the House should stay in session because  over the past 24 hours, I have been alarmed to see some of the same  Republicans in the House--and now a good number in the Senate--who had  previously demanded action on the border are now suggesting there is no  urgency to act before Christmas. After months of saying the border is a  crisis, that we must get something done yesterday, many Republicans now  seemingly prefer to go home rather than pass a bill.    If Republicans are serious about getting something done on the  border, then why are so many of them in such a hurry to leave for the  winter break? Has the border simply been an excuse to kill funding for  Ukraine?   By Republicans being unwilling to budge on H.R. 2 and getting ready  to rush out of town, unfortunately, it may seem the case that these are  both excuses, and they really want to kill funding for Ukraine and  never had any intention of passing it. That is not true of all  Republicans but too many--enough simply to hold us up right now from  getting something done.   Do Republicans not realize how thrilled Putin must be right now  seeing the gridlock? Russian state TV is even running segments on how  great it is for Russia that Congress can't pass Ukraine funding.   Think about that. Putin's allies on Russian state TV are running  segments right now on how great it is for Russia that aid to Ukraine is  stalled.  [[Page S5903]]    Democrats remain committed to finding a realistic, bipartisan  agreement on securing the southern border. We will not accept Donald  Trump's cruel border policies as envisioned in H.R. 2, which even  Speaker Johnson has reminded his colleagues didn't get a single  Democratic vote in the Senate. But if Republicans show they are serious  about meeting us in the middle, we are willing to meet them in the  middle.   I hope my Republican colleagues take to heart President Zelenskyy's  warnings: The one person happy right now about the gridlock in Congress  is Vladimir Putin. He is delighting in the fact that Donald Trump's  border policies are sabotaging military aid to Ukraine.   I urge my Republican colleagues to show they are serious about  getting a supplemental package done. Democrats are still trying, and we  will continue to work with Republicans in good faith in the coming  days.   