 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  Senators be permitted to speak prior to the scheduled votes: Myself,  for up to 10 minutes; Senator Kaine, for up to 10 minutes; Senator  Risch, for up to 5 minutes; Senator Menendez, for up to 5 minutes; and  Senator Schumer, for up to 2 minutes.    Mr. President, I am proud to join my colleague, the great  Senator from Virginia, Senator Tim Kaine, on the floor of the Senate  today. And as we await this final vote--final passage of the repeal of  the Authorizations for Use of Military Force in 1991, the Gulf war,  and, in 2002, the Iraq war--I reflect on just how much work it took to  get here, how much persistence. And I thank Senator Kaine for sticking  it out.   A lot has happened over the last couple of decades.   A lot has happened over the last couple of decades. Twenty years ago,  American soldiers were fighting that war in Iraq. Today, they are still  there. They are advising Iraq's army at the invitation of the current  government. Twenty years ago, Iraq was our enemy. Today Iraq is a  strategic partner, an ally in advancing stability across the Middle  East. A lot has changed in the last 20 years; and, yet, according to  our laws, today we are still at war with Iraq.   This isn't just the result of an oversight. It is an intentional  abdication of this body, of its constitutional role in America's  national security. Allowing it to continue is a strategic mistake. It  is a mistake that disrespects the sacrifices of our soldiers and their  Iraqi partners as well. It is one that could endanger their work across  the Middle East, and it is central to our national security that we set  this right.   Here is why.   Iran has designs on a path to the Mediterranean Sea. The world's  leading exporter of terror wants to build a route to move manpower and  materiel to its proxies all across the region. Once it reaches the sea,  it will establish a foothold to threaten Europe. This terrorism  thoroughfare would run through Syria, through Lebanon, and, of course,  through Iraq. Iran has sent many thousands of soldiers into Syria to  prop up Dictator Bashar Al Assad and co-opted regions of that war-torn  nation. Lebanon's institutions are weak. Hezbollah, with Iran's  backing, dominates many sectors of the governments and the country.   Iraq cannot follow this path. It cannot become a satellite of Iran,  and Iran cannot be permitted unrestricted access across the region.   Our advisers are fortifying and working with the Iraqi Army to  prevent this dangerous future.   But we are undertaking this vital mission with a nation we are still  technically at war with. The authorizations for both the 1991 Gulf war  and 2002 Operation Iraqi Freedom are both still on the books. These  authorizations for long-ended wars passed almost entirely by Members of  Congress long-retired. These authorizations are outdated. They are a  detriment to our national security strategy, and they are an abdication  of Congress's constitutional role in declaring and, yes, ending wars.   In the centuries before our revolution, Kings waged wars--wars that  their subjects fought. Reflecting on this history, our Founding Fathers  placed the power to make war not with the executive, but with this  branch, the legislative branch. And it is here in our Congress, in the  people's Congress, they determine that debate and deliberation and  consensus should precede a decision to go to war or to avert it.   You see, the Framers placed this great responsibility in our hands-- our hands. And we let it slip right through them. By allowing these  authorizations to live on long past their purpose, we have forfeited  the power to make and to oversee wars to the White House. Presidents of  both parties--of both parties--have employed specious legal reasoning  and used them as a justification for military interventions wholly  unrelated to their original missions.   So here is the choice before us: We repeal these authorizations; we  restore a part of our system of checks and balances; or we let them  live on, extending a permanent blank check for Presidents to bypass  Congress in authorizing military action. That is the choice.   By doing the former, we not only take a step towards realigning the  function of our government with its Constitution, we also send an  important message to Prime Minister Sudani that our interests are  shared; our nations are allies; that we will continue to partner with  Iraq to train and equip its Army in their fight against ISIS; and that  we oppose Iran's violation of Iraq's sovereignty and its ambitions of  regional dominance--ambitions that endanger the world far beyond the  Middle East.   And let us not forget that in case of urgent national security  emergencies, even after repealing these authorizations, Presidents can  still, as they can now, invoke their article II war powers.   In closing, I just want to underscore the heroic legislative  efforts--the heroic leadership--that my colleague Tim  [[Page S1013]]  Kaine has shown throughout this long effort to get this legislation on  the floor to persuade those around the country that this should remain  a first-order priority; to persuade people in both parties that this  merits our time and our attention; that these repeal efforts are  important not just to this generation, but to future generations.   Thank you to Senator Kaine and his team.   I want to thank my team--my amazing national security team and  legislative team--for their hard work on this effort, as well.   I want to reiterate something I know that Senator Kaine agrees with:  that repealing these war authorizations will give a greater voice to  those whom we represent. We live with the possibility every day that  our men and women in uniform could be called away to fight, to  sacrifice their very lives for our freedom. We dread for that moment to  come. But if it does, we must be certain that the American people are  united behind the decisions we make here and that our intentions are  clear to our military commanders.   By reclaiming our war powers, by restoring the open, civil, but  passionate debates about matters of war and peace, we will do exactly  that. And our Nation and its allies will be stronger and safer because  of it.   I yield the floor.   