 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this  fake, fraudulent, and fictitious impeachment inquiry effort.   We are here today on the House floor wasting time and taxpayer  dollars on an illegitimate impeachment inquiry because Donald Trump,  the puppet master, has directed extreme MAGA Republicans to launch a  political hit job against President Joe Biden.   There is no evidence that President Biden has engaged in an  impeachable offense. There is no evidence that President Joe Biden has  engaged in wrongdoing. There is no evidence that President Biden has  broken the law.   We know that President Joe Biden is a good, honorable, and decent man  who dedicated his life to public service and to making a difference for  the American people.   The puppet master in chief, Donald Trump, has directed the sycophants  to target Joe Biden as part of an effort to undermine President Biden's  reelection.   That is the pattern. That is the process. It reveals that our extreme  MAGA Republican colleagues have done nothing--nothing whatsoever--when  it comes to making a difference in the lives of everyday Americans.   From the very beginning of this Congress, House Democrats have made  it clear that we are ready, willing, and able to find common ground  with our Republican colleagues in a bipartisan way on any issue.   This do-nothing Republican Congress has chosen to do nothing to solve  problems for hardworking American taxpayers--nothing on the economy,  nothing on inflation, nothing on affordability, nothing on gun safety,  nothing on trying to improve the quality of life of the American  people.   What we have seen from the very beginning of this do-nothing  Republican Congress is chaos, dysfunction, and extremism being  inflicted on the American people.   When it comes to this fraudulent impeachment inquiry, more than  100,000 pages of documents have been produced and reviewed. Not a  scintilla of evidence exists that President Biden has broken the law.   It is interesting to me. I wonder how my colleagues in New York and  California who were sent here to make life better for the American  people explain this vote, which is not designed to improve the lives of  the folks that we are privileged to serve but is a political hit job, a  political stunt, political gamesmanship.   The American people are tired of the partisanship, tired of the  brinksmanship, tired of this effort to score political points on a  partisan basis as opposed to actually making a difference.   House Democrats will continue to put people over politics. We will  continue to fight for lower costs, to grow the middle class, for safer  communities, for reproductive freedom, to defend democracy, and to  build an economy from the middle out and the bottom up as opposed to  the top down.   House Democrats remain committed to joining President Biden in  advancing the ball for the American people, for the middle class, for  low-income families, for working families, for all of those folks who  aspire to be a part of the middle class, for young people, for older  Americans, for our veterans.   We plan to continue to build upon the progress that we have made  under the leadership of President Biden on behalf of the American  people.   It is time for the extreme MAGA Republicans to join us or get out of  the way.   