 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair of the Subcommittee on  Capital Markets, Mrs. Wagner, for leading our committee Republicans'  capital formation agenda on the Financial Services Committee. She has  done a fantastic job.   I thank the Members of the minority party for joining with us in  passing some of these important bills.   By the end of today, we will haved passed 11 of those bills through  the House of Representatives in the last 2 weeks. I thank the Members  for their work there.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2608. This bill clarifies the  periods for which financial statements are required to be provided by  an emerging growth company.   Now, an emerging growth company is an important provision of the JOBS  Act of 2012. These are smaller companies that are growing rapidly, and  the idea here is we want them to be able to access the public markets  more quickly.   Now, let me stop here. It is a real pleasure to spend time on the  House floor getting back to the policy that I am most steeped in and  most interested in and, quite frankly, thrilled that I am not talking  about the debt ceiling. Thank you for your indulgence there.   This important provision of the JOBS Act, called the emerging growth  company piece of the JOBS Act, has this designation of an IPO on-ramp.  The idea here is these are smaller revenue companies, and in their  growth, we want them to be able to get to the public markets as quickly  as they can.   Emerging growth companies are given a 5-year ramping period in the  public markets to comply with a lot of regulatory requirements that  public companies are obligated to comply with.   The goal here was to have an accommodation to have more companies go  public here in the United States, and it has worked. This was title I  of the JOBS Act. The success of this provision was as a direct result  of it being self-executing. We wrote the law, and instantly, that day,  people started using the statute.   Within the first 2 years of enactment of the JOBS Act, emerging  growth companies resulted in 85 percent of all U.S. IPOs. Additionally,  this specific accommodation for 2 years of audited financial statements  was utilized by 65 percent of emerging growth companies within the  first 2 years of the JOBS Act.   Despite the success of the JOBS Act IPO on-ramp, there are  clarifications Congress should make to maximize the utility of these  provisions. For example, there are instances where an emerging growth  company, or a company that qualifies as such during its initial public  offering, must provide financial statements for periods earlier than 2  years.   The first instance is when an emerging growth company acquires a  significant business. The emerging growth company must present 3 years  of financial statements, even though the post-merger company also  qualifies as an emerging growth company. This is kind of a wonky  failure of the statute.   The second instance is when a company qualifies as an emerging growth  company during its IPO but later tries to conduct a follow-on offering  to raise capital after it loses its emerging growth company status. In  such instances, the company would also be required to provide 3 years  of financial statements.  [[Page H2725]]    This bill updates emerging growth company financial reporting  accommodations to clarify that an emerging growth company, as well as  any company that qualifies as such, when it is conducting its initial  public offering, does not need to provide financial statements for a  period earlier than 2 years, which is required during the emerging  growth company's initial public offering. That is a lot of words.   This update will increase efficiency by ensuring that these companies  will be able to consistently rely on the JOBS Act's scaled financial  reporting requirement accommodation. It will eliminate an aberrational  result that actually has been shown to require burdensome and  unnecessary financial reporting obligations.   This bill clearly establishes that an emerging growth company will  not be required to provide audited financial statements for any period  earlier than 2 years, including in those instances I mentioned that  were not previously addressed in the original JOBS Act.   Mr. Speaker, after 11 years of the JOBS Act, this particular section  of the JOBS Act has shown that it has been wonderfully successful. We  have more IPOs using the statute than any other change in security laws  we have made as a Congress in recent memory. That is a great success.   We want to update that existing statute, and we are doing so in a  bipartisan way. That should be a welcome sign for Congress, that we can  do complicated things in a bipartisan way. That is what we are here to  do.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Wagner for her great  leadership on the committee.   Mr. Speaker, I think it has been well-explained about emerging growth  companies. We have had a nice discussion here on the House floor of  what we had done in Congress 11 years ago to ensure that fast-growing,  smaller companies can access our capital markets and do so with less  regulatory burden, enticing them into our public markets, which enable  average, everyday investors to have more investment opportunities and  ownership of American society, as well.   Speaking to that, this bill clarifies the periods for which financial  statements are required to be provided by an emerging growth company  when conducting a spinoff transaction. This legislation will strengthen  public markets by addressing an irregularity that was not addressed  under the JOBS Act of 2012 and ensure consistent treatment for emerging  growth companies, whether they are going public or spinning off a  portion of their business.   Mr. Speaker, I have talked about the positive impact of emerging  growth companies and of the JOBS Act, generally, since it was enacted  into law. At that period of time, in 2012, you had a Republican House  of Representatives, a Democrat Senate, a Democrat in the White House,  and very few things got done.   President Obama at the time wanted to address the jobs challenge in  American society and wanted us to change law and regulations so that we  can actually lift people out of poverty and back into the workforce.   Those were some very important things that we discussed that  Congress, but the foremost of that was the legislating we did out of  the Financial Services Committee, which culminated in the passage of  what was called the JOBS Act.   One of the best provisions in the JOBS Act was the emerging growth  companies' section of that, or title of that bill, and that is what we  are talking about and speaking of on this day.   What we are trying to do is tweak that law to make sure it functions  appropriately. Like all things, whether it is your home, legislation,  or your car, you want to adjust it from time to time to make sure it is  running the way you intended it to run. That is what we are doing here  today with these small changes to the emerging growth companies'  statute and the JOBS Act.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this important  provision.   