 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Kiley for  hosting this Special Order.   Mr. Speaker, Julie Su has already auditioned for the job as Secretary  of Labor, failing miserably and proving beyond a reasonable doubt that  she is unfit for the position.   For 2 years now, Ms. Su has been second in command at the Department  of Labor, and all we need to do is look at the rules and regulations  that have been issued under her watch.   Her department of labor has incentivized and pressured retirement  plans to focus on woke ESG guidelines instead of making investment  decisions based on return on investment.   Her department of labor has undermined the right of religious  organizations to hire according to their beliefs if they want to  participate in Federal contracts, discriminating against them and  essentially violating their civil rights.   Her department of labor has redefined the definition of ``joint  employers'' to harm the independence of franchisees.   Her department of labor has undercut independent contractors to make  the Federal Government more like California. Yes, that is what we want  to do. That is the example we want to follow, and then maybe people  will start fleeing the United States the way they are fleeing  California today.   Her department of labor has raised the minimum wage for employers on  Federal contracts to $15 an hour.   While she was the secretary of labor in California, she ignored the  warnings from the United States Department of Labor to improve fraud  protection against the jobless benefit payments she was issuing. This  is coming from the Biden administration that wants to give as many  benefits to as many individuals as possible with essentially no  verification of qualifications.   Of course, in this administration of failing forward, instead of  being reprimanded, she is being considered for a promotion to the  Nation's top labor job.   We all know who Julie Su is. We know that she will take her orders  from anti-American Big Labor and further assault right-to-work.   All Senators who value small businesses and workers' rights should  oppose her nomination.   