 Mr. Speaker, let's just make sure the American people know  the truth. Parents have the right to know what their children are being  taught. Parents have the right to be heard. Parents have the right to  see the school budget and spending. Parents have the right to protect  their child's privacy. Parents have the right to keep their children  safe.   That is what my Democratic colleagues are objecting to. Notice how  they are objecting. Notice what they are trying to do. It is a page as  old as time in the Democratic playbook--fearmongering, racial division,  peddling the lies of hatred, saying that somehow the legislation that  would empower parents and give parents the right to know what their  child is being educated with, know what they are being told, that  somehow that is going to lead to banning of books.   What they are afraid of is they are afraid of a parent being able to  come in, armed with the information of what is being taught to their  children, armed with what is in the library, and holding school boards  accountable, holding their educators accountable. That is precisely  what my Democratic colleagues do not want to occur.   They are afraid of the Sunshine going into the classroom because they  know that after COVID the veil has been lifted on a corrupted education  system that has for too long been indoctrinating our children with  racial division and hatred. Parents are now awakened. They have seen  what is occurring behind the veil because the veil was lifted.   My colleagues go around peddling the fears of banned books,  completely inaccurately trying to claim that books were banned in Duval  County that weren't banned, books that were either not ordered--when,  in fact, there are on average 13 books about Rosa Parks in every  elementary school in Duval County. That is the truth. Nobody wants to  pull books about Rosa Parks. Nobody wants to pull books about Roberto  Clemente.   If there is legislation passed to make sure that we stop the  ridiculousness of what books are being put in front of our kids, then  people go: Let's pull books and look at it to make sure what is in it,  and then they decide to put those books back when they pass muster.  That is what my colleagues want to say are being banned.   What they do not want to talk about are the books that my colleagues  from South Carolina just talked about. They don't want to talk about  ``Flamer,'' a graphic book about young boys performing sexual acts at a  summer camp. They don't want to talk about that.   Who does?   A bunch of fringe leftist groups that want to stick that stuff in our  schools for our kids to read.   How about ``This Book is Gay,'' a book containing instructions on the  ins and outs of gay sex.   This is what we want being put in the schools for our children?   Our Democratic colleagues do not want the American people, the  parents, to know this. That is what this is about. My Democratic  colleagues do not want parents to know that information. They don't.  They have a bill in front of them that literally gives parents the  right to know that and they are opposing it and opposing it with force.    To my colleagues who say: Well, this is sticking the Federal  Government into the tent of local government, I say to them: Well,  welcome to the club of actually being concerned about Federal  Government overreach. I agree.   So I hope they will support my amendment then that would strike all  the language and block grant the dollars to the States. They don't want  to do that, ladies and gentlemen, because they want to meddle. They  just want to meddle the way they want to.   They don't want to have a clean elimination of the Department of  Education. I support my colleague   Thomas Massie's bill to do that. My  Democratic colleagues do not.   My Democratic colleagues will not support a block grant to States  because they want to meddle. They want to interfere. They just don't  want parents to know the truth. That is a dirty little secret.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Indiana for the  time.   Mr. Speaker, again, the facts are completely irrelevant to my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle--completely irrelevant.   Introduced in the Record a little while ago was a story from  December, again, trying to perpetuate this myth about book banning.  Again, the context here matters that we are talking about legislation  in this body to just ensure that parents know what is in the libraries  and what is in the curriculum. It does nothing more.   Yet, that is the great offense. They are trying to perpetuate that  myth about Federal perpetuation of so-called book banning. Let me be  clear. Yes. Some local jurisdictions are removing certain books-- absolutely, and God bless them for it--books about explicit sex acts.  Let that hang out over the Chamber.   No, I do not want America's children to have to be subjected to that  kind of terrible indoctrination in the schools--absolutely not--and  parents should be empowered to stop it. Instead, they want to  perpetuate this myth.   The facts are true.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the Record an  article titled: ``Facts about library books in Duval County Public  Schools.''    ``February 17, 2023--Books about Roberto Clemente and Hank  Aaron from the Essential Voices collection are among approximately  10,000 books that have been reviewed and approved through the new  State-required book review process.''   The fact is there was a purchase of 1,300 books from Perfection  Learning.   ``The current effort to review all media center and classroom library  books, which is now required under State law,'' was reviewed and  completed. Those books were not banned.   As I said earlier, there are, on average, 13 to 14 books about Rosa  Parks per school in Duval County. Those are the facts. That is the  truth. This is a complete misrepresentation designed to scare people  when, in fact, we want to empower parents and provide Sunshine for the  American people to protect their kids.   