 Mr. President, I am pleased and honored to join my  colleague from Rhode Island, the distinguished chairman of the Armed  Services Committee, in urging adoption of this important step in  getting our National Defense Authorization Act passed and signed into  law.   It is routine now and profound at the same time. It is routine  because, as the chair said, this is the 63rd time that this House and  this Senate will have come together on a bipartisan basis to join hands  and try to move our national defense forward.   It is profound because it has become routine, because no matter what  other things we are discussing and differing about and expressing our  deeply held views, this is something that we feel must be done every  year, regardless of the other things that divide us. So the fact that  it has become routine does make this a profound step, and I am honored  to be part of that great list of persons who have been part of this.   Senator Reed is absolutely correct to thank our counterparts in the  House, Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member Smith, and our staff.   Let me also give a shout-out to the ranking members of the  subcommittees, who took this from subcommittee to subcommittee to the  full committee and helped us get started in a very meaningful way:  Senator Cotton, ranking member of Airland; Senator Mike Rounds,  Cybersecurity; Senator Joni Ernst, Emerging Threats and Capabilities;  Senator Rick Scott, Personnel Subcommittee; Senator Dan Sullivan,  Readiness and Management Support Subcommittee; Senator Kevin Cramer,  Seapower, a committee that I served on as ranking member and as chair;  and Senator Deb Fischer, who has worked so diligently in a very  technical and important area, Strategic Forces.   And then, as the chair mentioned, I will try not to leave out any of  the staff--the experts who took our concepts and who were able to put  them into words that became statutory language. Of course, there is  John Keast, the staff director on our side, who has been a great  partner of Elizabeth King; and then other talented, just absolutely  brilliant and diligent and hard-working American public servants who  helped get it right: Rick Berger, Brendan Gavin, James Mazol, Greg  Lilly, Adam Barker, Zach Barnett, Kristina Belcourt, Jack Beyrer,  Travis Brundrett, Isaac Jalkanen, Kevin Kim, Eric Lofgren, Katie  Magnus, Jonathan Moore, Sean O'Keefe, Brad Patout, Katie Romaine, Pat  Thompson, Eric Trager, Adam Trull, Olivia Trusty, and Phillip Waller.   And I wouldn't be surprised if I have left somebody out, even so, Mr.  President.   It does contain some very high hopes and dreams, and I hope this  legislation builds on an opportunity for further expansion of our  defense industrial base, because so many of the things that we need to  do cannot be done unless we have got the resources in place to actually  put Americans to work making our country stronger.  [[Page S5838]]    It does contain one of the largest pay raises in decades.   There will perhaps be more said on final passage, but I am grateful  to my colleague and friend and fellow veteran, Senator Reed, and I urge  the passage of this vote.   I yield the floor.   