 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  allowed to speak for up to 5 minutes, followed by Senator Graham for up  to 5 minutes, prior to the scheduled rollcall votes.    Madam President, as elected Members of Congress, our most  important obligation is the safety and security of all Americans.  Events here at our southern border and across the globe are putting at  risk the safety and security of Americans today.   We are appalled by the terrorist attacks Hamas committed against  Israel. Those attacks did great harm to the  [[Page S5167]]  people of Israel and also to American citizens, some of whom are still  being held hostage.   We support Israel's efforts to secure the release of all of the  hostages held by Hamas.   That means we also expect the Government of Qatar to do more to bring  those hostages safely out of Gaza. I say that because the Government of  Qatar hosts the leadership of Hamas. That is where the leadership of  Hamas is. I find it remarkable that they are living in Qatar rather  than in Gaza. It says a lot; doesn't it? But because they are there,  the Government of Qatar is in a position to do a lot more and be  helpful in getting these hostages released.   We continue to stand--and we will continue to stand--with Israel as  it prepares to remove Hamas from power in Gaza, and that is something  they must do for their own safety and really for the safety of many  other countries, as well, because Hamas is a terrorist organization  dedicated to terror. That means killing indiscriminately, and that is  exactly what they have been doing and what they are doing.   We know that this will require the Israeli people to make enormous  sacrifices, but that these sacrifices will ultimately bring security to  Israel and to the region. More broadly, we know that many Americans,  including members of our military, our diplomats, and many civilians in  the Middle East, are threatened by violence instigated by Iran.   We owe it to these Americans to provide the protection they need and  to deter further violence from Iran. So we must set aside fruitless  negotiations with the terror regime in Tehran, increase sanctions, and  demonstrate that we will respond forcefully to Iranian-backed violence  against our people and our interests.   The threats that Americans face are not confined to the Middle East.  Our porous southern border opens the door to threats that can emerge  here at home--threats from terrorists--and we need to address that.  Instability in the Middle East and other parts of the world make  securing our southern border even more urgent.   We must identify who is attempting to enter the United States and  stop those who are entering our country illegally. A secure border  helps us identify potential threats before they get inside the United  States.   Just last week, Customs and Border Protection confirmed that the  United States experienced the highest ever monthly encounters at the  southern border, nearly 270,000--270,000--in 1 month. And with nearly  2.5 million crossings, fiscal year 2023 has now seen the highest ever  annual toll of encounters at the southern border, almost 2.5 million.  And, to make matters worse, in fiscal year 2023, a record number of  individuals from the terror watchlist--from the terror watchlist-- attempted to cross into the United States.   Think about that--from the terror watchlist. DHS admits that this is  a growing threat. Its most recent ``Homeland Threat Assessment'' found  that the Department is seeing annual increases of individuals on the  terror watchlist attempting to illegally cross into the United States.  Specifically, the report found that ``as part of the overall increase  in migration, we have also encountered a growing number of individuals  in the Terrorist Screening Data Set (TSDS), also known as the  `watchlist.''' Hamas and other violent extremists certainly are aware  of this vulnerability.   We know what the solutions are. The Biden administration won't  enforce them. Everyone knows what the solutions are: Enforce the  ``Remain in Mexico'' policy, enforce the ``safe third country''  agreements--we know they work. The last administration proved it. We  know they work. But the Biden administration will not enforce them, and  they need to. Border security is national security--and finish building  the border wall.   As we consider proposals to aid our allies, we must not forget to  also secure our own border. Border security is national security.  Meaningful border security provisions should be included as part of our  efforts to make Americans safer and more secure.   As we stand with Israel--and we must stand with Israel--we must also  secure our southern border.   I yield the floor.   