 Madam Speaker, I thank the members of the Rules  Committee who put in so many hours over the past several days to  prepare what is an unprecedented rule, in my experience. It is  important for moving us forward.  [[Page H4490]]    To the members of the Rules Committee who put in the long hours this  weekend, I certainly want to thank the members of that committee and  the staff for working so hard. We are going to get this underlying  legislation to the floor. It is important.   You are hearing a lot about the border this evening for a reason. A  lot of us have studied the problems at the border for several years,  but I will just tell you, it has never been this bad, and people see  that. We are constantly asked at home: Why can't you do something about  that?   Mr. Roy is exactly right. We did pass a very significant policy bill,  H.R. 2, earlier this year, but it does no good to continue to fund it  if the administration is not going to enforce the law--even the current  law--but enforce the law, which is essentially the will of the  Congress.   What we are doing here today is critical. We are fulfilling our  obligation to our constituents and the American people. We are going to  fund the government in a responsible and fiscally sound manner, as  opposed to this business of usual stuff that has been going on for  several years where Congress is expected to rubberstamp what comes over  from the Senate or rubberstamp what is asked for by the President.   Our duty extends far beyond what is happening just today. The next  generation and the next generation after that, our future, the  country's future depends on us standing strong at this moment and  ensuring that the funds of the American taxpayer are wisely spent.   This administration's track record has failed on so many levels-- failed my constituents, failed your constituents, Madam Speaker, the  people of Texas, and the migrants who have lost their lives on this  dangerous journey to cross our border.    Madam Speaker, this administration is not only complicit, but bears  the sole responsibility for this humanitarian crisis that is unfolding  before our very eyes.   The Biden administration's failure to enforce our laws, their  shameful handcuffing of our courageous Border Patrol agents from  effectively safeguarding our borders has allowed the southern border to  fall from anarchy into a calamity.   Madam Speaker, our work here today signifies our crucial mission to  rectify past errors and steer our Nation back on the path of fiscal  responsibility. People need to know that we recognize our solemn duty  to correct course and restore fiscal sanity, not only for our sake but  for the sake of those who will come after.   