 Madam Chair, I stand here before you today because the  American people are hurting. Over the past few years, they have been  forced to cope with skyrocketing costs, a direct result of President  Biden's misguided energy policies.   With every step the President has taken to restrict domestic energy,  from canceling the Keystone pipeline to placing a ban on new drilling,  it has become much harder for Americans to make ends meet. Fortunately,  Republicans have a solution to this problem that will increase domestic  energy production.   The United States is home to some of the largest reserves of oil and  natural gas anywhere in the world. The Lower Energy Costs Act will  allow us to tap into these resources so we can drive down the cost of  energy and combat the out-of-control inflation that has devastated the  American family.   Our legislation will increase American energy production, reform our  broken permitting process, reverse President Biden's anti-energy  policies, and improve the construction of energy infrastructure.   H.R. 1 also protects our energy future by boosting production of  critical minerals, making us less reliant on our adversaries such as  China.   Under the leadership of Chair Rodgers, my colleagues and I on the  Energy and Commerce Committee have been working to shape policies that  will unleash American energy and lower costs for our families. H.R. 1  represents our commitment to fighting for an economy that is strong and  a nation that is safe.   This bill will help reduce our reliance on foreign oil, which would  not only benefit our economy but also strengthen our national security  and our safety.    The left's dream of a Green New Deal future has turned into a  nightmare, and it is time for the President to wake up. With prices  nearing record highs, the need to unleash American energy has never  been more pressing and important.   This body must take immediate action to lower energy costs, fight  inflation, and secure our energy future, and this bill will do it.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 1, the  Lower Energy Costs Act.   