 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment makes a technical fix to what  seems to be a copy and paste drafting  [[Page H5772]]  error in the bill, replacing ``Treasure Island Job Corps'' in section  114 of the bill, which was the language signed into last year's bill,  to ``Gary Job Corps Center,'' which was supposed to be in this year's  bill.   The Gary Job Corps facility in San Marcos, Texas, is one of the  largest in the country and, as such, has a great deal of excess land.  This land is located adjacent to the fast-growing San Marcos Regional  Airport.   For several years now, the city of San Marcos has been working  closely with the Gary Job Corps Center and the Department of Labor on  ways for the city to make better use of that excess land to the benefit  of its citizens. This area of San Marcos is a key cog in the regional  growth plan for the city and region, and the use of such additional  land will ensure that the trend continues as the area brings in more  and more economic investment.   This amendment will simply allow the Department of Labor to negotiate  directly with the city on dispersal of such land at fair market value  without having to go through the yearlong GSA Federal land dispersal  process. It replicates an effort that was done last year with the  Treasure Island facility in California, so there is strong precedent.   By removing some bureaucratic red tape, the amendment, which has the  blessing of the Department of Labor, will ensure that San Marcos,  Texas, continues its efforts to be an economic engine for the region.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of my amendment,  which provides a small technical fix to this bill.    Mr. Chair, I will repeat that Treasure Island Job Corps  was in last year's bill, and as the majority drafted this year's bill,  I think we know what needs to be in the bill. Let me also point out  that President Biden's Department of Labor supports this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   