 Mr. President, I am grateful for the respect with which  you said those two words, ``New Jersey.'' It is an extraordinary State,  and I know you recognize and respect it, sir.   I want to stand at this moment, as we are about to close out the  Senate, to recognize perhaps one of the most unrecognized elements of  the functioning of the U.S. Senate. There are extraordinary people who  work in this institution--people who have dedicated their careers to it  and support not just Senators but really this incredible, august body.  But, today, I want to mark that this is the last day of a class of  pages that is serving today. They are the youngest people on the Senate  floor--15, 16 years old--but they have served on the frontlines of  history over the last months.   I have seen a lot of young people pass through here, and this class  of pages is the least funny pages I have seen.   (Laughter.)   I have asked them for jokes. They have given me things that could be  called a joke, but they did not have their intended purpose. I am  disappointed. I stand in judgment of them.   (Laughter.)   But despite their lack of humor, what they did show was an abundance  of commitment to country, to service, to patriotism.   Most of America doesn't realize what these pages go through to be  here. They have an extraordinary challenging time. They actually wake  up at 4 or 5 in the morning. They do their homework, they do their  class work, and then they come and work a full-time job, often into the  evening when the Senate goes on to 8 and 9, getting closer to 10. Ten  is a wonderful, wonderful time because if they get past 10, they don't  have to go to class in the morning. Is that it? They have no class.  Now, I am not saying that they are classless people. I am not saying  that if they go past 10 p.m., they have no class.   (Laughter.)   But think about this: They are waking up at 5 in the morning, they  are going until 8 or 9, and they start it all over again. It is a  difficult job, it is demanding, but yet they have done it with  distinction.   Tomorrow, they will graduate, and they will go back to their lives  all across the country. It is extraordinary. These young folks come  from the North, the South, the East, the West, and they will go back,  having had a unique experience. But although they leave this  institution, they also leave their spirit, their energy, and their  contributions.   I want to say to all of the pages--because I won't have a chance to  say goodbye to them at the graduation--I want to say, on behalf of  myself and also 99 others, it was an honor to serve with you in the  U.S. Senate.   I hope as you continue your careers of service to country, of being  the calling of a nation that needs its young people more than ever-- people full of hope, people full of dreams, people full of commitment-- that you consider coming back to this body. There are extraordinary  people who serve here who were former pages, everyone from  Parliamentarians, all the way to Senators themselves.   But on this day, on behalf of this body, I want to conclude by simply  saying thank you.   