 Mr. President, by my watch, today is September 20. The  fiscal year for the U.S. Senate and for the U.S. Government ends in 10  days. Congress, which is required to fund the government by passing  appropriations bills, has not passed a single appropriations bill 10  days before the end of the fiscal year.   The obvious point is that, unless Congress acts to fund the  government in the next 10 days, the government will be without funds,  and large portions of the Federal Government will shut down;  notwithstanding the fact that some people think maybe that is a good  idea and that we are spending too much money here, so let's just shut  it down. Well, tell that to the members of the U.S. military and their  families. Tell that to the men and women who serve bravely as members  of the Border Patrol and of the Customs and Border Protection, who are  responsible for processing the goods that enter into our country from  our trading partners who create millions of jobs. Tell that to  Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE. Tell them that they will  have to work and not get paid. Programs that support our seniors,  veterans, children, and some of the most vulnerable Americans will be  paralyzed, and a range of services from passport processing to opioid  treatment will be delayed. Good luck if you want to take a vacation and  need your passport renewed.   Well, as may be obvious from my statements, I am not a fan of  government shutdowns. I have noticed from my experience that when that  happens, the same problems that caused you to shut down the government  are still there staring you in the face when the government reopens,  and it creates a lot of collateral damage and a lot of collateral  expense. It doesn't actually save money; it actually costs more money  because of the disruption. And shutdowns harm innocent people and  create needless uncertainty for our economy.   I don't need to tell Members of the Senate that our economy is in a  precarious position right now. Inflation is at a 40-year high--or it  has been at a 40-year high--and the Federal Reserve continues to raise  interest rates in order to try to deal with inflation. One of the  largest autoworker unions in the country, the UAW, is currently on  strike; and we don't know how long that strike will last or how far it  will spread. So notwithstanding the fact that President Biden likes to  talk about the virtues of Bidenomics, I think if you ask most people  whether they are feeling good about the economy and their personal and  family prospects, they will tell you they are a little nervous--and  with good reason.   I mentioned that shutdowns are not a useful tool nor do they provide  leverage for negotiations. I know, here in the Senate, we are always  looking for leverage to try to persuade people to do what we want or to  vote for the things we like or to vote against the things we don't  like. Leverage is part of the way we operate. But shutting down the  government does not provide leverage, certainly not to the people who,  ultimately, contribute to that shutdown. But, sadly, that seems to be  the direction we are heading in.   It has been pretty clear for a long time now that the Senate majority  leader--the only person who can actually bring bills to the floor and  schedule them for a vote--is trying to play the old Washington blame  game: It is not my fault. It is somebody else's fault. In this case, he  wants to put the blame solely on the shoulders of the House of  Representatives and the Republicans who have a thin majority there.   Before the August recess even ended, Senator Schumer began pointing  the finger at House Republicans, referring to their desire to secure  spending cuts--the horror of trying to save money, of trying to reduce  the debt and annual deficits. Our debt-to-GDP ratio is 100 percent. We  have been writing checks here in Washington that somebody is,  ultimately, going to have to cover, and it probably won't be us. It  will probably be our children and grandchildren. So I applaud the House  [[Page S4617]]  of Representatives for trying to find ways to save money.   But the Senator from New York, the majority leader, called those--the  angling for spending cuts--political games. Over the past few weeks, he  has continued to try to sell this narrative to the press.  Unfortunately, he has found some traction. Some of the press is saying:  Oh, it is all the Republicans in the House. He even called the process  here in the Senate the ``gold standard.'' The ``gold standard.'' We are  in big trouble. If the way that the majority leader has handled this  appropriations process is the gold standard, we are in big trouble. He  has even gone so far as to call it a MAGA shutdown.   Well, Senator Schumer is in a very powerful position as the majority  leader, but that power comes with responsibilities, which he has  completely abdicated. The majority leader sets the schedule in the  Senate, as I mentioned. He determines which bills come to the floor,  whether they will receive a vote, and how many amendments will be  considered. That is a lot of power in one person, and that is the  benefit of being the majority leader--being able to set the schedule,  to schedule votes, and decide who gets to vote on amendments and the  like. It also comes with responsibility--and I don't mean just a  responsibility to the Senate; I mean a responsibility to the American  people and to the institutions that work for them, like the Senate,  like the House.   So the Senate can only take up and pass legislation when Senator  Schumer is on board, and when it comes to funding the government, it is  obvious he is clearly not on board.   I see the chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee on the  floor. I want to just, once again, commend her and the ranking member,  Senator Collins, and all 14 of the Senate Appropriations Committee  members for doing their job and doing it on a timely basis.   I think all of us sort of hoped maybe this would be the beginning of  a crack in the broken system and that maybe we could get the Senate to  work again as it is supposed to. Well, it was a great plan. As I said,  they did their part. The committee passed all of its 12 appropriations  bills by the end of the summer--or, actually, by the end of July-- marking the first time that has happened in 5 years. Each bill passed  with bipartisan support--some of them unanimously. That is impressive,  and I know that Senator Murray and Senator Collins worked hard to  achieve that.   But the committee's productivity was no accident. The chair and the  vice chair of the committee promised a return to the regular way we  have been appropriating money for time immemorial, consistent with the  rules of the Senate. They followed through on their promise. They used  the power that they have as the Appropriations Committee, and they also  embraced their responsibilities. I applaud them for it. They gave the  majority leader exactly--exactly--what he needed in order to restore  the Senate appropriations process to its normal function, according to  the rules. But you can't do that by not passing a single appropriations  bill in the U.S. Senate 10 days before the end of the fiscal year.   Despite the fact that the Appropriations Committee began passing  funding bills on June 22, the majority leader did not even attempt to  put the first funding bill on the floor until mid-September. I think it  was 18 days before the end of the fiscal year. Now it is 10 days, and  we still haven't voted on a single bill. He could have tinkered with  the Senate's 2-week recess for the Fourth of July. He could have said:  Well, instead of 5 weeks for an August break or a summer break, let's  make it 4 weeks, because this is important. We need to get our work  done. But he did none of those things. He could have adjusted the  priorities as the majority leader.   All we have been doing here--it is not like we have been voting on  legislation. All we have been doing is doing nominations. When you are  doing nominations, it is not that they are unimportant, but you are not  using that time--which is coin of the realm here in the Senate, which  is floor time--in order to pass legislation.   Well, it is pretty obvious--it should be obvious--to everybody that  the majority leader has decided to run out the clock. He has  orchestrated this crisis here in the U.S. Senate. I say ``crisis''  because of the disruption that it will cause, the unnecessary  disruption this shutdown will cause, if it occurs, but he allowed  months to pass without making any effort--any effort--to move  appropriations bills.   So the majority leader can criticize our colleagues across the  Capitol as much as he wants. He does it a lot. He tries to shift the  blame from himself to them. Again, this is a world-class sport here in  Washington, DC. It is called the blame game. Years ago, someone said,  ``Well, whoever has got the best narrative wins in Washington, because  the press will go along with it, and they will ignore the real or, at  least, the whole story,'' which is the complicity of the majority  leader in creating the circumstances that we find ourselves in now.   We find ourselves with an impossible task given this heel-dragging by  the majority leader. We cannot get these appropriations bills passed  through the Senate. We cannot get a bill that the House will agree to.  We cannot get a Presidential signature before the deadline. It is  impossible, and the majority leader knows that. He created the problem.  He orchestrated it. This was intentional.   So the Senate is rushing to pass some appropriations bills, this so- called minibus, but there is no scenario--none at all--in which the  Senate will pass all 12 appropriations bills before September 30. There  is just not enough time. Again, I am confident that this truncated  timeline was no accident. It was all part of the majority leader's  plan.   Now, you might ask me: Why in the world would he do something like  that?   Well, when he basically undermines the work of the Appropriations  Committee on a bipartisan basis, when he doesn't give all 100 Members  of the Senate an opportunity to participate in the process by offering  amendments, debating those amendments, and getting votes on those, it  actually increases his power and influence. We saw that last December  when, basically, three or four people negotiated an omnibus  appropriations bill. And he likes that because it enhances his power,  but we should not be asked to like it, because that means we are unable  to do our job on behalf of the constituents we represent--in my case,  30 million Texans.   Over the last few months, back when the debt ceiling vote occurred,  it sounded like Senator Schumer was on board with what Chairman Murray  and Ranking Member Collins were trying to do. He applauded the  bipartisan work of the Appropriations Committee and talked about the  importance of working together in good faith. But here is another  lesson I have learned here in Washington: Don't just listen to what  people say. Watch what they do.   When given the opportunity to restore the Senate appropriations  process to its customary function and put individual bills on the floor  in a timely manner, he took a pass. He let months go by without even  attempting to put a funding bill on the floor.   I know, after the minibus came to the floor, there has been an  attempt to try to get this thing going, and we are still working on  that. But this is all entirely predictable if you wait until the last  minute to try to do the work you should have done months ago.   We are just months away from a potential government shutdown,  something that I am hopeful we can avoid. But, of course, what is the  majority leader's tune? Not my fault.   He called the process here in the Senate the ``gold standard.'' If  this is the gold standard, we are in big trouble.   The majority leader bears responsibility for the Senate's failure to  pass a single appropriations bill so far. The Appropriations Committee  gave Senator Schumer exactly what he needed in order to do his job on a  timely basis. The fact that Senator Schumer fumbled the ball is no  one's fault but his own. This is not a ``MAGA shutdown.'' This is a  Schumer shutdown. He ignored his own commitment to return to regular  order.   I wasn't privy to the conversations the majority leader had with the  chair and the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, but,  based on what they did, my impression is that they held the hope that,  somehow, we would have an orderly and timely process. I know that is  what they want.  [[Page S4618]]  That is what I want. But Senator Schumer made sure that was not  possible. And, ultimately, he will carry much of the blame if the  government shuts down next Saturday.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   