 Mr. President, as the whole Nation knows by now, title  42, the COVID-19 public health laws used by the Border Patrol to expel  people at the southern border, will expire at midnight tonight.   At our border communities, in the 1,200 miles of our border with  Mexico and Texas, they are bracing for a tsunami of humanity. As we  know, over the last couple of years, title 42 has been one of the tools  in the Border Patrol's toolbox to prevent the Biden border crisis from  becoming the Biden border catastrophe or calamity.   To give you a sense of the impact of title 42, which will go away  tonight, since President Biden took office, U.S. Customs and Border  Protection has logged more than 5 million illegal border crossings--5  million. Because of title 42, the United States hasn't been required to  detain, identify, and process every single person who crossed the  border illegally. In fact, nearly half of those 5 million were removed  under title 42, a total of almost 2.4 million people.   Consider the countless stories we have heard over the last 2 years  about overcrowded detention facilities. I have seen them myself. We  have all seen them on television or in the print media. We have seen  these shelters bursting at the seams. That was the case when Border  Patrol was detaining only roughly half of the individuals who illegally  crossed the southern border because they were able to use title 42.   Starting tomorrow, agents will have to apprehend every single person  under DHS's--Department of Homeland Security's--traditional title 8  authority. The problem is that law enforcement doesn't have the space  to hold those individuals, not even close.   Last spring, Secretary Mayorcas, the Secretary of Homeland Security,  said, Customs and Border Protection detention facilities could hold  approximately 18,000 people. That sounds like a large number, until you  begin to look at the number of people who are crossing the border every  day.   This week, we have already seen an average of about 10,000 border  crossings a day. And he says we can detain 18,000. And you are getting  10,000 a day?   Well, once title 42 is lifted, that number will climb even higher.  Detention facilities, which are already overcapacity, will become even  more crowded. And once they are fully maxed out, the Biden  administration will simply release people into the United States, using  what they call parole.  [[Page S1615]]    Now, parole--we are perhaps familiar with parole in the criminal  context--but parole in the immigration context means that they will be  released into the interior of the United States, whether or not they  can satisfy the legal requirement to be granted asylum, and they will  be told to go to an Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in the  interior of the United States--in Chicago, in New York, here in  Washington, DC, or wherever they may end up.   Unfortunately, immigration court backlogs because of the vast numbers  of people coming in. If you show up in New York, and you have been  paroled in the United States, assuming you even show up, which many  don't, you could wait as many as 10 years to begin the process of being  heard in immigration court.   And here is the real unfairness. Consider the people--although it is  a small minority, maybe 15 percent or so of these migrants who claim  asylum will have a valid claim. They have to wait in line with the 85  or more percent who we know will not have a valid plan. How unfair is  it to those people to leave them in legal limbo because of the  uncontrolled numbers coming across the border?   Well, anyone who thinks this is somehow a scare tactic or a made-up  story is in for a rude awakening. Over the last several weeks, as the  title 42 end date has crept closer, we have seen migrants gathering  in larger and larger numbers along the border in Mexico. It is  currently estimated that more than 100,000 migrants are already  waiting. With this deadline just around the corner, the Secretary of  Homeland Security traveled to Brownsville, TX, last Friday to talk  about what is to come.    Brownsville, TX, which is at the very tip of the Rio Grande Valley,  right across from Mexico, is one of three Texas cities to declare a  state of emergency already, anticipating the end of title 42. Laredo  and El Paso were the other two because they are preparing, as best they  can, for an unprecedented surge of migrants.   Over the last couple of weeks, more than 15,000 migrants have arrived  in Brownsville. Law enforcement and city officials have been  overwhelmed by the arrival of so many people, and they are bracing for  an even larger surge on Friday.   With this as a backdrop, Secretary Mayorkas made an absolutely  dumbfounding statement last week--one of many that he has made in the  past. He said: The border is not open; it has not been open; and it  will not be open subsequent to May 11.   It is beyond my comprehension how someone can see what we are seeing  on our TV screens or in the media and then to have a public official  like the Secretary of Homeland Security tell us a lie repeatedly about  the border not being open.   I don't know what he calls 5 million people coming across the border.  Well, about half of them have been expelled, so let's say, roughly, 2.5  million after you consider those who were repatriated as a result of  title 42. He said this in Brownsville, which is a city that has  absorbed less than 15,000 migrants in less than 2 weeks.   You know, in some of the newspapers they have a Pinocchio test where  they will give you one Pinocchio, two Pinocchios, three Pinocchios,  four Pinocchios, based on how outrageous the lie is. And I don't think  you can count up enough Pinocchios to award Secretary Mayorkas for his  outright falsehood that he continues to spew, sitting in the critical  position to do something about this.   The border has clearly been open, and President Biden and his  administration have laid out the welcome mat. And that is why there has  been absolutely no deterrence. You know, law enforcement, including  Border Patrol, doesn't just enforce the law. They, by enforcing the law  and by people knowing that they are enforcing the law, hope to deter  other people from violating the law.   But when people see an open border with no enforcement, there is no  deterrence. And so people do what we can expect they will continue to  do, and that is to continue to come.   Well, at midnight tonight, title 42 expires. Secretary Mayorkas must  really think that the American people are stupid or dumb. But they are  not. They are smart. They can see what is going on. They know he is not  telling the truth. And for some reason, President Biden continues to  keep him on the payroll. You would think, at some point, somebody  should get fired for this disaster, which is about ready to get worse.  There needs to be some sort of accountability.   If you did something like this in the private sector, what do you  think would happen to you? You would be held accountable. But  apparently not in the Biden administration. You can lie to the American  people. You can fail to do your job until it gets so bad that  presumably something has to give.   All of us can see photos and videos of the chaos at the southern  border. We see it on our social media feeds and on the nightly news. We  understand what is happening, and we know who is responsible.   So the administration is being dishonest when they say the border is  not open. And they have made it painfully obvious that nothing is going  to change until they are forced to do so.   After a couple of years--I have been writing to the Secretary of  Homeland Security for at least the last 2 years, saying: When title 42  ends, as we know it will at some point, what is your plan? What is your  plan?   Well, on the eve of this looming crisis and catastrophe, after the  end of title 42, the administration has rolled out something they call  the circumvention of lawful pathways rule.   The problem is, the Constitution does not give the executive branch-- the President of the United States--the power to write immigration laws  or to stand up new pathways for legal status. If young people who were  given Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals have learned one thing, it  is that the President does not have the authority to unilaterally  change immigration laws. That is something he has to do in conjunction  with the Congress.   But the Biden administration seems eager to repeat history with this  rule, which funnels migrants into new, unconstitutional, so-called  lawful pathways that were unilaterally created by the executive branch.   You know, there has got to be a little office somewhere--I haven't  found it yet here in Washington DC--that generates these names for  legislation or new rules and regulations, which actually are the  opposite of what they do. That was true with the Inflation Reduction  Act, which didn't reduce inflation. And it is true of this so-called  circumvention of Lawful Pathways Act. It is not lawful. It is not  constitutional for the President to do it by himself.   Unfortunately, that is just one of many problems with this rule. The  broad goal, plainly, is to ensure a more orderly asylum process by  reducing the number of border crossings between ports of entry and  encouraging migrants to seek asylum at ports. Well, if that were  actually what was going to happen, that would be improvement. Those who  fail to present themselves at a port of entry would, theoretically, be  ineligible for asylum. And it purports to regulate the flow of asylum  seekers into land ports of entry so they don't become dangerously  overcrowded.   As I said, at face value, these seem like constructive ideas, but  this rule is brimming with flaws and exceptions and loopholes that were  explicitly designed to ensure migrants will be released into the United  States en masse.   I learned as a law student: What the front page giveth, the back page  can taketh away.   While the Biden administration may want to put on this happy face  that, yes, we learned our lesson, we are changing the rules, we are  going to restrict the pathways by which people can seek asylum in the  United States, the truth is they have no commitment to an orderly,  lawful, and humane system of immigration.   The Biden plan includes broad exemptions for migrants who show up at  a port of entry without an appointment and are illiterate--or at least  claim to be. It provides an exception for migrants who can't access the  DHS scheduling system or who experience significant technical issues  with the notoriously glitchy CBP One app. And the Department all but  admits in the fine print that these migrants will be paroled.   Remember what I said about parole. It is just releasing these  migrants into the United States and quickly being  [[Page S1616]]  given employment authorization documents.   The exceptions swallow the rule by outlining broad exceptions that  can't be objectively evaluated and are easily gamed. If they can't be  gamed, they will be gamed.   The Biden administration has provided the cartels with a road map or  a playbook. The administration is saying: Instruct migrants to use one  of these excuses. Coach them to use one of these excuses, and they will  be eligible for asylum, and they will be released into the interior of  the United States.   Migrants can make the dangerous journey to the border, show up at a  port of entry without an appointment, say the magic words, and still be  paroled into the United States.   As the administration has made clear, it plans to ``expeditiously  process'' migrants who arrive at the southwest border. With title 42  set to expire and 100,000 immigrants gathering across the border, this  is President Biden's plan. It is called expedited catch-and-release.   The circumvention of lawful pathways rule is dangerous and  unconstitutional. I am in the process of introducing a Congressional  Review Act resolution to disapprove of it. This rule would rapidly  increase the number of migrants being paroled in the United States  while doing nothing--zero--to deter migrants with weak asylum claims.   Immigration groups on the left and the right, interestingly, oppose  this rule. Some of our colleagues in the Democratic caucus have  expressed that they are deeply disappointed with the administration and  that it has chosen to move forward in publishing this proposed rule.  That is from a Democratic Member of the Senate.   I urge Senator Schumer, the majority leader, who sets the schedule  around here, to allow us to vote on my resolution as soon as possible.   The White House has claimed that this is the only option available to  address a looming catastrophe, but that is false too. In the nineties,  President Clinton signed a law establishing something called expedited  removal. In short, it allows Border Patrol to detain and quickly remove  people who cannot prove their legal requirement in order to stay.  Expedited removals have been utilized by Republicans and Democrats over  the years. It is a part of that powerful deterrent that we need to  reestablish.   So those who have no legitimate claim to legal status will make that  dangerous journey, having paid thousands of dollars to a coyote or  cartel to get here. If a person is likely to be removed from the United  States within a few days of crossing, fewer and fewer of them will even  attempt to make the dangerous journey in the first place.   That is the power of expedited removal. It sends a clear message that  America's immigration laws will be enforced, something that has not  happened during President Biden's watch.   President Biden has the authority today to conduct expedited  removals. He has had that authority since day one but refuses to fully  utilize it.   I have heard the Press Secretary for the President say: Well, it is  up to Congress to deal with this.   Well, Congress has already dealt with this, and President Clinton  signed it into law.   It is because President Biden has unilaterally surrendered to the  cartels that continue to make billions of dollars and whose poison  kills tens of thousands of Americans each year because it continues to  flow across the border. President Biden has the tools he needs today.  So don't believe this: Well, it is their fault.   It is the blame game, which is an Olympic sport here in Washington,  DC--trying to blame somebody else, denying personal responsibility.   But this one sits at the feet of the President of the United States.  Rather than stand up new facilities or hire more personnel to make the  expedited removal process function, the Biden administration has,  instead, chosen to release people into the interior of the country at  an unprecedented pace.   Where the expedited removal serves as a deterrent, President Biden's  wide-scale catch-and-release is a magnet. People are being released to  wait immigration court dates that are years down the road--if they show  up, and many of them won't. Some migrants aren't scheduled to appear  before an immigration judge until 2032--9 years from now. Believe me,  when that happens, word travels fast, and more people are sure to  follow suit. Why wouldn't they?    President Biden has effectively said: Keep coming. We are going to  wave you on through the turnstile at the border, maybe never to be  heard from again and never to appear in front of an immigration judge.  How unfair is it to those who do have legitimate claims to have to wait  in line for 9 or 10 years with the vast majority of people who we know  will not qualify?   Well, this is what we have seen since President Biden took office and  decided to undo everything the previous President had done. And the  pace is going to do nothing but accelerate once title 42 goes away at  midnight tonight.   This administration needs to get serious about expedited removals,  about using the tools that are already available. It needs to make sure  that those with invalid claims are quickly removed from the United  States and, yes, people with valid claims need to be welcomed for  following the lawful process.   That is what I mean when I say we need a legal, humane, and orderly  immigration system. Legal immigration has been one of the greatest  things our country has ever embraced. Virtually all of us, or at least  our ancestors, came from somewhere else. And we have always tended to  attract people who are leaving dire circumstances--perhaps economic,  perhaps otherwise--in their home country, who want to come to the  United States to pursue their dreams.   I believe that is the secret sauce that has made our country what it  is today--the powerhouse that it is today, economically and otherwise.  But it is lawful immigration. It is orderly immigration. It is humane  immigration. It is not the chaos and the criminality that we see at the  border today.   Sometimes I ask myself: How bad does this have to get before the  politicians in Washington, DC, wake up and decide to do something?   I hope we are at that point. I hope it doesn't have to get worse  because it can get worse if we simply do nothing.   But the first step is for the President to use the tools available to  him already signed into law. In order to do that, they need to increase  detention space so frontline personnel will have the capacity to  actually carry out these expedited removals.   The Biden administration also needs to stop waving or paroling people  into the country to wait for an appointment with immigration and  customs enforcement that is years in the future. Again, that is for the  ones that show up.   These are just a few of the ways that the President can deal with  this crisis today. Those options have been available since the day he  took office. He just refuses to use them and tries to shift the blame  to others.   I yield the floor.   