 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my  bipartisan amendment urging the Health Resources and Services  Administration, or HRSA, to provide a complete accounting of unpaid and  partially paid claims by the COVID-19 Uninsured Program, as well as an  accounting of how funding from various pandemic-era laws have been used  to pay claims generated by providers under this program since it began.  The amendment also presses HRSA to provide a plan for the payment of  remaining legitimate claims that were made under this program.   The COVID-19 Uninsured Program provided reimbursement for claims  submitted by healthcare providers who provided testing, treatment, and  vaccination services for uninsured individuals during the COVID-19  pandemic.   In the spring of 2022, HRSA closed the program and provided little  notice or time to submit claims for services already provided under  that program.   I have heard from providers in my home State of Utah who are owed  funds by the administration for services performed prior to the  program's closure. Providers that submitted legitimate claims should be  compensated for these medical services.   I also believe that Congress must continue to provide robust  oversight on this program and other pandemic-era laws to ensure funds  were used appropriately and in line with congressional intent.   For example, a July 2023 HHS OIG report estimated that nearly 19  percent of the uninsured program payments made on behalf of 3.7 million  patients were improper.   A full accounting of HHS' use of pandemic funding will ensure  Congress has the tools and information necessary to be good stewards of  taxpayer dollars.   I have been supportive of efforts to address improper payments by  Federal agencies more broadly and to ensure that our government  operates efficiently and effectively. Understanding how these dollars  have been utilized by the Department would build on these efforts.   The administration has continued to provide funding for other  testing, treatment, and vaccination initiatives following the program's  closure. In addition, the Fiscal Responsibility Act rescinded billions  in funding for the provider relief fund because that money sat unused  for well over a year following HRSA's closure of the uninsured program.  PRF funds had been intended, in part, to reimburse providers for  services provided to uninsured patients.   I strongly encourage the administration and HSRA to work with  Congress and provide an accounting of the funding for the uninsured  program. The American people deserve accountability and cooperation  from the executive branch.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   