 Madam President, the images that have been emerging from  Israel in the aftermath of the Hamas terrorist assault are shocking in  the extreme. Our hearts are with the Israeli people in the wake of  these atrocities, and all of us here in America need to stand strongly,  firmly, and united for our friend and ally, Israel.   Here in Congress, there is strong bipartisan support to stand with  Israel against Hamas. But what does that mean? What does that mean to  stand with Israel? Of course, it means providing military aid. And, of  course, it means providing diplomatic support.   I am pleased to cosponsor a bipartisan legislation from the Foreign  Relations Committee under the leadership of Chairman Cardin and Ranking  Member Risch that expresses the Senate's support for Israel against  terrorism.   But today, standing with Israel also means standing against the  largest state sponsor of terror in the world, and that is Iran.   For too long, the United States has negotiated with Iran and made  concessions. Such policies have not brought peace.   Many of my colleagues and I have warned for years that giving money  to Iran, letting Iran sell oil, and giving Iran access to weapons would  destabilize the entire region. And, sure enough, over the last decade,  we have watched Iran extract concessions in one negotiation after  another while creating chaos in Yemen, Syria, Lebanon, and beyond. And  now we see the hand of Iran behind Hamas and this horrific assault on  Israel.   So we must do all we can to support Israel, to help Israel--help  Israel defend itself and ensure that it doesn't suffer another attack  like this at the hands of Hamas. But also, to stand with Israel, we  must undercut Iran's ability to work through its proxies like Hamas and  Hezbollah that pose such a danger to the Israeli people and others as  well. Concessions and waivers to the Iranian regime provide the  resources for Iran to develop an infrastructure of terror across the  Middle East, and the cash flow to Iran must be cut off.   To start with, we must refreeze the $6 billion that the regime gained  access to following negotiations over the release of U.S. citizens from  Iran.   I am part of the legislative efforts to do just that, including bills  from Senator Cotton, Senator McConnell, as well as legislation authored  by Senator Marshall and Senator Tim Scott.   Ultimately, we must return to a policy of maximum pressure--severe  sanctions, maximum pressure that holds Iran accountable for its  actions, its actions as the largest state sponsor of terror in the  world.   This means a return to the sanctions without waivers. This means  leading a global effort to isolate Iran, choke off its sources of  financing, and deny the regime the resources required to dominate the  region. And this also means making every effort to recognize the rights  and the freedoms of the people of Iran, including the right of the  Iranian people to choose their own future. We must take these steps.   At the same time, we must always do all we can to ensure that we  provide strong, unwavering support to our closest friend and ally in  the region, Israel.   Now, we need to move quickly to provide military support for Israel  in its fight against Hamas. Also, as I said, our policy on Iran needs  to change. We need to exert maximum pressure. That means severe  sanctions without waiver.   Maximum and unrelenting pressure on Iran helps Israel, helps the  United States, and provides the best chance for minimizing bloodshed  both now and in the future.  [[Page S5068]]    We stand with Israel.   I yield the floor.   