 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, thank you for the opportunity to address my  colleagues here on the Senate floor today.   I come here with a smile on my face because the individuals I want to  recognize today are friends, and they are wonderful people who have  made a difference in the lives of many of their fellow citizens back  home in Kansas.   I want to recognize a lifelong Kansan who has served her family, her  community, and her State. Peggy Dunn has been serving the city of  Leawood as mayor since 1997 and has cultivated a flourishing and  beautiful community. In January, Mayor Dunn's last term will come to an  end. Her dedication to the city of Leawood will not be forgotten, and  she will be greatly missed.   Peggy J. Dunn was born in greater Kansas City and has been serving  the city of Leawood for 31 years. Prior to being mayor, she was a city  council member for 4 years until she was sworn in as mayor in 1997.   Mayor Dunn has played a critical role in the growth of Leawood, and  during her years in office, many, many notable developments have been  made. Shopping centers such as Park Place and Town Center, Mission  Farms and Prairiefire have brought immense expansion and success to the  area. Buildings like the United Methodist Church of the Resurrection  reveal the architectural beauties of the city. These developments were  deliberately planned and came to fruition with guidance from Mayor  Dunn.   Mayor Dunn has dedicated her life to creating a lasting community by  forming relationships with Leawood's business leaders, volunteer  organizations, religious communities, and residents, working together  for the city's success.   I have seen her meet people and I know when I meet her--every time  there is a conversation, you know that she cares about you. She  listens, and she cares that way for the people of her city and the  people of the State of Kansas.   Through Mayor Dunn's work, new fire stations, police headquarters,  and courts protect the community. Beautiful parks, golf courses, and  recreational centers provide opportunities for residents and visitors  alike to enjoy what the city has to offer. Mayor Dunn is a servant  leader. She is an innovator, and she is totally dedicated to her  community.   Leawood, the city, has close relationships with sister cities. In  2003, Mayor Dunn and Mayor Peter Weiss of the Gezer region in Israel  signed a resolution in agreement to become sister cities. Since then,  Mayor Dunn has hosted delegations from abroad and traveled to Israel  multiple times. Additionally, Leawood dedicated the I-Lan Park to its  sister city in Taiwan. The park is home to a lovely Taiwanese garden,  an open play space, and a piece of art called Cloud Gate.   Through Mayor Dunn's leadership, Leawood has a very bright future  ahead.   Mayor Dunn's family has played a key role in her success as a leader.  She has 4 children with her husband Terry and 14 grandchildren. I  guess, needless to say, Mayor Dunn has plenty to keep her busy as she  retires as mayor.   Thank you to her family for supporting Peggy during her tenure.   I congratulate Peggy on her retirement and wish her the very best in  the future.   Thank you, Mayor, for all you have done for the city of Leawood, its  citizens, and all you have done for the State of Kansas.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   