 Madam Clerk, I rise to nominate Kevin McCarthy as  Speaker of the House.   The American Dream is a dream worth fighting for, and I know in my  heart of hearts that Kevin McCarthy is the man to lead us as we work to  fulfill that dream for everyone in every State and in every district.   Everyone in this Chamber understands the need to serve our  constituents. It is who elected us, and it is our responsibility. Kevin  understands this as well as anyone. He has dedicated his life to  spreading opportunity for all through the private sector and the public  sector.   This place is a special place for me. My first time on the Hill was  back when I was an intern in 2003. My mom visited, and I remember  walking her around the Halls of Congress as if I owned the place.   Well, just a few days ago, I got to walk my mom around this special  place one more time, but now as a Member-elect of the United States  House of Representatives.   The American Dream is alive. I believe it.   I have gotten to know Kevin McCarthy well. He secured a Republican  majority in the United States House and laid out a plan to deliver for  the American people.   There is one thing I know about Kevin McCarthy: He cares about the  American people. He cares about our country, and he is here not to be  somebody but to do something.   That has been laid out in his Commitment to America, to fight for: an  economy that is strong; a nation that is safe; a future that is built  on freedom; and a government that is accountable.   This I can strongly get behind.   This country gave me and my family an opportunity, an opportunity to  achieve the American Dream.   Madam Clerk, I was born in Mexico. The best way that I can tell you  who I am is through a short conversation I had with my dad when I told  him I was going to run for office. This conversation, of course, was in  Espanol, in Spanish.   My dad asked me, ``Juan, where else could we have our story? We come  to this country, we immerse in the culture, we learn English, we go  through the long journey and become U.S. citizens.'' He said, ``I drive  a bus my whole life, and now my son has a shot at becoming a Member of  the United States Congress. Where else in the world could we have our  story?''   But where else in the world could any of us have our story?  Regardless of our background, regardless of where we come from, what  side of the aisle we sit on, we have the privilege and opportunity to  sit here today as part of a historic moment, fighting for what we  believe.   The answer of where else is nowhere else. Only here.   I trust Kevin to fight for that American Dream because he is a  product of it. We are all a product of it. He gets it and understands  that a government accountable to the people is the best tool to ensure  that our future generations continue to have a real shot at the  American Dream.   So let's be proud of our stories. Let's be grateful to God for it  all, and let's get to work to ensure that everyone has the same  opportunity to write their own story.   Being a Representative isn't a job title. It is a job description.   The eyes of the world are on us as we are airing our grievances. That  is the cost of leadership, the leadership that comes from this body. So  let's act like it. Let's step up to that calling that our country  needs, and our districts expect from us.   I am confident we will resolve this issue and will stand united to  fight for the values that matter to the American people, the American  people who sent us here to tackle inflation, to protect our border, to  hold the executive branch accountable. It is time to do the job we were  entrusted to do, to get results for the American people who sent us  here.   The best person to lead us in this journey and in this fight to  defend the American Dream for all is Kevin McCarthy.   I am proud to stand here before you today as the first naturalized  citizen in the history of Arizona to win a congressional seat, proud of  the work of my parents: my dad who drove a bus for most of his life; my  mom, a homemaker. We grew up in a two-bedroom apartment. They didn't  own a home until I was in college. My story is not unique. I washed  cars with my dad in the same neighborhood that our office sits today.   We are not here celebrating one particular story. We are here  celebrating the American opportunity, only found here, being born from  this body as well, as the opportunities of our country have gone. All  of you in this room have that story. I strongly believe that we all  have a car wash story, the story where we began, and in spite of all  the challenges, in spite of all the obstacles, we are here, and each  one of us are a testament to the opportunity and the greatness of this  country. That is why we are here.   I strongly believe that Kevin McCarthy is the person to lead this  body in this new fight, this next 118th Congress.   At the direction of the Republican Conference, I advance the name of  Kevin McCarthy as the next Speaker of the House of the 118th Congress.   The CLERK. The Clerk recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr.  Aguilar).   