 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I brought a war powers resolution to the floor this  Congress to get U.S. troops out of Syria, arguing that the United  States, being excessively entangled in a great power competition in  Syria wasn't making life better for Syrians, it wasn't playing out to  our benefit in the sphere of great power competition, and that it left  U.S. servicemembers and contractors as sitting ducks.   Following that vote, which I lost overwhelmingly in a bipartisan  fashion, sadly, there were casualties; there was the death of an  American, because we have now become the neighborhood crime watch of  certain areas in Syria where there are oil rigs. That is what it is all  about.   I now come to the floor with this resolution to repeal a 2004  emergency vis-a-vis Syria. Now, it is supposed to be voted on by  Congress every 6 months thereafter, but we have been derelict in our  duty in doing so.   I am glad that today we are bringing forward a number of these  emergency resolutions that have been dormant slush funds, spending  untold sums of money with no transparency as to how much is going into  the Syrian emergency.   How about this rule for how the House thinks about emergencies:  Nothing is allowed to be an emergency for 20 years. If it were really  an emergency, there probably would have been some cataclysmic event of  Biblical proportion before the 20 years. If it is still an emergency 20  years later, it is a chronic condition, and the United States cannot be  the world's policeman and we cannot be the world's piggy bank.   Now, if the principal argument against my resolution is that my  resolution is soft on Assad, well, the logic that undergirds that is  that somehow the 2004 resolution was this great anti-Assad tool that we  must have, that we must maintain, to beat Assad.   Look around, Mr. Speaker. Assad has never been stronger. So if this  2004 resolution was Assad kryptonite, it has been the worst Assad  kryptonite you can ever imagine. It has malfunctioned.   I think we ought to repeal this emergency. We have sought  transparency to see how much money has been going pursuant to it. We  don't know the answer to that question.   To the extent that there are sanctions that we still want to  maintain, whether there are the other national emergencies that exist  targeted at terrorism generally, at Russia, at Iran, we have the  Magnitsky Act and there are all kinds of other authorities for the  President, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of the  Department of Commerce, even the DOD weighs in, and the State  Department, regarding sanctions regimes.   This is not a vote to lift sanctions and then hope for the best with  some pretty gnarly Syrians. In fact, it is us standing up to do our  job, and that is what we should do in repealing this 2004 resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I would point out, Mr. Speaker, to the gentleman that if he is  looking for a more effective way to insult the President of Israel, he  need look no further than the remarks of some of his own colleagues in  the recent days, which I would deem far more insulting than this policy  debate about how to have an effective sanctions regime.   No one here is arguing for sanctions relief vis-a-vis these  individuals. What we are saying is that the National Emergencies Act is  a very ineffective, inefficient way to administer a sanctions regime.  We do have specific authorities with the Magnitsky Act, with the  National Emergencies Act vis-a-vis counterterrorism. Treasury has these  authorities. State has these authorities. Most importantly, Congress  has the authority to impose sanctions.   If you believe that there are people who should be the subject of  sanctions by the United States Government, we are the board of  directors of the most powerful country on the planet Earth. We can  introduce those bills, vote for them, and we can fulfill our  constitutional authority.   What I am asking the Congress to do is to repeal a 2004 emergency  vis-a-vis Syria when Syria doesn't look anything like it did in 2004.   Mr. Speaker, if you vote to allow this national emergency to  continue, what you are doing is gaslighting unaccountable spending by  the Biden administration because they never have to make the requisite  report regarding the outlays on these matters. The money just moves  around, and we never quite see the efficacy of it.   We are all strong supporters of Israel on this side of the aisle,  certainly, and I would observe that U.S. policy in Syria has not  particularly helped Israel. As a matter of fact, when you had terrorist  groups setting up camps in Syria, directed at Israel, you know what the  Israelis did? They took them out. They blew them up. That sent a  message to Iran, the balance of power was restored, and it did not  involve the United States of America becoming the block captain of  Syria or anywhere else in the Middle East. If we want to do that, it  should be through a war powers  [[Page H3670]]  resolution with Congress affirmatively voting to do it, not just having  rolling national emergencies.   When the law contemplates a requisite obligation for us to vote to  reauthorize these things, we never do it. We don't do our job, then the  money goes out the door, and we don't see a safer Israel, a safer  Middle East, or a safer Syria. All we see is an empowered Assad. If  this is the great tool we had against Assad, we had better be thinking  of some different ones, because it hasn't exactly worked out as the  proponents of this national emergency would seemingly indicate.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   