 Mr. Speaker, it is hard to describe the anguish I  feel in the aftermath of the horrific attack on Israel by Hamas. It  continues the record I've seen from Hamas for as long as I've been in  Congress. Under Yasser Arafat, Hamas torpedoed a peace agreement that  was almost adopted with President Clinton. The pain was magnified  because we were so close to an agreement for lasting peace. Even though  optimism for the two-state solution has faded, I still believe it is  the best chance for long-term peace and security. Ultimately, there is  no military solution to this conflict.   I've traveled to Israel several times over the last 25 years and am  heartsick that the optimism I first encountered there appears to have  melted away. During my first trip to Israel in 1999, I met at a police  command center in Ramallah led by both an Israeli officer and a  Palestinian officer who were working cooperatively towards keeping the  peace. Now we are on the edge of a humanitarian catastrophe made even  worse with the widening scope of this war.   I am deeply concerned for the safety and security of the two million  civilians in Gaza,  [[Page H5063]]  half of whom are children. Israel cutting off water, electricity,  medicine, fuel, and humanitarian aid has already created horrific  consequences. These actions are not recipes for lasting peace in the  region.   It was important for President Biden to acknowledge the mistakes that  America made in our military response to 9/11 in Iraq and Afghanistan.  We lost our perspective. We overreacted and the world is still paying  the price.   I hope the Israeli government pays attention to the President's words  of caution--to follow international law and responsibilities for the  rules of war. They must work to avoid civilian casualties.   As someone who has worked for years trying to solve the water and  sanitation crisis in Gaza, I know full well the consequences they face.   As Congress provides funding to deal with this crisis, I hope we can  redouble our effort for humanitarian assistance, using our leverage to  urge restraint, and move as quickly as possible to help the Palestinian  people. I hope there is a humanitarian pause with a corridor for  civilian safety so that it can allow a reset for food, water and  medicine, and fuel to help them survive.   I pray that everyone will work together to avoid having this  humanitarian crisis spill out in the region and engulfing more people  and accomplishing nothing.   