 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to urge passage of my  amendment regarding certain enforcement actions with regard to center  high-mounted stop lamps.   I know my colleagues probably don't know what that is, but we refer  to those commonly as center brake lights. This amendment is intended to  prevent the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration from  advancing on its misguided effort to overregulate and further confuse  the collision avoidance industry that manufactures pulsating brake  lights.   These devices, with over 4 million operating effectively today, have  a demonstrated track record of improving safety. Studies have shown a  reduction in rear-end collisions in excess of 30 percent with the  vehicles that have utilized this technology.   These safety devices are simple, aftermarket products installed by  dealerships when a vehicle is purchased. They allow the top brake light  on a vehicle to pulse rapidly, which provides a heightened visual alert  to trailing drivers who may be distracted and don't notice that the  vehicle in front of them is braking.   This reduces the likelihood of rear-end collisions and creates a  safer environment on our roads, especially in stop-and-go traffic.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to  safeguard drivers across the Nation, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I suspected I would hear what I just  heard, but I would like to correct a few things.   The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is not doing their  job. Congress passed a law ordering them to conduct a study in 2019.  They said they would, and they haven't done it yet. Not only have they  not conducted a study, but they just recently reengaged on this issue  this past summer. They failed to engage with me.   I have sent several letters asking them to do the job that Congress  instructed them to do, but they have managed to order those  manufacturers of this pulsing brake light to turn over all of their  client lists because they wanted to then go after the dealers that have  installed these lights and force them to turn over their client lists,  and I think that is wrong.   This amendment is intended to force action by NHTSA to step back. If  they are not going to do their job, then at least don't get in the way  of something that works.   The studies have shown a reduction in rear-end collisions by over 30  percent with vehicles that have these brake lights. I will also point  to something that is really shocking to me, frankly, and that is that  10 to 15 States, including Maryland, Texas, California, Utah, and  Tennessee, have expressly agreed with the industry's analysis that  these are actually helpful to the safety of Americans on the road.   Any time Texas and California agree on something, I am inclined to  think it might actually be a good thing.   The other thing I will point out is something that I think many of  those watching this debate are afraid to mention, and that is the fact  that we have these manufacturers that have these deals that they worked  out with these auto dealers, and they make these parts. They talk with  these auto dealers and say they can sell this and make this amount of  profit. They got all this worked out.   When it comes to this pulsing brake light, it is not a manufacturer- provided part. This is something a private company--and now there are  four, five, or six. They all compete against each other. This industry  makes these lights and has now dealt with the auto dealers outside of  the manufacturers. As a consequence, the manufacturers don't like it.   I am not going to accuse the manufacturers of dealing with NHTSA, but  I will say it is very bizarre to me that NHTSA is not going forward  with the study that this Congress, in 2019, asked them to do.    It is very bizarre to me that NHTSA, instead of conducting a study,  instead of working with members of the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee, like myself, are asking for client lists of  this industry. That is just really weird to me, especially when the  device that is so controversial is approved by Texas, California, and,  frankly, some liberal States that all think this is really great.   Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues from across the aisle to  recognize this is not a partisan issue. This is bipartisan. This is a  good amendment, and I hope that we will all vote for it tonight when  Americans have gone to bed and we are back here on the House floor  voting late tonight. I hope my colleagues from across the aisle will  join me in supporting this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield my remaining time to the gentleman from Louisiana  (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   