 Madam President, there is a group of elected officials in  [[Page S551]]  our country today who are engaged in an anti-capitalist crusade. But  they are not socialists; they are mostly congressional Republicans.   This CRA is gross government overreach on U.S. capital markets. It is  designed to prevent pension plans from pursuing environmental, social,  and governance--or ESG--investing. But make no mistake, it is only the  latest step in a campaign to prevent American financial institutions  from making money from the clean energy revolution, and it should  offend anyone who supports free markets.   The reason this is happening is that the fossil fuel industry faces a  risk wall, where the risks associated with climate change are clear  enough that retirement plan sponsors may want to consider them when  investing assets. The Trump administration banned them from doing so,  implementing a rule that pension fund managers couldn't consider ESG  investing. The Biden administration's rule merely reverses this ban,  going back to a neutral stance--going back to be a neutral stance. It  is not telling them to do environmental, social, and governance goals;  it is just saying: Do whatever you want. It is none of our business.  The Federal Government has no business in determining how pension funds  deploy their resources.   But rather than own up to the risks or reduce their emissions, the  fossil fuel industry is trying to remove climate-related elements from  risk consideration, and the Republican Party is helping.   This closely coordinated effort is being driven by a network of dark  money organizations fronting for climate denial groups. One attacker of  ESG investing is the Rule of Law Defense Fund--the political arm of the  Republican State Attorneys General Association, which urged people to  come to the Capitol on January 6 and aid in the attempted overthrow of  our democracy.   This dark money helps to win elections, and the fossil fuel industry  is becoming more aggressive because of the increase in green investing.  Right now, more than $8 trillion in U.S. assets is under management  employing sustainable investing strategies. ESG investing is expected  to represent more than 20 percent of all global assets in the next 5  years, and this growth is occurring for one simple reason: It is  profitable. It is profitable.   Some asset managers are pursuing sustainable investing at the behest  of their clients. Others have determined sustainable investing fits a  long-term strategy to grow retirement savings. Any plan sponsor  considering sustainable investing is simply meeting the moment.   But here is the real point: It is their call. It is not our call.  That is just capitalism in action, and the climate deniers are getting  their butts kicked in the free market, and they are mad about it, and  so they want to make a law to stop the bleeding.   Imagine an elected official telling an investment firm they can't  offer large cap or small cap or emerging market funds or funds even  that are exclusively for fossil energy. That would be preposterous.  Why? Because people get to decide how to deploy their resources, and  pension funds get to decide how to deploy their resources. But  Republicans have decided that for this issue and only this issue, we  should be telling pension fund managers how they can and can't invest.   The real reason for this is the Inflation Reduction Act has made it  so profitable to invest in clean energy that they are losing, and they  want an intervention from the Congress, so they decided to categorize  ESG investing as something nefarious, as something tricky, as something  woke. Come on. They are just losing. People don't want to invest in  fossil fuel anymore, and so they are asking the Congress to intervene  on their behalf.   This is not how the free market should work. If this passes, it will  force financial firms to punish Americans on behalf of the fossil fuel  industry. We cannot be intimidated. We have to reject this.   I yield the floor.   