 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for this  great opportunity.   Last Congress was the most productive in over 50 years. With the  leadership of President Biden and Democrats in the House and Senate,  and with the help of some moderate Republicans, we were able to pass  landmark legislation, the core of which in our economic agenda was the  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which had a bipartisan vote;  the CHIPS Act, also a bipartisan vote; and the Inflation Reduction Act.   I am honored to serve on the Regional Leadership Council as we talk  about investing in America. This is about progress, and I am honored to  represent on that council both my home State of Florida and Georgia.   In Florida, we are slated for up to $50 billion in infrastructure  improvements. It means roads and bridges in places like I-4 in central  Florida, which has been mired in traffic for years because of our great  growth. It means a new airport tower in Tampa that Representative  Castro worked on for their growing city. Across the State, we literally  quadrupled the budget for ports in Florida because of these efforts.   I got to visit Cape Canaveral and see the work they are doing there  in the top cruise line destination port in the world, the expansions  there.   In south Florida, water projects to help with clean water as well as  ports have also been huge, and we see these types of expansions at our  airports, like Orlando International Airport with a new Terminal C and  expansions there.   We have seen hundreds of thousands of jobs created in Florida because  of these infrastructure projects. We are seeing local ironworkers,  electrical workers, and local operating engineers working on these  major projects as central Floridians are gathering together as well as  Floridians from across the State.   A surprising fact: Florida had more lead pipes than any other State.  That was a big surprise. Now, we have funding coming in to help out  everything from schoolkids to seniors who live in mobile home  developments.   We are also seeing a huge amount of work around the Inflation  Reduction Act. Georgia is cleaning up right now in making electric  vehicles, electric batteries, and even recycling EV batteries, with  both Hyundai and Rivian joining in those areas.   In fact, when we were in our Energy and Commerce Committee, we had  gentlemen from Georgia who had to change their tune on the very bill  attacking EVs that was being discussed  [[Page H4284]]  because there are so many jobs coming into Georgia to help out.   Of course, the Chips and Science Act coupled with these other bills  are doubling the amount of manufacturing, construction, and investment  in our Nation. We are the envy of the world right now in the  manufacturing that we have going on.   In our own State, we focus on aerospace chips, chips to help out with  satellites and rockets and with the harsh conditions of space and  aerospace. In central Florida, we were just named a finalist for the  biggest CHIPS Act project in the State. We are going to continue to  work with them and also with Green Garden Village, the biggest  Inflation Reduction Act project making EV batteries.   I thank the gentleman, my leader--he always will be my leader--Steny  Hoyer, for bringing us together to talk about progress, to talk about  jobs, to talk about manufacturing and clean energy as we continue to  invest in America and move our Nation forward.   