 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week, the Senate passed an  agreement that preserved America's full faith and credit and began to  rein in Democrats' runaway spending. But the Senate's work is far from  over. Today, with the threat of economic crisis behind us, it is time  for the Senate to focus its full attention on some of the most basic  responsibilities we are sent here to fulfill: keeping America safe,  keeping America fed, and keeping the lights on.   First, we have a little less than 4 months left in the fiscal year.  Our colleagues, Appropriations Chair Murray and Vice Chair Collins,  have expressed a shared goal to fund the Federal Government through  regular order. That means 12 full-year funding bills processed, passed,  conferenced, and signed into law before the end of September. I think  all 100 of us agree that we should not be funding the American people's  government through one big omnibus at the end of the year, but  achieving that is going to require hard work and incredible  cooperation.   To produce funding bills that can pass the House and become law, we  will have to build on the progress we made last week. After 2 years of  taxing, spending, and runaway inflation, the American people chose to  elect a divided government. In the coming weeks, that divided  government has an opportunity to restore stability to the  appropriations process and deliver more of the fiscal sanity they  expect, but only if the Democratic majority lets the process actually  work.   This year, we also have the responsibility to deliver a farm bill. A  full 10 percent of the American workforce depends on agriculture. The  Commonwealth of Kentucky is home to nearly 75,000 farms, and, in the  past 5 years, since the last farm bill was passed, farming hasn't  gotten any easier. Neither has ranching or forestry. Small businesses  and farm families across the country will be watching the Agriculture  Committee's work especially closely. Chair Stabenow, Ranking Member  Boozman, and our colleagues are already hard at work producing  legislation that delivers the certainty and support they need to  continue innovating, supporting rural jobs, and feeding America.   And Chair Cantwell, Ranking Member Cruz, and the Commerce Committee  are working on another measure that will require our attention before  the end of the fiscal year--reauthorizing the Federal Aviation  Administration. Reliable and affordable air travel for both people and  cargo is important to the prosperity of communities and industries  across our country.   So on behalf of Kentucky growers and the entire country, I hope each  of these measures receives swift consideration here on the floor.   