 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 7, legislation  I introduced requiring the Biden administration to finally end the  outdated and abusive COVID national emergency declaration.   Nearly 3 years have passed since President Trump rightfully declared  a national emergency concerning the COVID pandemic. The factual basis  for this declaration was apparent then.   As time has progressed and as we have learned about this virus, we  know that it is no longer a national emergency. Since President Trump's  initial declaration, the House of Representatives has not once voted,  let alone debated, whether to terminate this national emergency or keep  it as required--let me repeat that--required under the National  Emergencies Act.   The National Emergencies Act requires Congress to review termination  or continuation of a national emergency no later than 6 months after  its implementation and at least every 6 months thereafter. Yet, former  Speaker Pelosi repeatedly blocked my attempts to simply debate about  the merits of extending or terminating the COVID national emergency  declaration, despite the law requiring its review. That would make it  almost four to six times we should have had this debate during that  time.   What type of representative body cannot even discuss a national  emergency?   Until now, the House of Representatives has failed to perform its  most basic constitutional duty: checking the powers of the executive  branch and the power of the purse.   In contrast, companion legislation has twice passed the Senate, most  recently with overwhelming bipartisan support.   Last September, Mr. Biden declared the pandemic is over, cases are  down, America has opened back up. This hardly sounds like a country  under a national COVID emergency. Yet, Joe Biden continued to extend  the COVID national emergency simply to force Americans to live under  extreme measures that deprive us of our freedoms.   Just this week, Mr. Biden issued a Statement of Administrative Policy  opposing H.J. Res. 7, implying to veto the legislation. This action  stands in stark contrast to the recent promises that Biden would end  the COVID national emergency in May.   Let's not forget that Mr. Biden once promised the American people  that there would be no Federal COVID vaccine mandates. Yet, he soon  lied and mandated COVID vaccines for millions of Americans.   We simply cannot trust if and when Biden will keep his word. The  evidence is to the contrary.   It is time to end this emergency declaration now. If passed through  the House today, the National Emergencies Act requires the Senate to  expeditiously vote on my resolution within 18 calendar days.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation and  send it to the Senate. Do your due diligence. Do what the law requires.   