 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the Environmental Protection Agency, the EPA,  spends as much as $50 million a year to employ nearly 200 armed agents  at an average cost of $216,000 per year, per agent. The American people  would likely be disturbed to hear that.   According to the nonprofit Open the Books, the EPA has spent millions  of dollars over the years on antitank ammunition, amphibious assault  craft, night vision equipment, unmanned aircraft, and other military  equipment. It is difficult for me to imagine that the EPA has a  legitimate use for antitank ammunition. To me, that sounds like we are  arming a SEAL team. The difference is a SEAL team can explain why they  need these things; the EPA cannot.   These agents have been involved in raids in Alaska, Idaho, Wyoming,  Montana, Massachusetts, North Carolina, and in my own State of Alabama.  In Alaska, EPA agents wearing flak jackets and carrying long guns  showed up to review paperwork at a family-owned mining operation.   In my home State of Alabama, armed EPA agents took over two waste  treatment facilities in Dothan, Alabama. These agents were posted at  each entrance to the plant and recorded identification information on  all of those going in and going out.   The EPA is just one of more than 70 Federal agencies that employ  armed personnel, many of which most Americans would never associate  with law enforcement.   I think we need to take a step back and reevaluate whether arming the  bureaucracy is the best way to ensure that our laws are enforced.  Federal agencies should be able to demonstrate their need for armed  personnel and, absent such a demonstration, should rely on and partner  with local, State, or Federal law enforcement when there is a need for  armed protection.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Higgins).    Mr. Chairman, I am stunned to hear the response to this  coming from the side that supports defunding the police. What we want  to do is have proper law enforcement enforcing our laws and not  weaponizing the entire Federal bureaucracy against the citizens of the  United States.   I can't imagine why the EPA would need anti-tank ammunition to  enforce the laws of the EPA. We have seen what this leads to in  multiple examples, which I will not go into at this point. The critics'  claims, though, that my amendment would put EPA personnel at risk of  harm, that would be wrong.   My amendment does not prohibit the EPA from using funds to provide  security for its personnel or property. It does not prohibit training  of EPA security or law enforcement personnel, either.   My amendment would prohibit funding for the EPA's armed and  militarized agents who have a history of intimidating Americans by  conducting aggressive raids and begin to address the troubling trend of  militarization of our Federal agencies.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   