 Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, when George Orwell wrote the book ``1984,''  most people took it as a cautionary tale. Some of our friends on the  left took it as an instruction manual. We have literally seen this  administration try to stand up a ministry of truth. We have seen  accurate information about where a lab leak might have come from  labeled as disinformation. We have seen medical experts with lifesaving  information be labeled as spreaders of misinformation, having their  careers ruined and tragically costing the lives of thousands, if not  millions, of people.   Let's talk about Russian information for a moment. The Hunter laptop  was labeled as Russian information. We had the dossier that was paid  for by the DNC labeled as Russian information, and all this has been on  the backs of the taxpayer. The U.S. taxpayer is having to fund not only  the demise of their own country, but having their First Amendment  rights squelched by the government that is meant to serve them.   As if that is not enough, apparently, for our friends on the left,  they want to export that on the backs of the U.S. taxpayer to the  people around the world. This is how this works.   Right now, the State Department is funding a misinformation tracking  group called the Global Disinformation Index, and they have labeled  some news outlets like The American Spectator, Newsmax, The Federalist,  The American Conservative, One America News, The Blaze, The Daily Wire,  RealClearPolitics, the Reason, and the New York Post as potential  spreaders of misinformation.   They created this list and they aggregate this list to potential  sponsors and basically the word is, don't put any advertisement on  these sites because they might be ``spreaders of misinformation.'' This  is a way to strong-arm and try to drain them of any sort of finances,  all sponsored by the U.S. taxpayer.   This is unconscionable. Of course, the understanding shtick is like  if you are a business who maybe sponsors one of these things, we might  lean heavily on you when it comes to government grants or when it comes  to enforcing regulatory burdens and all of these kinds of things. This  is not how things are supposed to work in a free society in a  government of the people, by the people, for the people.   We need to stop this nonsense, and we certainly shouldn't be  exporting it across the world on the backs of the U.S. taxpayer.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I remind my colleague to direct her comments to  the Chair and also remind her that our Constitution understands that  those rights are a gift from God, not a grant from government.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia  (Mr. Clyde), my friend and colleague.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to the time remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   