 Mr. Speaker, the civil service is the lifeblood of our  government and provides taxpayers, small businesses, and vulnerable  populations vital resources and services throughout the country.   As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Government Operations for the past  4 years, I held a series of hearings focused on revitalizing and  rejuvenating the federal workforce.   What we found is that proposals like Chance to Compete should exist  in a constellation of improvements to federal workforce recruitment  that includes better pay, reforming federal internships to improve the  intern to employee pipeline, and remaining competitive with the private  sector in areas such as hybrid work--all of which are the subjects of  legislation produced by the Government Operations Subcommittee last  Congress (FAIR Act, Next Gen Feds Act, and Telework and Metrics Cost  Savings Act).   I am proud to be the lead-cosponsor of the Chance to Compete Act,  which leverages skill assessments to build a more competitive,  equitable, and inclusive workforce.   This bill has bipartisan support and through demonstration projects  at agencies proven empirical success.   In short, this legislation allows an agency that has an open position  to develop a skills-based assessment to evaluate candidates in a way  that goes above and beyond the traditional review of past work and  education experience.   Furthermore, this bill:   Enables agencies to share their assessment findings with other  agencies, streamlining the overall hiring process and ensuring  competitive candidates do not fall between the cracks if they have  already proven their ability to perform.   And deploys talent teams at agencies to ensure the development and  implementation of the goals of this bill.   I thank Representative Virginia Foxx, for her hard work and  leadership on this bill as well as the American Federation of  Government Employees (AFGE), Partnership for Public Service (PPS), the  Senior Executives Association (SEA), Professional Managers Association  (PMA), and others who have endorsed this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Settlement  Agreement Information Database Act, which I'm co-leading with my  colleague from Alabama, Mr. Palmer.   This bipartisan legislation was considered under suspension and  agreed to in the House of Representatives by a voice vote in previous  Congresses.   I am glad to note that the first couple of bills from the Oversight  and Accountability Committee coming to the Floor in the 118th Congress  are bipartisan measures.   That continues the tradition from the 117th Congress, when the first  bill on the Floor from the Oversight Committee was the FedRAMP  Authorization Act (117th), a bipartisan bill I wrote, co-led, and  passed with now-Chairman James Comer.   Federal settlement agreements, negotiated behind closed doors, cannot  continue to be shrouded in secrecy when they directly affect States,  municipalities, and local stakeholders.   The SAID Act bring these binding agreements into the light by  requiring federal agencies to publicly publish their documents or  provide the public with written justification to keep the records  confidential.   Details of the settlement agreements would remain public until 5  years after the termination of the agreements.   Increased transparency and better intergovernmental collaboration  help form the foundation of good government, and this bill is one more  tool to ensure government accountability.   I am a former local government official who served on the Fairfax  County Board of Supervisors for 14 years, including 5 years as  Chairman.   I currently chair the Congressional Caucus on Former Local Elected  Officials, and I have authorized legislation, the Restore the  Partnership Act, which would revive the Advisory Commission on  Intergovernmental Relations.   I am committed to enhancing the intergovernmental partnership, which  often entails requiring the federal government to be more transparent  and proactive in its relationship with local governments.   When it comes to settlement agreements that have the potential of  tying the hands of local governments on everything from stormwater  management to public education the default should be transparency.   I welcome this bipartisan legislation, urge my colleagues to support  it, and ask the Senate to act on this bill.   