 Mr. President, many Americans remember waking up on  Saturday morning to watch their favorite cartoons, including shows like  ``The Jetsons.'' As I look at the Senate pages who are here, I suspect  none of them have any memory of ``The Jetsons.'' For those who are  under 40 in the Chamber or who are watching at home, ``The Jetsons''  was a futuristic cartoon that was set in the year 2062, and it depicted  a family from the future who had fun, imaginative technologies, like  jet packs and holograms and video calls and robot vacuums and  smartwatches and flying cars. While we are still waiting to see those  flying cars in the air, we already have a lot of ``The Jetsons' ''  technology available to us now--in many cases, even better than what  was depicted in the cartoon show.   Today, internet-connected smart devices are commonly used in American  households. Light bulbs, mirrors, air fryers, coffee makers, trash  cans, kitchen faucets, refrigerators, and more are all becoming smart,  and we are able to control them with our phones or voice commands. A  lot of that is really cool. It is expected that, in a few years, nearly  70 percent of American households--more than 80 million households-- will own at least one smart home product. This is, by and large, a good  thing, as smart devices can help us improve our quality of life and  complete daily tasks more easily.   But, with any technological advancement, there can be tradeoffs, and  for smart devices, one of the potential tradeoffs is our privacy. In  Texas, we have become very aware of that cost. In the past few years,  smart thermostats have allowed electric companies to control the  temperature in your own home, from afar, in the name of conserving  energy.   Furthermore, a lot of Americans don't realize or expect that the  growing number of smart household devices and appliances have cameras  on them and microphones that can surreptitiously record families and  transmit data. In other words, when you are buying a new refrigerator,  you don't expect your fridge to record you or listen to you or to spy  on you without your knowledge. And, while some manufacturers have  responsibly taken steps to more clearly label their products and to let  consumers know they contain listening devices or cameras, others have  not.   So I have introduced bipartisan legislation, which I authored  alongside Senator Cantwell of Washington, a Democrat and the chairman  of the Commerce Committee. I am the ranking member of the Commerce  Committee. Our bipartisan legislation would simply ensure that this  information is clearly communicated to consumers so that you are  informed before you buy a product that is going to photograph you or  film you or record you, so that it doesn't happen against your wishes  and without your knowledge.   Now, I expect, in a minute, we are going to hear opposition to my  bill--opposition focused on the proposition that any mandate put on a  private company is somehow a burden. And it is a mandate to require  your refrigerator manufacturer to tell you if your fridge is spying on  you. Now, I am sympathetic to the problem that there are too many  mandates from government and that many of the mandates are unnecessary  and burdensome and costly, but requiring a manufacturer to tell you if  they are spying on you does not fall into that category.   And I have to say, in assessing the minimal burden--the disclosure  burden--against the harm, I fall down on the side of individual  liberty. I fall down on the side of privacy. I don't think the American  people want their air fryer spying on them, and, at a minimum, they  have the right to know if their air fryer is spying on them.   Now, I would note that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  agree. The Presiding Officer today serves on the Commerce Committee.  This legislation passed the Commerce Committee by voice vote, with  bipartisan support from both sides of the aisle. This should be a  simple, easy, pro-privacy step to protect consumers.   For that reason, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be  discharged from further consideration of H.R. 538 and that the Senate  proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that the Cruz-Cantwell  substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table  with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I have listened to the objections of my  friend from Kentucky, and I use that word as many do on this floor,  although he is not listening to my response, but that is his choice.   The first time I ever spoke on the floor was in support of Senator  Paul's filibuster in 2013. Senator Paul is fond of telling his  constituents that he is a libertarian, that he defends privacy. I am  not quite a libertarian. I am a conservative, but I have strong  libertarian leanings. And I want to note the irony that Senator Paul,  who has devoted his entire public career to defending liberty and  defending privacy, just objected to protecting the privacy of over 300  million Americans. He just objected to Americans knowing whether they  are being spied on at home. I have to admit it is truly flabbergasting.   I would like to invite my colleague Senator Paul to join me in front  of a gathering of libertarians, and let's discuss with libertarians  which side of the aisle you want to be on. Do you want to be on the  side of Big Business' surreptitiously tape-recording, photographing,  and videotaping you in your home or in your bedroom without your  knowing about it or is a mild and nominal disclosure requirement simply  saying, ``If you are going to tape-record someone or videotape them in  their house, you have got to tell them,'' a justifiable burden?   I hope that, in time, reason will prevail, because we ought to be  protecting privacy. This is a bill whereby, if we vote on it on the  Senate floor, I am confident the vote would be 99 to 1. I am confident  that every Senator except the Senator who just objected would support  this bill. Protecting people's privacy is a good idea, and I hope the  Senate can get there as a body.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   