 Madam President, I rise to pay tribute to our colleague  Dianne Feinstein, who passed away, as we all know, this morning.   As California's senior Senator and the longest serving woman Senator  ever, Senator Feinstein was a trailblazer. Everyone has made that  point, and it is a true, accurate, and compelling point.   In representing the country's most populous State for over three  decades, she occupied the national stage as well, and for many people  inside and outside this Chamber, she became the archetypal Senator:  prepared, professional, pragmatic, and unfailingly civil. Californians  rewarded her hard work by voting for her by wider and wider margins.   She fought hard for the things she believed in and very often  succeeded, but she never bullied or belittled those who took a contrary  position. Her achievements are many: the enactment of the Federal  assault weapons ban in 1994, the 6-year review of the CIA's Detention  and Interrogation Program, which prompted significant reforms in the  intelligence community. She was the leader in the reauthorization of  the Violence Against Women Act. She delivered for the people of  California, enacting laws to protect public lands and national  treasures and doing the hard work to bring stakeholders together to  resolve thorny issues and complex environmental challenges in her home  State. She led on national environmental issues, including legislation  to improve the fuel economy of automobiles.   I had the privilege and the pleasure to get to know her. We were both  members of the Aspen study group. This is an organization sponsored by  the Aspen Institute of both right and left, thoughtful national  security policy people. I was very honored to be asked, and Dianne was  a long-term member. To listen to her insights, to listen to her  analysis, along with other very thoughtful people, was incredibly  helpful to me, particularly as a more junior Member of the Senate, and,  of course, her hospitality, her friendship, and her decency just was so  apparent there as it was here on the floor in the U.S. Senate.   In fact, as we look back, there is a very simple fact here that  Dianne Feinstein influenced, in some way, every major policy challenge  that this body and this Nation has faced over the last 31 years with  her voice, with her vote, with her counsel, with her wisdom, with her  unfailing commitment to the people of California and the people of the  United States. She literally never gave up. She never stopped.   She is someone that will be remembered, truly, as one of the greatest  U.S. Senators in the history of this country. It was a privilege to  serve with her. On this day, I wish her family and all her loved ones  the comfort of knowing what an extraordinary woman and what an  extraordinary Senator Dianne Feinstein was.   With that, I yield the floor.   