 Mr. Speaker, the Chinese Communist Party is intent on  replacing the United States as the world's preeminent economic,  military, and technological power. They have a sophisticated plan to  challenge American hegemony and leverage every possible avenue to  finance their goals. Defending against these advances is one of the  most significant geopolitical challenges of a generation.   Today, the House, led by Speaker Kevin McCarthy, is voting to  establish a select committee on China to do just that. This select  committee will examine the threats from the Chinese Communist Party  with a fine-tooth comb and expose them for the American people and for  the whole world to fully understand.   In addition, we will develop concrete solutions for how we can better  position the United States to prevail in this competition and ensure  that the 21st century is led by the United States and defined by a  rules-based international order.   The stakes are high, and the CCP's list of offenses against the norms  of international order is long: violating an international treaty and  dismantling Hong Kong's civil liberties; egregious zero-tolerance  COVID-19 restrictions in mainland China that led to mass protests with  brutal crackdowns from CCP authorities; oppressing ethnic minorities;  persecuting Uyghurs and Tibetans; conducting increasingly belligerent  provocations on land and air and in cyberspace; using debt-trap  diplomacy through the Belt and Road Initiative to assert colonial  dominance over lesser developed countries; engaging in economic warfare  through unfair trade practices; the theft of $600 billion of  intellectual property from American businesses each year through the  forced transfer of technology; and threatening through military,  economic, and diplomatic coercion the democracy in Taiwan.   Last year and the year before, the threat from the CCP came into  focus when the CCP silenced doctors and corrupted the World Health  Organization to spread disinformation and cover up substandard  biosecurity at the Wuhan Institute of Virology, leading to a deadly  virus becoming a global pandemic, killing millions, devastating the  global economy, and giving the CCP the opportunity to weaponize the  global supply chain against the West.   Many Americans may not be aware that Beijing's malign activities are  fueled, in part, by unwitting American investors. In 2020, $120 billion  of U.S. foreign direct investment flowed into China from American  businesses and investors.   Mr. Speaker, the United States is the economic envy of the world  because we possess a capitalist free market economy, the deepest, most  competitive liquid capital markets on planet Earth. This empowers  individual investors and businesses to make decisions for themselves,  but we cannot allow Wall Street banks, asset managers, and global  equity index providers to fuel the rise of the CCP military and  surveillance companies hell-bent on targeting Americans. These  companies pose an imminent and growing threat to American national  security and the security of our allies.   That is why I will be reintroducing the Chinese Military and  Surveillance Company Sanctions Act of 2021 in the 118th Congress,  legislation that uses the economic power of the United States through  OFAC to sanction Chinese companies that threaten U.S. national  security.   I commend Speaker McCarthy for following through on his promise to  [[Page H126]]  create the select committee and for naming Congressman   Mike Gallagher  chairman of the committee. He has been a fighter on the front lines and  will do a great job leading this committee.   I will close with this. Every President from Harry Truman to George  H.W. Bush understood the need to confront the threat from the Soviet  Union and defend the United States and our principles against  communism. Because of that bipartisan commitment and because of the  strength and vitality of the American system, our Nation was victorious  in the Cold War. We must come together again as Republicans and  Democrats to confront this new threat.   