 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, summer has arrived, which means Congress  is turning its attention to appropriations bills for the coming year,  and my hope is that this year Congress will consider all 12  appropriations bills under regular order.   Now, what do I mean by regular order? Regular order refers to  allowing bills to go through the committee process--including hearings  and a markup, where members of the committee have a chance to amend and  improve the bill--and then a referral by the committee to the Senate as  a whole.   Bills are then considered on the Senate floor. Some bills pass the  Senate by unanimous consent, while others undergo a full debate,  including amendment votes, before being voted on by the Senate as a  whole.   Then, if necessary, the bill goes to a conference committee or is  passed back and forth between the House and the Senate to reconcile any  differences between the House and Senate bills before the amended  versions are then put to the full House and Senate.   That is what is considered the ``regular order'' process, and it is  generally the best way to make laws. Regular order allows for a truly  deliberative process. It provides the time to fully consider all  aspects of legislation and to hear input from a broad array of Members.  It promotes collaboration, compromise, and a sense of ownership of the  final legislation, which makes bills more likely to pass. And, it is a  transparent process, one that ensures that both Senators and the  American people can see how the legislation in question is made and  have ample time to digest it--not to mention the key fact that, by  ensuring the input of more Senators, regular order helps ensure that a  broader swath of the American people is represented in any final  legislation.   Regular order is something that I think most Members generally aspire  to. But the actual use of regular order has all too frequently been in  short supply around here in recent years.   Too often, major legislation has been written behind closed doors and  dropped on Members at the last minute--bypassing the chairmen, ranking  members, and Senators who sit on the committees of jurisdiction and  would otherwise have the opportunity to consider and amend the  legislation in committee, before being brought up for a floor vote with  little or no opportunity to offer amendments.   Fifty years ago, most bills were going through regular order. In  fact, 83 percent of the legislation considered on the Senate floor  during the 1970s was a product of the committee process. But by the  2010s, those numbers had dropped sharply, along with the number of  Senate floor votes on amendments.  [[Page S2334]]    But, of course, even while the use of regular order has decreased,  some legislation does still go through the regular order process. And I  can personally attest to the fact that the use of regular order can  bring major bipartisan successes.   During my time as chairman of the Commerce Committee, I focused on  promoting collaboration and ensuring that bills in our committee's  jurisdiction went through the regular order process, and we  accomplished a lot: the first reauthorization of the Federal  Communications Commission in more than a quarter century, the first  reauthorization of the Surface Transportation Board in its 20-year  history, multiple bills to advance the development and adoption of 5G,  the longest surface transportation reauthorization since 1998, the  longest reauthorization of the FAA since 1982, the first law to hold  websites accountable for facilitating sex trafficking, and lots more.  The vast majority of the bills that I just named ended up passing the  Senate by strong bipartisan margins. And, of course, those are just  examples of what was then our committee's jurisdiction.   There are plenty of others. For example, Democrats are more often  associated with imposing burdensome government regulations than with  lifting them. But Senator Crapo's 2018 bill easing the regulatory  burden for community banks and credit unions went through the regular  order process, and, ultimately, 17 Senate Democrats joined Republicans  to support the bill.   In 2015, the HELP Committee passed one of the largest rewrites of our  Nation's K-12 laws, the Every Student Succeeds Act, which returned more  power to States when it comes to how kids are educated, by holding  numerous hearings and multiple days of markups and considering dozens  of amendments. In the end, that law passed with 85 votes in the U.S.  Senate.   The 2018 farm bill, which reauthorized important safety net programs  for farmers and ranchers, passed the Senate with 87 votes, following  robust consideration by the Agriculture Committee, amendment votes on  the Senate floor, and a conference committee.   And the list goes on. Regular order promotes collaborative,  bipartisan, and successful results. As I indicated, regular order has  been in somewhat short supply in the Senate in recent years. But I am  encouraged by the fact that there seems to be a growing desire to  return to regular order and that the Democrat chair and Republican vice  chair of the Senate Appropriations Committee have expressed a shared  commitment to considering all 12 appropriations bills this year through  the regular order process.   But there are concerning signs too. The Senate Health, Education,  Labor, and Pensions Committee recently held its first partisan markup  since the Affordable Care Act in 2009. That defeats the whole idea of a  committee process that can yield a bipartisan result on the Senate  floor, and it suggests the Democrats are still too entrenched in the  partisan far-left mindset that saw them force legislation like the so- called American Rescue Plan Act through Congress. That was the bill  that helped plunge our Nation into its current inflation crisis.   And perhaps even more concerning, recently, the majority leader, when  referring to his plans on artificial intelligence, actually claimed  that Congress will need ``to invent a new process to develop the right  policies to implement our framework'' because the committee process  ``won't suffice.''   I wonder how his committee chairs feel about that, and I would  venture to suggest that the committee process has worked pretty well to  develop all sorts of important legislation and to get buy-in from  Senators.   As we continue with the appropriations process, I hope that the  determination expressed by the Democrat chair of the Senate  Appropriations Committee to pass all 12 appropriations bills through  regular order will prevail, and I hope that this same attitude will be  applied to other legislation that the Senate must consider this year-- like the National Defense Authorization Act, the Federal Aviation  Administration reauthorization, the farm bill, and more.   If we want to get anything done in divided government, we are going  to have to compromise, and the regular order process promotes the kind  of bipartisan, collaborative action that will allow us to accomplish  real things for the American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   