 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment  to require the Secretary of Energy to disclose certain stakeholder  meetings with any entity that has: one, ties to the People's Republic  of China or the Chinese Communist Party; two, has produced studies  regarding or has advocated for policies to limit, restrict, or ban the  use of any type of energy; and, three, has applied for or received  Federal funds.   We have recently seen concerning examples of anti-energy, China- connected entities receiving not just elevated access to the White  House and Federal agencies but granting of funds, as well. Literally,  we have been using U.S. taxpayer dollars to help fund them.   I introduced this amendment because the Biden administration has not  been transparent about who it has been meeting with, and frankly, I  believe this administration has not been honest with the American  people about its desire to ban gas stoves.   In February of this year, it was widely reported that a government  watchdog group obtained information through the Freedom of Information  Act revealing a private meeting between the Secretary of Energy and a  group that would be covered by this amendment. In particular, this  group has been on the forefront of the effort to ban gas stoves.   Unsurprisingly, when I sent a letter to Secretary Granholm in  February, inquiring whether she was aware of this group's ties to China  and the extent of their influence on the Department, I received a  letter back that was completely ignoring my questions and concerns.   I have to give you a little bit of perspective, Mr. Chairman. My  family has been involved in construction for over three generations,  and I fully understand the needs that people have at various levels in  their homes and their businesses.   I mean, we are talking about gas stoves today. Don't get me wrong.  There is nothing inherently wrong with electric stoves. That oftentimes  fits very nicely--same thing with electric base heat or water heaters,  et cetera.   There are certain regions of the country, like in Michigan and the  upper Midwest, where we are very dependent on propane and natural gas.  [[Page H2863]]  We don't have the electric grid to support an expansion of that.   I know the other side will say that nobody is going to pull your  stove out of your house--yet. Nobody is doing anything other than just  stoves--yet.   We know that places like California, New York, and even in Michigan,  the city of Ann Arbor, have gone in and literally banned the addition  of and use of gas stoves. They are looking to expand that. They have  talked about that.   The real rub here, Mr. Chairman, is that we have a major problem with  questionable groups with established connections to China. They have  those established connections, but we are not sure what their  unanswered intentions might be.   They are succeeding in influencing policy to limit affordable  appliance options for Americans. When President Biden or Senate  Majority Leader Schumer are telling the American people that no one is  going after their stoves, they may be technically correct today, Mr.  Chairman. In the broader picture, we know that that may be coming.   I have to say that it is one thing for elected officials to be going  after a particular appliance or source of energy, but we have a real  problem when Washington bureaucrats, unelected bureaucrats, aren't  being honest about their end goal, and they are the ones making the  rules and regulations.   A ban on gas stoves is going to cost the taxpayers. It is going to  cost hardworking, honest Americans more when they are already in an  inflationary heightened situation.   That is why I wanted to bring this amendment. I appreciate the  author's acceptance of this and understanding of where we are trying to  go with this.   At the end of the day, Mr. Chairman, my amendment is simply to bring  an added dose of transparency, expose connections to the CCP, which I  truly, honestly believe that both sides of the aisle have concerns  about the tentacles of the CCP and the Chinese Government and the  influence that it has gained here in the United States.   That is why, on the Financial Services Committee that I serve on, we  have done CFIUS reviews, which is making sure that it is property and  technology and other things that we are protecting from our adversaries  like China.   Why would we hand over the keys to this particular kingdom? I don't  understand.   We need to let the American people know who is truly influencing our  government and that exposure is there.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.   