 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise at the urging of Republicans in the  Florida delegation who are overwhelmingly supportive of the underlying  legislation but who seek to make it a little better by ensconcing some  of the policy articulations of the Trump administration regarding where  drilling can and cannot occur offshore into the body of the bill.   There is no denying that since President Trump left office, Joe Biden  has overseen a collapse of U.S. energy dominance. This legislation is a  great first step to fulfill the Republican commitment to attack  inflation and rising gas prices, and that begins by stopping playing  politics with the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.   On September 8, 2020, President Trump issued a memo indicating that  there would be certain areas off the shore of Florida, Georgia, and  South Carolina that would not be available for drilling leases.  Offshore drilling is broadly opposed in coastal communities in these  areas by local governments, many of which had submitted to President  Trump previously, and to congressional offices, resolutions indicating  their opposition to offshore oil drilling. They largely cite two  reasons: environmental policy and the impact on property values in  coastal communities. I will speak to the impact of offshore oil  drilling on the military mission in these areas.   In the Gulf of Mexico test range, in the 10 years preceding my time  in Congress, there were about 60 test sorties that the Air Force would  run off the coast of Florida. Already scheduled for 2024, there will be  over 240 of those test sorties, and that does not include the  tremendous amount of testing that also occurs as a consequence of  actions from the U.S. Navy, the United States Marine Corps, and other  private-sector partners.   Moreover, just 6 years ago, off the coast of Florida, one could only  take a 100-mile shot in air-to-air training, research, development,  test, and evaluation. Due to the investment we have been able to make  in the Gulf test range in telemetry systems and radar systems, we can  now take a 425-mile shot. That is important because we need the  capability to test component parts of hypersonic weapons systems and  supersonic weapons systems so that America always holds the high  ground.   There is no other place in the world where we do this testing. There  is exquisite connectivity between offshore test ranges and onshore land  ranges where we are able to launch missiles and munitions over the sea  and land them on land. There is nowhere else in the world we have the  opportunity to do that.   It is odd that I have to continue to say this on the floor of the  House, but it is a terrible idea to launch experimental missiles over  oil rigs and the various ships that traverse back and forth to shore  for the personnel and for the maintenance that is required to maintain  those rigs.   There are a lot of great places where we can unlock the potential of  our country to ensure that we have a sufficient Strategic Petroleum  Reserve, which is the essence of the bill. This amendment gives my  colleagues in Florida great comfort that none of the treatment of  existing moratoriums would in any way harm coastal Florida, coastal  Georgia, or coastal South Carolina.   Mr. Chair, I urge the adoption of the amendment, and I yield to the  gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Is the gentleman concerned about the impact of some of  those wind farms on migratory bird populations?   