 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to point out to my colleagues some context and  facts that are totally missing from this debate.   Exports of oil from the SPR regardless of destination were not a  problem before 2015. Many of us were here, and we remember exactly why  that 40-year policy of the United States, a ban on crude oil exports,  changed. It changed because that year a Republican-controlled Congress  insisted on lifting the export ban.   The Republicans in charge at that time refused to consider an  amendment that was offered by our friend and former colleague,  Representative Gene Green. That amendment would have required exporters  to have a permit finding that their export of crude oil was consistent  with the national interest. Republicans did not create any restrictions  on the destination of oil exported from our strategic reserves or any  other source.   If Republicans had not lifted that export ban, we would not have this  problem. If Republicans hadn't blocked Representative Green's amendment  from even being considered on the floor of the House, we would not have  this problem.   Instead, we are left with a Republican messaging bill which purports  to address a small part of the problem while ignoring the much bigger  problem that they created back in 2015.   If my friends across the aisle were truly concerned with U.S. oil  exports going to China, then they would put a more serious measure  forward. At the very least, they would block not just some small amount  of petroleum from the SPR, but the sale of all crude oil exports to  China which includes much larger volumes outside of the SPR.   In the international market, we don't know where crude oil ends up  once it hits the global marketplace. That is the way it works. Sales to  entities with connections to China may not go to China. Sales to  entities with no connection to China may go straight to China. That is  just how it works.   The fact is the only way we can be sure that U.S. crude doesn't end  up in the hands of foreign entities of concern is to reinstate that  crude oil export ban.   I agree with my friends across the aisle. We shouldn't be exporting  our strategic oil reserves to China. I just wish they hadn't gotten us  into this mess in the first place, and I wish they would put forth a  more serious bill now.   