 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Cherfilus-McCormick  for her leadership and for bringing together the CBC this evening to  once again discuss racism in America.   How long are we going to have to have this conversation? It seems  like day after day, month after month, year after year, since 1619, we  have had to have this conversation in some context.   The Supreme Court's decision, unfortunately, is not surprising  because three of our Court Justices were chosen by one of the most, if  not the most, racist Presidents in American history, former President  Donald Trump. He chose three of the Supreme Court Justices. His slogan  is to Make America Great Again, take America back to a time when  African Americans did not have the rights that we have fought for and  died for throughout American history.   Here we go again. This Supreme Court has now become a Supreme Court  that legislates as opposed to a Supreme Court that simply implements  the pillars of our Constitution, the same Supreme Court that rolled  back Roe v. Wade not too long ago, that is now making it easier to  carry concealed weapons in Democrat-led States with strong gun laws  like New York, the same Supreme Court that says it is okay to turn away  LGBTQ customers if you do not want to do work for that particular  demographic.   This Supreme Court has gone rogue, and this Supreme Court has lost  its legitimacy. Look at the reports: members of the Supreme Court  receiving gifts from billionaire donors over the course of their  careers, members of the Supreme Court allowing billionaire conservative  donors to pay for their children's tuition as they attend private  schools.   This is unacceptable. This is unethical. There are members of the  Supreme Court who should immediately resign or be impeached because of  taking these gifts from conservative billionaire donors.   These recent decisions rolling back Roe v. Wade and definitely the  one as it relates to affirmative action are in alignment with MAGA  Republicans and extreme conservative Republicans in our country. Notice  the hypocrisy. Notice the disgusting decision to use the 14th  Amendment, which was designed to protect the civil rights and  citizenship of newly freed slaves. They use that argument to now take  away rights from African Americans as it refers to entry into our most  prestigious institutions.   This decision is going to prohibit millions of African Americans  across this country who are brilliant from receiving the same access  and opportunity as their White peers.   I think all of that is captured in this chart behind me when we look  at the issue of wealth inequality in America. Look at this chart and  the median family wealth gap. The average White family median wealth is  $171,000. Compare that to the average Black family. The median in an  average Black family is $17,409. The average Hispanic family is  $20,920.   It is the consistent attack on Black and Latino communities that  contributes to this wealth gap. It is not just the affirmative action  decision in terms of the higher education institutions of America. It  is also as it relates to employment opportunities, to career  opportunities, to private investment in Black and Latino businesses, to  the Federal budget, and where our money is allocated toward right here  in this body, the United States House of Representatives.   It goes back to the issue of globalization and blue-collar jobs  leaving Black and Brown communities as part of a race to the bottom for  profit based on low-cost labor in other countries. When those factory  jobs left our country and left Black and Latino communities, nothing  replaced those jobs. As a matter of fact, I have misspoken. Something  did replace those jobs: heroin, the numbers game, and crack cocaine  replaced those jobs. Do you know what else replaced those jobs? Law  enforcement.   You take away access and opportunity from a jobs perspective, from an  economic perspective, from a higher education perspective--also, by the  way, because of our support of redlining Black communities, the White  middle class in the 1930s and 1940s was able to buy homes at very low  interest rates, very low cost, move to the suburbs, out of public  housing, and build their wealth. Do you know who was forced to stay in  public housing? African Americans and Latinos. Those communities were  considered devalued, less valuable because of the race of the people  who lived there.    This is historic. This is not just the enslavement of Africans, not  just Jim  [[Page H3202]]  Crow, not just the Black laws, not just the Homestead Act. This is  redlining, the Iran-Contra scandal, and drugs in our community. Now, in  2023, we continue to have these conversations because of the Supreme  Court's recent decision.   I am also here to say that to us in the Congressional Black Caucus  and to African Americans across this country, these setbacks are only  that. They are only setbacks. Each setback makes us stronger, makes us  more powerful, makes us more united, and gives us a deeper sense of  commitment and self-determination as we work to reclaim our Black  sovereignty not just here in America but throughout the African  diaspora, in the Caribbean, on the African Continent, and in Central  and South America.   We don't die; we multiply. We will continue to multiply exponentially  as we weather this storm, grow our enrollment in historically Black  colleges--a shout-out to HBCUs for doing the great work that they do so  that is going to grow.   We also are going to let our voices be heard as we vote with our feet  and go to the polls next year because we have to bring transformational  change to the United States of America. We have to build a nation that  works for everybody, and right now, we do not have that nation.   I will close with this: The Supreme Court has not only revealed its  illegitimacy through receiving gifts from billionaire conservative  donors. We have to look at complete Supreme Court reform as it relates  to ethics reform and ending lifetime appointments.   We also need to look at the size of the Supreme Court. It is time to  expand the Court beyond the nine members. This nine-member Supreme  Court has been in place since 1869. America was 30 million people in  1869. It is now 330 million people, over 10 times the size.   There are 7,000 cases presented to the Supreme Court every single  year. They hear only 80 of them. They do not have the capacity to  respond to the complexity, diversity, and nuance that is American  society today.   It is time for democracy reform, and it begins with the Supreme  Court. It also begins with the electoral college. It also begins with  ending the filibuster. We change all that by voting the right people  into office and getting the wrong ones out of office.   Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman  from North Carolina (Mrs. Foushee).   