 Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend, the former chair  and now the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, for his  leadership and friendship. I also thank my dear friend from Missouri,  Congresswoman Wagner, who has served America in many roles. I thank her  for her leadership on today's legislation, a bipartisan piece of  legislation that is very timely and important.    This legislation provides an update to the Taiwan Assurance Act,  which I was proud to support in 2020 to underscore the importance of  U.S. support for Taiwan.   The key piece of legislation Congress initiated back in 1979 is, as  Chairman Meeks indicated, the Taiwan Relations Act. It was passed when  I was a young staffer in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and it  originated out of that committee.   It was designed by Congress to help create unique architecture in the  bilateral relationship between the United States and Taiwan. It  followed immediately after normalization of relations with the People's  Republic of China, and it was designed by Congress to make sure that no  military solution would be available in the question of the status of  Taiwan.   The Taiwan Relations Act was designed to put forth parameters and a  roadmap to govern our bilateral relationship. Central to that roadmap  is Taiwan's ability to defend itself with support from the United  States. That is a promise we made then, and it is a promise we must  keep today.   As an increasingly aggressive China threatens its neighbors  throughout the South China Sea, as if it were its own private pond, and  as it encroaches on territorial waters and airspace and asserts  ludicrous claims that the South China Sea is its Chinese pond, this is  the time for the United States and this Congress to reassert our  support, our unequivocal support, for the right of the Taiwanese people  to decide for themselves how they will manage their affairs and their  relationship with Beijing.   As president of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly for the last 2 years,  I was proud to partner with my colleagues in this body and on both  sides of the aisle to put China on the NATO agenda for the first time  in its 70-year history, believe it or not.   This is a crucial moment for the U.S.-Taiwan relationship. It  requires a sober and comprehensive understanding of the challenge China  can pose to the United States and its security and prosperity, as well  as that of the people of Taiwan.   In this moment, our support for Taiwan, its people, and its  democratic structure is paramount in the face of Chinese aggression. I  urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   Again, I thank my colleague from Missouri and the distinguished  former chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee for their leadership.   