 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the National Nuclear Security  Administration's Pantex plant in Amarillo, Texas, is one of our  Nation's most valuable and vital military assets as it is our strategic  force's only nuclear weapons assembly and disassembly facility.   The saying within the military's nuclear enterprise is ``all roads  lead to Pantex'' because this site in my district is a mandatory stop  for every single nuclear weapon within our inventory.   This amendment will prohibit the Biden administration from halting  construction of the much-needed High Explosive Synthesis, Formulation,  and Production Facility at Pantex.   This major construction project will enhance our nuclear deterrence  capability by allowing the NNSA to modernize and scale its high  explosive production capabilities to meet pressing and urgent stockpile  requirements.   Right now, we rely on a single, external vendor for large-scale  synthesis, formulation, and blending for high explosive products. There  have been repeated issues with this vendor, including lack of  prioritization and even late deliveries. This presents a single point  of failure in the nuclear enterprise which jeopardizes our nuclear  weapons production.   Once this new facility is constructed at Pantex, NNSA will be able to  meet all long-term high explosive material needs for the weapons  stockpile while successfully mitigating nearly all risks associated  with production.   Given the threat environment we face in the world today, many people  might assume that the Federal Government has made adequate investments  in Pantex and modernized appropriately. Those assumptions would be dead  wrong. Many of the facilities at the Pantex plant were built in the  1940s and the 1950s.   Today, in 2023, you are required to wear a hardhat when entering some  of the buildings because the ceiling is  [[Page H5131]]  crumbling down on top of the workers that work there.   Since I have been in Congress, I have ensured that adequate funding  has been provided each year to maintain the facility's modernization  efforts.   While I have disagreed with the Biden administration nearly every  step of the way on just about every issue, one of the only things they  seemed to be doing right was prioritizing modernization of our Nation's  nuclear enterprise.   Just when I thought this administration grasped how critical it is to  ensure the viability of our Nation's nuclear deterrent, I opened the  budget request for this year only to see that they had completely  zeroed out this project.   Now, this administration wants to let our nuclear forces erode while  they continue to pump billions of dollars into woke, green, and social  initiatives.   This cut was rejected by both the House and Senate Armed Services  Committees, as well as by House appropriators, because we can all see  what President Biden apparently cannot.   The United States must be the unquestioned leader in the ability to  project peace through strength.   The House has successfully authorized and will soon appropriate the  funds for Pantex because we all understand how critical it is to  modernize the facilities where our nuclear weapons are made. We must  take our Nation's nuclear enterprise out of the crosshairs of the Biden  administration.   The world is a dangerous place at the moment with global threats from  China, Iran, Russia, and North Korea. We must provide adequate  investment in our nuclear deterrence capability to ensure these bad  actors never doubt our strategic readiness, and the Pantex plant in  Amarillo is a key component of that.   I urge all Members to support my amendment to prohibit the  administration from halting construction on this critical modernization  initiative.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I appreciate having the support of  all my colleagues on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   