 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join my friend, Representative  Dale Strong, and many of my Republican colleagues today in full support  of the HALT Fentanyl Act.   Last year, the Drug Enforcement Administration seized 379 million  deadly doses of fentanyl. This week 30,000 fentanyl pills, enough to  kill 1.8 million people, were recovered in Utah during a routine  traffic stop.   This deadly drug is pouring across our southern border and wreaking  havoc in communities across the country.   Fentanyl is now the number one cause of death for young people aged  18 to 45 and poses more danger to young Americans than COVID, car  accidents, and suicide combined.   The Biden administration and open-border Democrats have for 2 years  ignored the border security crisis and the surge in drug trafficking.  America's misery has become the Democrats' political strategy.   The HALT Fentanyl Act delivers on one of the House Republicans'  pledges under our Commitment to America, a Nation that is safe.   The HALT Fentanyl Act will permanently classify fentanyl-related  substances into schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act and close  the criminal code loophole to apply the current minimum sentencing for  illicit drugs to fentanyl.   It also empowers law enforcement with the tools needed to keep these  dangerous drugs off our streets.   It will support research efforts to understand the effects of  fentanyl-related substances on the health of Americans.   The House GOP recently passed Secure the Border Act--the strongest  border security legislative package in America's history--to address  the border security crisis, increase Border Patrol agents, and to end  the flow of deadly fentanyl.   These two landmark pieces of legislation will finally tackle the  ever-worsening catastrophe at the border, save American lives from  deadly drugs, and support our law enforcement officers who risk their  lives to protect and serve our communities.   I urge the Biden administration and my colleagues across the aisle to  support these commonsense, innovative solutions to our Nation's most  pressing challenges.   