 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, just last week, a Federal judge ruled  that the First Amendment prohibits the Biden administration from  colluding with Big Tech to censor Americans' speech. So the court  ordered Biden administration officials and Agencies not to coordinate  with Big Tech platforms in order to suppress American speakers and  Americans' viewpoints that they disagree with.   This seems obvious. The First Amendment would mean little if  government simply used Big Tech to get around it. Who disagrees with  this basic principle that government-directed censorship is un-American  and unconstitutional? Well, I can tell you who disagrees with that. The  Biden administration disagrees with it. The Justice Department, almost  immediately, asked the court of appeals to stay this ruling to allow it  to continue to censor Americans while it appeals.   In recent years, increasing evidence has emerged regarding a  disturbing alliance in which Big Government and Big Tech work together  to censor speech that they don't want Americans to see nor to hear.  Published emails among Twitter executives reveal the extent to which  the company worked to prevent Americans from seeing a New York Post  news story just weeks before the 2020 election. The extent of the  suppression was breathtaking. Indeed, the Twitter executives locked the  Twitter account of the White House Press Secretary simply for  mentioning this New York Post story.   Facebook admits that it, likewise, limited the spread of the story  based on a general warning from the FBI about it being propaganda. This  is even though the FBI had verified the authenticity of the laptop in  question.   This censorship activity has carried over into the Biden  administration. In 2021, then-Press Secretary Jen Psaki stated that the  government is ``in regular touch with social media platforms'' and  ``flagging'' problematic posts for Facebook that spread what she called  ``disinformation.''   Meta, the parent company of Facebook and Instagram, disclosed that it  had communicated with more than 30 Federal officials about content  moderation on its platform, including senior employees at the FDA, the  U.S. Election Assistance Commission, and, of course, the White House.  YouTube, which is owned by Google, disclosed that it had such  communications with 11 Federal officials.   The disturbing truth is that when Biden administration officials  don't like what Americans are saying, they simply reach out to their  allies at Big Tech to silence it. Government using its power to coerce  censorship of disfavored information is what the Chinese Communist  Party or the North Korean regime would do. It is not only fundamentally  un-American; most often, it is unconstitutional.   The other day, a Federal court confirmed that the government cannot  use Big Tech as a tool to end-run the First Amendment. The judge wrote  that the case ``arguably involves the most massive attack against free  speech in United States' history.''   Americans deserve to know when their government and Big Tech  platforms are trying to manipulate what they can say or what they can  read. I introduced legislation last Congress and again this past May to  require this transparency. The Disclose Government Censorship Act would  require that government officials publicly disclose communications with  Big Tech regarding actions to restrict speech. The act contains  appropriate exceptions to protect legitimate law enforcement or  national security activity.   Our Nation was founded on the idea that protecting citizens' speech  from government censorship under the First Amendment would protect the  people's right to govern themselves by preventing government from  controlling information and ideas. Americans deserve to know when their  government is covertly trying to accomplish what the First Amendment  prohibits.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs be  discharged from further consideration of S. 1672 and the Senate proceed  to its immediate consideration. I further ask that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I appreciate the sentiments my Democratic  colleague expressed, and I very much appreciate his work and his  concerns with respect to Big Tech. I share those concerns.   And I share some optimism today that we will find common ground to  work together. The legislation I have put forward simply allows  Americans to see when the government is trying to censor them. My  colleague suggests that this is because of concern over protections for  law enforcement and national security work.   I would like to say this. My legislation contains appropriate  exceptions to protect legitimate law enforcement or national security  activity and preserve the confidentiality of those communications. But  in assuming that the details of those protections are my colleague's  only concern, I am happy to work with my colleague to address those  concerns and ensure that the core of this legislation, which requires  disclosure of government censorship efforts, is quickly enacted.   I hope that Senator Peters and I can work together and do this  because it is too significant to ignore. Our government, at the end of  the day, works for the American people, and to ensure that this  continues, the First Amendment prohibits the government from  controlling what Americans can say or read. But now government is using  Big Tech to accomplish such censorship, and without disclosure of such  communications, Americans' free speech rights become a dead letter  because there is no way to address improper government efforts to ban  speech.   My legislation would preserve these rights by allowing Americans to  see when government is trying to silence them. It is a basic element of  self-government. I look forward to working with Senator Peters and his  committee to try to make this something that can be acceptable to all.   