 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S.J. Res. 11,  which nullifies the Biden administration's heavy-duty vehicle emissions  rule.   I am proud to have led this effort in the House, and I commend my  colleagues in the Senate for swiftly passing this important  legislation.   The joint resolution before us today would overturn the EPA's  aggressive heavy-duty vehicle emissions final rule, which provides 80  percent more stringent regulations than current standards and unfairly  targets our trucking industry. By imposing these new emissions  reduction requirements for vehicle models that are made in 2027 and  beyond, it will significantly increase the cost of heavy-duty vehicles.   Whether you own an F-250 or a semitruck, this new regulation will  directly affect you. According to the EPA, it is projected to cost  between $2,500 and $8,300 per vehicle to adhere to this new final rule.  Other estimates, such as the one from the American Truck Dealers  Association, stated it is closer to $42,000 per truck.   Mr. Speaker, let me be crystal clear today. Woke bureaucrats in  Washington are on a climate justice crusade, using the heavy hand of  government to go after the trucking industry that keeps America moving.   In the last three decades, we have made significant strides in the  right direction to decrease emissions and increase efficiency. Today's  new trucks have reduced nitrogen oxide emissions by more than 98  percent since the 1990s.   The EPA's final rule is also ineffective, given that it incentivizes  older and higher emitting trucks to operate longer due to the expensive  technology required for compliant vehicles.   This is unacceptable and yet another blatant example of burdensome  government regulation.   Simply put, the EPA has failed to address legitimate concerns for the  [[Page H2525]]  trucking industry. However, the EPA unilaterally imposes this  detrimental rule, which could lead to a litany of further supply chain  disruptions across the country, hit the smaller mom-and-pop trucking  companies the hardest, and pass along increased costs to the American  consumer.   Amidst record-high inflation and supply chain challenges, more  expensive freight costs and fewer truckers on the road will only  further perpetuate this problem. This is exactly why it is imperative  that the House pass this joint resolution to nullify this burdensome  regulation.   I thank OOIDA, Senator Fischer, and the trucking industry for being  front and center on this issue. I proudly support our truckers, our  small businesses, and progrowth policies to keep our economy strong.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  joint resolution.   