 Mr. President, last week, the Senate offered a resolution  that I was proud to offer, ``Honoring the Distinguished Service of  Captain Samuel Farmer of the United States Marine Corps and the Marines  and Sailors of 1st Platoon, Company G, 2nd Battalion, 1st Marine  Regiment,'' and I would like, if I might, to say a word or two about  that resolution here this afternoon.   Why the resolution and who exactly are the marines and sailors of 1st  Platoon? Well, I will tell you who they are. They were the individuals  stationed at Abbey Gate on that fateful day in August of 2021 when the  United States was in the midst of a major evacuation operation, and a  terrorist from the Islamic State came to Abbey Gate in Kabul,  Afghanistan, and detonated a suicide vest that killed 13 soldiers and  hundreds of civilians, including 9 members of this platoon. Nine of the  thirteen who were killed were from 1st Platoon, Company G, 2nd  Battalion, 1st Marine Regiment.   Who is Sam Farmer? Well, he was their commander. Sam is from the  great State of Missouri. He is a graduate of Northwest Missouri State  University. Upon his graduation, he was commissioned into the Marine  Corps and became an infantry officer. Upon completing his training, he  took command of a rifle platoon there in Company G, known as Ghost  Company. His platoon was Ghost 1.   Then, in August of 2021, Sam and his platoon found themselves in  Kabul, Afghanistan. Sam's platoon was charged with security there at  Abbey Gate, and there are--I think even now, 2 years removed from the  disaster there, we don't fully appreciate the heroism of all of the  soldiers, sailors, marines, and others who were there that day but  particularly, if I might, of this platoon, of the men Sam commanded.   Something that most people don't know is that Sam's platoon went for  almost 2 days without food and water. Now, why was that? Is it because  there wasn't any available for them? No, that is not it. It is because  this platoon, in the midst of this evacuation, this incredibly tense  scene, gave up their own food and water for 2 days to the Afghan women  and children who were waiting in the crowds, hoping to be evacuated.  That is the kind of men who were standing there on guard that day. That  is the kind of man Sam Farmer is.   Of those 9 servicemembers killed--8 marines, 1 Navy corpsman--another  Missourian was among their ranks, someone whom I have had occasion to  talk about on this floor several times before--LCpl Jared Schmitz, also  from Missouri.   Nine were killed from that platoon. Many others were wounded, and  that includes Sam Farmer himself, the platoon commander. But even with  his wounds, even in the midst of this disaster as it unfolded, Sam  continued to serve, his fellow platoon members continued to serve and  to complete their mission.   I just want to make sure that we honor them for what they did, that  we honor them for securing the airport and facilitating the evacuation  of American citizens, permanent residents, Embassy workers, and special  immigrant visa holders. Whatever you think of our withdrawal from  Afghanistan, we should be able to honor the men and women who served so  bravely, including Sam Farmer and the members of his platoon.   You know, I have had the privilege to get to know Sam just a little  bit. He grew up not too far from where I did in central Missouri. His  parents, Chris and Anne, are schoolteachers at Fort Osage School  District, which is in the Buckner area, for those who know Missouri,  just to the west of my hometown of Lexington, MO. Sam has a younger  brother, Jack.   If you meet Sam, what you will find is that he is self-effacing,  doesn't like to talk about his own achievements, doesn't like really to  talk about himself at all. What he likes to talk about is his service  and the men and women he served with. What he likes to talk about is  his honor in being a U.S. marine.   To be honest with you, I don't know that he would particularly like  me saying too much about him on the floor today, but I thought it was  important to honor him because Sam, just last month, completed his  service with the U.S. Marine Corps. On the occasion of his separation,  I offered this resolution, which details his service and the service of  the members of his platoon.   You know, I have to say I think about those who have served whom I  know, and I think about particularly my own uncle, Gene Hammer, who  served in the 101st Airborne Division in Vietnam. I observed over the  years that my Uncle Gene--he served before I was born, but, you know,  he served, he came home. He won a number of medals, but when he came  home, he put those medals away in a drawer and never talked about it  ever after. He didn't want to talk about it. He didn't want to talk  about himself, didn't want to talk about what he did, didn't want to  talk about those medals, didn't want to talk about any of it. I can  certainly understand, and I certainly respect that.    But I will just say that whether Sam feels that way or not, I bet one  of these days, Sam's children are going to want to know what he did for  his country, and I bet his family is going to want to honor his service  to his country. Frankly, his family and his future children deserve to  know what he and the members of his platoon did for this country.  [[Page S5497]]    So I hope this resolution that the Senate has passed and adopted  honoring Sam and his platoon--I hope that maybe one day, he will be  able to show that to his kids and say ``Well, here, you can read about  what we did all those years ago'' and that his parents, Chris and Anne,  will be able to hang that up and say ``This is what my son did for our  country, proudly serving, this young man from Missouri who represents,  frankly, the best of who we are and who we can be.''   So it is a privilege to get to honor Sam, to congratulate him on his  service to our country, to the Marine Corps, to congratulate him on his  service, his leadership of that platoon not just on that fateful day  but for all of the days he was commander, and the leadership, the  courage, and the bravery he has shown ever since.   I will just end with this. Let's take the opportunity to honor the  sacrifice of those marines and sailors. They truly embody the motto  ``Semper Fidelis,'' always faithful.   I yield the floor.   