 Mr. President, tomorrow morning, the Health, Education,  Labor, and Pensions Committee will be marking up three landmark pieces  of legislation which will make it easier for workers to form unions, it  will guarantee up to 7 paid sick days for every worker in America, and  it will make sure that women in our country finally receive equal pay  for equal work.   If these bills are signed into law, they would represent the most  significant set of labor reforms in the modern history of our country  and significantly improve the lives of many millions of American  workers.   We are living in a moment where corporate America and the 1 percent  have more economic and political power than they have ever had in the  history of our country. The time is long overdue for Congress to stand  up for the working families of our Nation--60 percent of whom live  paycheck to paycheck--and not just wealthy campaign contributors and  lobbyists.   Let us be clear. The American people are sick and tired of the  unprecedented level of corporate greed they see every single day, and  they are tired of the outrageous and illegal union-busting that is  taking place throughout this country. They are sick and tired of CEOs  making nearly 400 times more than the average worker--unheard of in  American history. CEOs of major corporations now make 400 times more  than their average employee. The American people are sick and tired of  billions in stock buybacks going to the people on top, while millions  of Americans today are struggling hard to put food on the table and pay  their rent.   The American people want justice, and that is what we are going to  begin doing tomorrow in the HELP Committee.   The American people look around them, and they see more income and  wealth inequality in America today than ever before. Three people on  top have more have wealth than the bottom half of American society--165  million Americans. Three people here, 165 million people, and that gap  is growing wider.   While the people on top do phenomenally well, over 18 million  families in our country are paying more than half of their limited  incomes on housing, which is soaring in many parts of the country, and  some 600,000 Americans are homeless.   American workers want to know why--why it is that despite huge  advancements in technology and worker productivity, the average worker  in America today makes about $50 a week less than he or she made some  50 years ago after adjusting for inflation. In other words, the very  rich are getting richer, and the average worker is going nowhere in a  hurry.   Now, there are a number of reasons--many, many reasons--why the gap  between the very, very rich and everybody else is growing wider and  many reasons why wages have remained stagnant. One of the reasons, of  course, is that we have a Federal minimum wage today, a starvation  wage, of $7.25 an hour--a wage that has lost nearly 30 percent of its  purchasing power over the last 14 years.   Raising the minimum wage is something the HELP Committee is going to  address in the near future, but probably above and beyond the need to  raise the minimum wage, the most important reason that real wages are  lower today in America than they were 50 years ago is the fact that  corporate America and the billionaire class have been waging a war  against the right of working people to exercise their constitutional  privilege to form unions, constitutional right to form a union, freedom  of assembly. As a result of that aggressive war against union  organizing, trade union membership today is at its lowest level in the  modern history of America.   In our country today, 71 percent of the American people approve of  labor unions. Labor unions today are more popular than they have been  in a very long time. Yet, despite that, only 6 percent of private  sector workers belong to a union.   Tomorrow, the HELP Committee will be asking why, at a time of  recordbreaking corporate profits, why are multibillionaires and CEOs of  large corporations doing everything they possibly can to deny the  working people of this country the right to join a union. Why? Why in  their never-ending greed are they doing all kinds of illegal actions to  prevent workers from forming unions and negotiating for decent wages  and benefits?   The answer to that question really is not that complicated. Corporate  America understands what most people in this country understand, which  is that when workers join a union, they earn better wages, they receive  better benefits, and they work with better working conditions. In fact,  union workers today earn nearly 20 percent more on average than  nonunion workers. Corporate America also understands that 64 percent of  union workers have a defined benefit pension plan that guarantees an  income in retirement, compared to just 11 percent of nonunion workers.  Corporate America understands that union workers are half as likely to  be victims of health and safety violations compared to nonunion  workers.    For all of these reasons--the fact that union workers do better than  nonunion workers, have better working conditions, better benefits--all  of these reasons and more are why we are seeing a significant uptick in  union organizing in America today. In fact, it is higher than we have  seen in many decades. Workers understand that when they stand together  in solidarity and can negotiate a decent contract, they are going to do  a lot better than when they have to go begging to their employer.   So what we are seeing today is more and more union organizing at  blue-collar jobs. A couple of months ago, a factory in rural Georgia  organized a steelworkers local. We are seeing it at white-collar jobs  all over this country. We are seeing it on college campuses.   Furthermore, very interestingly, as healthcare becomes more  corporatized in America, we are seeing more and more nurses form  unions. We are even seeing doctors form unions. At the University of  Vermont Medical Center, among many others, resident doctors voted  overwhelmingly to form a union.   With that growth in union organizing, what we are also seeing in this  country is a vicious corporate response, and that is that major  corporations all across this country are taking unprecedented and  illegal actions against employees who are fighting for economic  justice. That is why major corporations like Starbucks and Amazon and  others have spent hundreds of millions of dollars on union-busting  campaigns and anti-union law firms. They hire these fancy consultants  at outrageous prices because at the end of the day, they would rather  spend millions and millions of dollars trying to prevent workers from  forming a union than pay those very same workers decent wages and  decent benefits.   Part of the corporate strategy is the reality that over half of all  employers in America threaten to close or relocate their businesses if  workers vote to form a union. Imagine that. You work for a company for  years. You want to form a union, and then your employer says: If you  form that union, we are going to China; we are going to Mexico; we are  going to leave this State.   That is why, when workers become interested in forming a union, they  almost always will be forced to attend closed-door meetings to hear  anti-union propaganda. What employers do is bring people into a room,  they have all of their executives there, and they tell them how  terrible a union would be and the consequences to them if they formed a  union.   As Human Rights Watch has said, ``Freedom of association is a right  under severe, often buckling pressure when workers in the United States  try to exercise it.'' In other words, yes, in America, you have the  constitutional right of freedom of assembly. You have the  constitutional right to form a union. But if you exercise that right,  all kinds of corporate power will be thrown at you to prevent you from  succeeding.   Here is something that really is quite incredible: Even when workers  overcome all of these incredible obstacles  [[Page S2135]]  and when they win their union elections, 63 percent of workers who vote  to form a union do not get a union contract a year later. So what  corporations do is they do everything they can to stop workers from  forming a union. Then, if by some miracle workers vote to form a union,  what corporations do is stall and stall and throw all kinds of legal  minutia into the process to delay a first contract.   Incredibly, on average, because of corporate obstructionism, it takes  465 days on average to sign a first contract after a union wins an  election. Imagine that--well over a year after you win the election can  you actually get a contract. One-third of successful organizing  campaigns cannot get a contract in the first 3 years after a union  victory. That is what corporate obstructionism is about, and that is  what corporate greed is about.   All of that is unacceptable. That should not be happening in the  United States, and starting tomorrow, the HELP Committee will fight to  change that reality by passing the Protecting Workers Right to Organize  Act, otherwise known as the PRO Act.   The PRO Act will make it easier for workers to exercise their  constitutional right to form a union free from fear, intimidation, or  coercion by their corporate bosses.   Look, not every worker in America wants to form a union, and that is  part of what freedom in America is about; but if you do want to form a  union, you should not be hit with illegal activities to prevent you  from doing so. This legislation will make it easier for workers to  collectively bargain for better wages, benefits, and working  conditions. It will finally hold corporate CEOs accountable for the  unprecedented level of illegal union busting that is taking place all  over this country.   Under the PRO Act, corporations will finally be held accountable for  violating Federal labor law.   Mr. President, incredibly, in America today, corporations are charged  with breaking labor law in more than 40 percent of all union elections.  And yet--and this is the important point--the penalties for this  illegal behavior are virtually nonexistent. In other words, you can  break the law with impunity. Pathetically--pathetically--far too many  corporations have made the calculated decision that it is much more  profitable and beneficial to their bottom line to break the law than to  follow the law. Ordinary people follow the law. Average people follow  the law--not large corporations. As they have figured out, you can  break the law, you can stall this thing out forever, and nothing is  going to happen to you.   In fact, the financial penalty for corporations retaliating against  pro-union workers in America, today, under current law, is zero--no  penalty at all. That will change under the PRO Act. Under this  legislation, corporations will be fined up to $50,000 for violations of  the National Labor Relations Act and up to $100,000 for each repeated  violation. In other words--shock of all shock--large, profitable  corporations will have to obey the law. I know that is a very radical  concept in America today, but that is what I think should be happening.   Under the PRO Act, we will ban captive audience meetings that are  designed to intimidate, coerce, and threaten workers who support  forming a union. Under the PRO Act, we will make sure that all workers  have a first contract within 1 year after winning a union election to  binding arbitration. In other words, it should not take years to work  out a first contract. This is nothing more than a stalling tactic on  the part of the corporate world.   Under this legislation, we will ban, once and for all, the permanent  replacement of workers who go on strike. No longer will companies be  able to hire replacement workers or withhold benefits from workers who  go on strike to improve their wages and working conditions.   Mr. President, this legislation will override so-called ``right to  work'' laws that have eliminated the ability of unions to collect dues  from those who benefit from union contracts. This legislation will end  the ability of corporations to misclassify workers as independent  contractors or label ordinary workers as supervisors to prevent them  from organizing.   And yet, Mr. President, that is not all that the HELP Committee will  be doing tomorrow. The second bill that we will be marking up is the  Healthy Families Act, which will end, once and for all, the  international embarrassment of the United States of America being the  only major country on Earth not to guarantee paid sick days to workers.  This legislation would guarantee that every worker in America receives  up to 7 paid sick days from their employers.   You know, we hear a lot of talk here in this town about family  values. Everybody is deeply concerned, presumably, about family values.  So let me be clear: When a wife is diagnosed with cancer and a husband  cannot get time off of work in order to take care of her or spend time  with her when she is struggling with cancer, that is not a family  value. That is, in fact, an attack on everything that a family is  supposed to stand for.   When a working mom is forced to send her sick child to school because  she cannot afford to stay home with that child, that is not a family  value. That is also an attack on everything that a family is supposed  to stand for.   I don't think it is a terribly radical suggestion that in the  wealthiest country in the history of the world, in 2023, people should  not get fired because they stay home with sick children.   Let us be clear: The United States of America is the only major  country on Earth that does not guarantee 1 single day of paid sick  days--not one.   In Germany, workers are entitled to a total of 6 weeks of sick days  at 100 percent of their salary. In France, workers are entitled to a  total of 90 days of paid sick leave at 50 percent of their salary. In  Denmark, workers are entitled to at least 30 days of paid sick leave  capped at about $638 per week. In Canada, workers are entitled to 10  paid sick days at 100 percent of their salary and are eligible to  receive 26 weeks of paid sick benefits at up to 55 percent of their  salary. That is what Germany does, France does, Canada does--countries  all over the world do.   In the United States of America, the wealthiest country in the  history of the world, workers are entitled--workers are guaranteed a  total of zero paid sick days. That's the reality, and that, my friends,  has got to change. Last place is no place for the United States of  America. We can't go around telling people we are the greatest country  on Earth and be the only major country that doesn't guarantee 1 day of  paid sick leave.   It is time for the United States of America to join the rest of the  industrialized world and guarantee at least 7 paid sick days to every  worker in America. And in doing that, we will still be way behind most  of the industrialized countries.   Just a few months ago, the American people learned about what  railworkers in this country were going through and the fact that they,  as workers doing difficult, dangerous work, often in inclement weather,  were not guaranteed one single day of paid sick leave--and we had a big  discussion on that. I offered an amendment on that issue, which failed.  But I am happy to tell you that as a result of a strong grassroots  trade union movement and, I think, the railroad companies getting a  sense of how the American people feel--that is beginning to change.    Today, unlike a few months ago, over 50,000 railworkers are now  guaranteed up to 7 days of paid sick leave. And I have the feeling that  in the weeks and months to come, more and more railroad workers will  get that benefit. We need to build on that momentum by guaranteeing 7  paid sick days, not just to rail workers, but to every worker in  America.   Last but not least, the third bill that the HELP Committee will be  voting on tomorrow is the Paycheck Fairness Act introduced by Senator  Murray. This legislation would end the absurdity--the unfairness--of  women in America being paid just 84 cents on the dollar compared to  men. As bad as that figure is, 16 percent less for women than for men,  it is even worse--much worse--for women of color. In America today,  Asian women make just 80 cents for every dollar a man earns; for black  women, it is just 67 cents; and for Hispanic women and Native American  women, it is just 57 cents.   So, I don't think it is too much to ask in this country that people  be paid equal pay for equal work, no matter  [[Page S2136]]  who you are. And the truth is, of course, the current situation does  not have to be that way.   In Belgium, another industrialized country, the gender wage gap is  just 1.2 percent. Women make virtually the same amount as men do. In  Spain, Norway, and Denmark, the gender wage gap is 5 percent or less-- women make 95 percent of what men make. Across the European Union, the  gap is just 10.6 percent, and in the United States, it is 16 percent.   The Paycheck Fairness Act would close this gap by guaranteeing equal  pay for equal work and making it easier for women to come together to  file and win lawsuits against unscrupulous employers who commit wage  discrimination.   These bills are not only good policies, they are precisely what the  American people want. According to the last polls I have seen, 87  percent of the American people support guaranteeing paid sick leave to  every worker in our country; 84 percent of the American people support  equal pay for equal work; and 59 percent of the American people support  the PRO Act.   The bottom line is that most Americans understand we live in a rigged  economy. People on top are doing phenomenally well--have never done  better. Ordinary workers are struggling to put food on the table, to  purchase the healthcare they need, to take care of their families, to  send their kids to college, to take some time off for a vacation. That  is not what America is supposed to be about.   Tomorrow, the HELP Committee begins the difficult and long journey of  beginning to bring justice to the working class of this country and  tell the CEOs and the corporate executives and the 1 percent that they  cannot have it all, that this economy has got to work for working  people and not just for the people on top.   With that, I yield the floor.   