 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to warn against our  administration's unrelenting campaign to weaken our energy security,  our national security, and our economic security to advance, truly,  their environmental and social agenda.   The ESG rule that we are going to vote on later today is just another  example of how our administration prioritizes a liberal policy agenda  over protecting and growing--protecting and growing the retirement  accounts of 150 million Americans that will be in jeopardy.   Our country is already facing economic uncertainty, record inflation,  and increasing energy costs that keep Americans up at night and put a  squeeze on their pocketbooks. And we all see it, no matter where you  are. Whether it is Georgia or West Virginia, we are feeling the same  pain.   The Inflation Reduction Act was written with the primary goal in  mind--which has not been at all promoted from our administration. The  Inflation Reduction Act was intended to be--and it still is--energy  security for our Nation.   If we as a nation are not energy secure, if we have to depend on  foreign supply chains, if we are not able to help our allies in need,  we will not remain the superpower of the world, and that is what I was  concerned about as we worked on the Inflation Reduction Act.   We were going to use all the fossil fuels that we have in America to  maintain for the next 10 years energy independence, energy security,  and be able to have the supply chain to help our allies, which the EU-- if you want to see the devastating effect of what a war on energy can  be, look no further than Ukraine, look no further than the EU, where  this happened over there.   So we have talked about this, and we wrote a piece of legislation  where we could walk and chew gum at the same time. We could basically  invest and produce more oil, produce more natural gas, basically build  pipelines that carry the products much safer than rails and roads,  which we are seeing so much of the devastation happening by rails right  now, which should be alarming to all of us--but basically to do it and  do it in a much safer way.   But when people deny--and any denier of any kind, denying the reality  of what is needed today, is dangerous. That is what is happening right  now.   We have a significant investment in States like mine already that  allows us to produce more energy here at home, and that means onshoring  our energy supply chains, creating good-paying jobs, helping our  economy, and hopefully start working ourselves out of the debt that we  have accumulated.    The administration should be our partners in this effort. I have  always said this. Government should be your partner, not your provider  but your partner. It shouldn't make all your decisions, but it should  have guardrails on to make good, sound decisions.   But when they try to basically infiltrate, such as with the ESG, the  environmental-social guidance that this bill intends to do, if you  don't weigh that with the geopolitical risks that are being taken  around the world today that we are involved in, being the superpower of  the world and the defender of freedom and democracy anywhere and  everywhere in the world--if we don't acknowledge that and allow just  one evaluation, I will guarantee it would make for very unsound  decisions that will be very harmful.   And again I say, look no further than the EU. The UK has basically  thrown all their environmental concerns out the window just to survive.  They will burn anything they can get their hands on to keep from  freezing, trying to keep their economy going. That is the geopolitical  risk when things are topsy-turvy or unraveled, and that is what we are  facing.   Instead of the administration basically continuing to take care of  every opportunity we have to be energy secure, they are twisting the  legislative text and cherry-picking the pieces that they want to  advance.   And I have been very, very critical because I have been watching very  carefully what is going on.   When you talk about electric vehicles, well, the reason that the  Inflation Reduction Act said: Well, if we are going to give $7,500 to  advance people buying electric vehicles, then we should get something  as a country out of it--that means being totally, totally self- sufficient. We should not have to depend on Russia for 80 percent of  the supply of the batteries that run electric vehicles when we never,  in the history of the United States of America, relied on any foreign  entity or supply chains for us to basically take care of our  transportation needs, whether it be automobiles, whether it be trains,  planes, whatever.   Now, all of a sudden, we want to switch to electric vehicles, knowing  that we don't supply the main ingredients of running an electric  vehicle, which is the battery. It makes no sense at all.   So what we said is, basically, you will get a credit of $3,750 if you  secure the critical minerals it takes to produce that battery in North  America or countries that have a free-trade agreement with America so  we have a dependable, reliable supply chain that wouldn't be choked off  by a country such as China, Russia, and whether it be Iran, North  Korea, those that don't have any--any--relationship to our values  whatsoever and do not wish us well, as I would say.   But with that, the other 3,750--that could equal $7,500 for a  battery--would be that if the battery is basically manufactured in  North America.   Now, what is wrong with bringing these types of jobs in  manufacturing? If it is going to be our transportation  [[Page S544]]  mode, don't you think we ought to have a dependable supply chain? That  is all.   But, no, the Treasury Department has made a decision without even  putting the rules and regulations out yet. They just made it on the  whims and wishes of what they want to do, after we passed the piece of  legislation we voted for. They basically said: OK. Now, we are going to  basically allow people to continue to get the $7,500. Well, how can you  do that when you have rules and regulations? But they cherry-picked it.  They said: OK. We are going to basically say that if your income is  less than 150--150,000 or less--or 300 total, then you can qualify for  $7,500 if the car itself is within $55,000 or less for a car and if a  truck is less than 80,000.   Let me even give you how much more egregious this is, even more than  that. They have picked, basically, certain luxury vehicles called SUVs  that are not trucks, but they want to classify them as trucks so they  can qualify for $7,500 up to 80,000.   That is the kind of crap that we are putting up with right now that  was not intended. It was never intended in that bill. It was not  written in that bill, but that is how it is being interpreted.   So this is the thing that gets me upset because I know exactly what  was in the bill because we had an awful lot of input in that bill to do  the right thing for our country. It was energy security, supply chains  here in America that we could count on. And it is just crazy. It is  against the law, everything that we chose to do and everything we voted  for.   The climate goal--I am as concerned as anybody about the climate.  Every American, everybody who loves the opportunities in life we have  and the quality of life should be concerned but also be a realist.   We are not going to be able to be fossil-free for quite some time,  but we can sure use our fossil industry in a much cleaner way, and we  have done that with the IRA. We are able to basically have carbon  capture sequestration that will take us to another whole venue that we  have never seen before. We have methane capturing, which has been  harmful from the emission of natural gas. We are capturing all of that  now. We are doing everything, but that is not good enough for some  people on the far left. Oh, they want to go even further. Just shut it  down. Stop it.   And I have said you cannot eliminate your way to a cleaner  environment; you can innovate your way to it. And that is where America  is going. With the IRA, we are bringing more investments from around  the world than ever before. It is a transformational deal if the  administration will just do the rules and regulations and administer  the intent of the bill--energy security. That is the only purpose that  we have, and we can do that and be able to mature the new technology  that makes us even much better with our plan. But you can't eliminate  something before you have something that will replace it that the  American people depend on every day.   And if they are worried about what is happening, I can assure you, I  am worried too. China is using more and doubling down on fossil, and  India is using more and doubling down on fossil. So if you think they  are going to take our lead because we put strangleholds on our economy  and our people and make it difficult for us to survive in these very  challenging times, I am sorry, that is not happening. This is not what  I see the rest of the world doing right now.    We can lead them with the innovation technology we are creating right  here in America, but leadership takes leadership. We have to be a  leader to have leadership. In America, we have the opportunity, and the  Inflation Reduction Act gives us a chance to continue to be a leader  and the hope of the world.   I yield the floor.   