 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, there is an  obsession on the left with abortion. It is becoming all-encompassing,  infecting conversations that we have in the Senate on everything from  the military to the Department of Veterans Affairs to phantom State  laws that don't even exist.   Judges have to bow their policy objectives if they want to be  appointed in this administration. Or those who are already on the  bench, if they don't bow their policy objectives, if they don't bow to  the abortion-centric, abortion-obsessed culture on the left, then all  of a sudden, they are going to face these baseless attacks to their  credibility and even threats of violence.   This bill, properly understood, really should be called the ``Freedom  to Traffic Act.'' You see, to my knowledge, no State--not a single  State--has enacted a law restricting an adult's right to travel across  State lines for purposes of an abortion or otherwise. I am not even  aware of a single State considering such a thing.   And if a State were to even consider it, they wouldn't do it. And if  they did do it, social law would undoubtedly be struck down as  unconstitutional on one of at least several grounds, including the fact  that the commerce clause, article I, section 8, clause 3 of  Constitution has interpreted by the Supreme Court--among other things-- to prohibit any State from treating an article of commerce--including a  good, a person, a thing--in interstate commerce differently based on  its origin or designation, out of State or outside the United States.   States can't cabin their own residents or anyone inside their own  State boundaries. That is well-understood. So they don't have that  authority. But more importantly, we are dealing with a phantom problem,  a phantom law that does not exist. There is not a single State law out  there that restricts an adult's right to travel out of State for an  abortion or otherwise.   What some States do have, and perhaps that is what is causing the  confusion here, are some laws to stop the trafficking of children  across State lines to obtain an abortion without notifying their  parents.   This is well-established. We have laws on the books prohibiting the  trafficking of minors across State lines with good reason. This is very  different than what was implied as a reason why we need to pass this  bill here today. It just isn't true. Those laws don't exist. They are  not on the books. They are not even being considered to be placed on  the books.   These laws are aimed to stop the sexual abuse of children by  prohibiting their adult abusers and those in the abortion industry to  help facilitate that abuse by transporting them across State lines for  the purpose of obtaining an abortion and thus hiding the fact that they  got an abortion from their parents.   There are good reasons for these laws. In 2004, for example, the 14- year-old daughter of Marcia Carroll was taken by her boyfriend's family  from their home in Pennsylvania, where they lived, to New Jersey--New  Jersey, where parental consent for an abortion was not required at the  time. There, once in New Jersey, they threatened to leave her in New  Jersey unless she got an abortion, which she did, under duress, under  coercion, afraid. The grief and devastation crushed this 14-year-old  girl and her family, who had agreed to keep the baby.   This so-called Freedom to Traffic Act would hamper the ability of  States to punish such criminal and cowardly actions. I don't think  there is anyone here who can defend that--trafficking a child across  State lines for purposes of obtaining an abortion.   Sadly, this is not an isolated incident--far from it. We know from  undercover videos, testimony from other courageous victims and reports  from former employees that Planned Parenthood actively works to hide  these child sexual abuse instances--covering up for adult abusers by  providing their child victims with abortions and failing to report  abuse.   This, again, is another thing that happens. Not only do we distort  the facts, not only do we distort the status quo of the law in this  country, but we also distort key facts when people become obsessed with  abortion, and they see abortion as if it were, somehow, an unmitigated  good.   This bill was just barely introduced in the Senate--I believe as  recently as yesterday. This bill has not been through any committee. It  has not been marked up in the committee of jurisdiction--the Senate  Judiciary Committee, on which I serve. But Democrats think we should  just pass it  [[Page S2160]]  anyway. I guess maybe they are channeling the now infamous words of  former Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi when she said ``We have to  pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it.''   This isn't how we legislate, and we certainly shouldn't be  legislating when we haven't reviewed the bill, it hasn't been through  committee, we don't know what it says, and the bill's proponents are  badly mischaracterizing what it does and why we need it.   On that basis, I object.    Mr. President, it is important to point out that this  legislation makes no distinction between those covered by it, whether  they are children or adults, and that is my whole point, is that one of  the problems with this is that it would block the effectiveness of  State statutes that are there to protect children against interstate  trafficking for the purpose of getting them abortions in another State  without the knowledge or consent of their parents. That is an issue.   Yes--and I do maintain--I am not aware of a single State law that  prohibits a woman from traveling out of State, an adult woman from  traveling out of State. If such a law exists, I am not aware of it, and  if it exists despite my nonawareness of it, it is unenforceable. It  would be deemed invalid instantaneously. You can't do that.   But what this would do, since it makes no distinction between  children and adults, is it would halt the operation of these States'  State laws designed to protect children from interstate trafficking for  the purpose of obtaining an abortion, which is very often necessary in  order to conceal child sex perpetrators and child traffickers and what  they are doing.   Now, my colleague and friend from Nevada, the distinguished Senator  from Nevada, referred to this--kept characterizing the ``far right.''  Now, to my knowledge, nearly every Republican in this Chamber is pro- life. There are a few variations along the way, but nearly all of us  are pro-life. To call all of us far right is excessive, and it is  unfair. It is unfair especially because there is a mischaracterization  also of why we believe what we believe. At least I can tell you what I  believe about this.   She refers to States' rights. I never call it that. Why? Well,  because States don't have rights; States have authority. Authority is  sort of the inverse polar opposite of a right. A right is something  that you have that protects you from actions by the State, by the  government, protects you from the authority of the collective, coercive  force that is government. So they aren't States' rights; this is State  authority. And that is really how we arrived here. That is really where  we have been for the last half-century.   While people are, on the left, bemoaning the depravation of a right,  I challenge each of them to tell me where in the Constitution it talks  about abortion. Of course, the word ``abortion'' doesn't appear in the  Constitution, but what part of the Constitution actually confers that  right? That is the problem we are getting at  [[Page S2161]]  here, and that is what I would like to address here for a moment.   You see, because in Washington, it sometimes starts to feel like we  are up against an immovable object and where progress is measured in  inches and then victories are sparse and hard-fought, and occasionally  the tides turn and something significant happens and there is a seismic  shift.   One year ago, we experienced such a seismic shift when the Supreme  Court issued its landmark decision in the case of Dobbs v. Jackson  Women's Health. But to fully appreciate the significance of that  historic moment and that decision, we must first understand the journey  that got us to this point in the first place. So let's rewind the clock  50 years, all the way back to 1973, when the Supreme Court handed down  its ruling in Roe v. Wade, a decision that--to say that it legalized  abortion doesn't really capture the image. It centralized power in  Washington, DC, over abortion policy decisions, and then it kept that  power not in the legislative branch of the Federal Government based in  Washington, DC, but across the street at the Supreme Court in nine  lawyers wearing black robes who have been sworn in as Justices, by  removing the American people's ability to make decisions through their  duly-elected lawmakers regarding abortion. It was a moment that  completely reshaped the American people's ability to impact abortion  policy.   So for nearly five decades after that decision, this power to  determine abortion policy rested ultimately with the Supreme Court.  Sure, the Supreme Court would leave enough wiggle room to leave the  impression that lawmakers--primarily at the State level, of course-- could make law, but the Supreme Court was constantly inventing and  reinventing what the standard was, what was and what was not a  permissible restriction on abortion.   You see, this is what happens when you make up a nonexistent  constitutional right, when you just decide that something is really  important, that you feel so strongly about it that it must be in there,  that it has to be in the Constitution because it is so important. When  you take away the constitutional text from the words of the document,  all of a sudden, you are left in this sort of no-man's land where you  have to make things up as you go along.   The result was chaos--49\1/2\ years of chaotic manipulation at will  of the law. A State would do one thing; the Supreme Court would strike  it down. Another State would do something slightly different; the  Supreme Court would uphold it, sometimes changing the standards along  the way.   But in Dobbs, the Supreme Court recognized the constitutional  importance of keeping the power with the people, affirming that they  have a legitimate interest in protecting the lives of the unborn and  that they possess the authority to enact laws that reflect their  values.   You see, remember a moment ago when we talked about the difference  between authority and rights. They are the opposite of each other.  Rights protect you from authority.   So when the Supreme Court decided as a matter of policy that it was  so passionate about abortion in 1973 that it had to be in the  Constitution, they effectively wrote it into the Constitution even  though it is not there. They made it utterly impossible for people's  elected representatives--either in their State legislative bodies,  entities of local government, or, where appropriate, in Congress--to  make most of the laws, and ultimately those were all subject to the  will and the whim and the caprice of the Supreme Court. They did that  because they deemed it part of the Constitution. But when you just deem  something a part of the Constitution, that doesn't make it a part of  the Constitution.   I believe it was Abraham Lincoln who once asked rhetorically the  question: If you call the tail of a dog a leg, how many legs does the  dog have?   He asked the question.   Someone answered: Five.   He said: No. Wrong. It is still four. Just because you call the tail  a leg doesn't make it a leg. The dog still has four legs.   This is still the Constitution. There still is nothing in here that  says, by the way, that people can't make laws to protect the lives of  the unborn unless the Supreme Court decides that they are permissible  based on its own meandering standards ultimately untethered from the  text of the Constitution or from 400 years of Anglo-American legal and  jurisprudential tradition.   So in Dobbs, they restored this power back to the people. In Dobbs,  it reaffirmed the fundamental belief that every human life is sacred,  and every human life is deserving of protection. In Dobbs, the Court  recognized the decisions of deeply personal and morally significant  matters should be made closest to the people they affect.   Unfortunately, in the wake of Roe, we have witnessed a really dark  chapter in our Nation's history. This decision wrongly declared that  abortion was a right, despite no mention of it anywhere in the  Constitution. A decision ushered in a new era, one that forced us to  tolerate some of the most barbaric of practices: late-term abortions,  gruesome procedures that practically no American supports became a  stain on our society.   Even as those cases were litigated, the gruesome procedures were  described, some of the most hardened lawyers could barely tolerate  mentioning or even listening to the words describing the procedures.    Sure. I anticipate I will be finished within 5 minutes.    We refuse to accept this as the new status quo. We knew  something had gone terribly, terribly wrong.   The Dobbs decision brought us a glimmer of hope. It reaffirmed the  fundamental belief that every human life really is sacred and is  deserving of protection and is capable of being protected within our  constitutional system.   Finally, we are empowered to exercise our constitutional prerogative  and resume our efforts to protect the lives of the unborn and end these  unspeakable horrors.   And so this issue of States' rights--again, these are not States'  rights. That is oxymoronic. And we call it federalism, State authority.  So this victory of Dobbs, it is not just a victory for States'  sovereign authority; it is also a victory for humanity because when we  are told by the judicial branch of government, contrary to fact that  the Constitution tells us that we cannot, may not, must not protect  unborn human life, that really does grave damage to humanity.   The victory in Dobbs is a reminder that we can't afford to turn a  blind eye to the moral and ethical implications of our laws. We must  proceed in a way that protects the innocent and defend against the  atrocities allowed under this lofty-sounding but ultimately barbaric  platitude of choice.   Even with this victory, we still have a long way to go. Contrary to  the assertions of many on the Democratic side of the aisle, the Dobbs  decision did not make abortion illegal. It did nothing of the sort.   While many States have passed laws that protect preborn children--and  I applaud them for doing so--others have expanded their abortion laws.  Late-term and partial-birth abortions are still a reality in many  States. This isn't something that I celebrate. I disagree with those  laws. But I don't live in those States. And the important thing is that  the people in those States are making those laws. And most of the time,  it is in the States, and not here in Congress, where things not  rendered Federal by the Constitution should be decided.   As we approach the 1-year anniversary of Dobbs, I believe we are  dutybound to remember the millions upon millions of innocent lives  lost, the pain and suffering endured, and the resilience of the men and  women who fought for those who could not fight for themselves, who have  no voice and therefore had to have others speak on their behalf.   We should be inspired to build a society where every life is  cherished, where compassion triumphs over convenience and cowardice,  and where the horrors of abortion become a distant memory, especially  the horrors of abortion forced upon us by a judicial oligarchy utterly  untethered from the text of the Constitution.  [[Page S2162]]    The Dobbs decision represented a turning point the moment when we  said: Enough is enough. Now we are positioned to acknowledge that every  life, from conception to natural birth, deserves our protection and our  compassion and our care. And, yes, in some States they are going to do  that differently than in others, but the fact that they are going to do  it differently in one State or another doesn't mean that they don't  deserve protection.   So as we celebrate this milestone, I hope we can remain committed to  this cause. Let us never forget the horrors hoisted upon us by Roe and  the significance of the Dobbs decision in restoring sanity and  compassion to the laws that guide our Nation. Together we can forge our  future, where the rights of the unborn are safeguarded, where the  dignity of every human being is cherished, and where the dark days of  the past remain only as reminders of our resolve to create a better  world.   In the face of adversity, remember that change is possible. Remember  that we possess the ability to achieve great things. Our Nation's  health and strength lie in the people's hands, and together we can  shape a future where every life is valued.   