 Mr. Speaker, this week the House will consider the  Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies  appropriations bill.   As a former Navy SEAL and combat veteran, I am proud to support this  legislation. It delivers on our promise for a safer Nation by providing  the Department of Defense with the facilities they require and our  promise to protect those that protected our Nation by fully funding the  Veterans Affairs Department.   Additionally, it helps rectify two grievous wrongs that have been  committed by the Department of Veterans Affairs. First, they are  politicizing this appropriations process, and second, by trying to  subvert the Constitution and remove veterans' Second Amendment rights.   As Republicans worked to responsibly raise the debt ceiling, the  Department of Veterans Affairs told Americans in a press release that  Republicans wanted to gut benefits for those that served our country.  This was simply not factual.   When I returned to my district, I held a roundtable for my fellow  veterans. At The American Legion in Sparta, Wisconsin, a 96-year-old  Vietnam veteran named Don told me that he was terrified that he would  be losing the benefits that he earned during his service.   The Department of Veterans Affairs are being fearmongers with Don and  all of our veterans to score cheap political points, and that is  unacceptable.   The Veterans Administration is subverting our vets' Second Amendment  rights by sending the beneficiary's name to the FBI's National Instant  Criminal Background Check System, or NICS, whenever a fiduciary is  appointed to help a beneficiary manage his VA benefits. If a veteran  cannot balance their checkbook, they could potentially be barred from  buying a weapon. As a result of this, many veterans have decided not to  go to the Veterans' Affairs Committee.    In the Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing last week on Chairman  Bost's bill, the Veterans Second Amendment Protection Act, a witness  testified that as of December 2020, Federal agencies have contributed  263,225 records to the background check system, of which the Veterans  Administration is responsible for 98.1 percent of the total number.   Mr. Speaker, I am a 100 percent service-connected disabled veteran.  Make no mistake, the MILCON/VA appropriations bill fully funds  veterans' healthcare, veterans' health benefit programs, and many other  Veterans Administration programs to the tune of $800 million more than  Joe Biden put in his budget request.   It eliminates the funding for the Veterans Administration Office of  Public Affairs in direct response to their politically motivated false  claims about budget cuts.   My number one priority when I entered this body is to prevent veteran  suicide. Scaring veterans away from going to the Veterans' Affairs  facilities is not forwarding that goal.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on the Democrat and the Republican  side to support this bill.   