 Madam President, the Inflation Reduction Act, IRA,  contained a provision for the Internal Revenue Service, IRS, to spend  $15 million to deliver a report to Congress on an IRS-run and  maintained ``Direct eFile'' tax return system. This was not a  bipartisan provision. In fact, not one Republican Senator or  Representative supported the IRA, and none had an opportunity to vote  on this specific provision.   The report, released on May 16, 2023, was supposed to address the  cost of such a system and the safeguards to protect taxpayers, surveys  of taxpayer opinions and findings of an ``independent third party'' on  the overall feasibility, approach, schedule, cost, organizational  design and IRS capacity to deliver such a Direct eFile tax return  system. It fell far short of these requirements and was conducted by  third parties who had previously expressed a desire for the IRS to make  such an undertaking. Beyond these flaws, the report simultaneously  announced that the IRS had already built functioning multilingual,  mobile friendly, tax preparation and filing software. However, the  Inflation Reduction Act only authorized the IRS to spend funds on a  report, not the building of the prototype system.   The implementation of this provision by the Biden administration has  clearly violated Congress's statutory direction. Worse, the decision by  the administration to build and publicly launch such a Direct eFile  system by January 2024, all without congressional authority, and using  report and IRA funds further violates the IRA and exceeds the IRS's  statutory authority.   The IRS has publicly indicated it began the diversion of report funds  to the building of the software as early as December 2022, but the  software development using report funds was not disclosed to the public  or the Senate until May 16, 2023. This is particularly disappointing  and completely without justification.   IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel appeared before the Senate Finance  Committee on April 19, 2023. In response to specific questions by both  the majority and minority about the report and the IRS's intentions, he  not only failed to disclose the building of this software and the  diversion of report funds for this purpose, but also stated that the  IRS had not yet decided to act, when the facts strongly suggest that it  had. These responses do not build the trust he will need to obtain  bipartisan support from committee members.   The Fiscal Responsibility Act contains a provision rescinding certain  IRA funds for the IRS, including unspent funds on the report provision.  An honest and forthright accounting from the IRS with respect to its  actions here is essential, including when expenditures were made and if  payments were being made in advance of  [[Page S1892]]  the work being accomplished. Such accountability is a top priority.   With respect to the Direct eFile system, the IRS has provided no  evidence it has authority to create such a system, and, indeed, the  evidence strongly indicates it does not. The IRS must immediately  disclose to the Finance Committee and American people the statutory  provisions it has relied upon to authorize the administration's grand  foray into becoming a tax preparation company, blurring lines that  should not be crossed. In doing so, the IRS will also have to explain  how it has not violated case law prohibiting study provisions  authorized by Congress from being converted by administrative agencies  into implementation decisions, as well as those addressing instances  where the IRS has been found to have unilaterally acted beyond its  statutory authority.   Make no mistake: Congress has the final say on the ability of the IRS  to build and field a Direct eFile program that puts the IRS--the tax  collector and enforcer--in the business of tax preparation. Beyond this  clearly being Congress's prerogative, many policy reasons weigh against  the IRS action, including the intractable conflict of interest of the  IRS being tax return preparer, adviser, collector, enforcer, and, in  many cases, adjudicator.   It is particularly poignant in the context of a bill that attempts to  rein in excessive Federal spending to address an Agency action that  will assuredly result in billions in future, and ongoing, expenses to  the Federal fisc.   We must return to regular order and let Congress express itself,  rather than be ignored by an Agency intent on overstepping its bounds.   