 Mr. President, first, I would like to ask unanimous consent  that my senior colleague and I from Maine may engage in a colloquy.    Mr. President, I have often asked, particularly around  here, why Maine is so special, why I am so passionate about it, why  Maine people are always so connected to our State, no matter where they  may roam. And I always have the same answer: that Maine is a big small  town, with very long streets. We know each other. We care about each  other.   There is a fabric of our community that is a beloved community, and  we go through storms, and we go through all of the vicissitudes of life  together, supporting one another and caring about one another.   A week ago, there was a tear in the fabric of our community. A lone  gunman visited two places, a bowling alley and a bar and grill, and  killed 18 people--18 innocent, beautiful people--and injured another  13.   We are going to have a lot of time around here to talk about policy  and what to do about this problem and what our policies can and should  be. But, tonight, my colleague and I simply want to remember the people  who lost their lives last Wednesday night in Lewiston, ME.   Lewiston is a microcosm of that Maine community. It is a community  where people are close, where they know one another, where they grew up  together. It is a diverse community. It was largely formed over 100  years ago by immigrants coming to this country by Canada. It is one of  the most vital and vibrant communities in our State.    I now want to ask my colleague for her thoughts. And she and I are  going to remember those that we lost.    Senator Collins mentioned that one of the most poignant  parts of this tragedy was there were four members of the Maine deaf  community who happened to be at this restaurant playing cornhole-- recreation, having fun.   One of them was Joshua Seal. He was 36 years old, a member of the  deaf community who regularly went to the bar and grill to play  cornhole. During the pandemic, this gentleman served as the American  Sign Language interpreter for the head of our CDC who had press  conferences practically every day. He became one of the best-known  people in Maine. He was a director of interpreting services. He  coordinated summer camps for the deaf and hard of hearing, and he was  the father to four children.   Arthur Strout, 42, was playing pool--imagine, playing pool at a bar  and grill with his father. The father, blessedly, left before the  shooting occurred. Arthur was the husband and father of five children,  described as a ``Christmas person'' who started decorating for  Christmas around Halloween.   Steve Vozzella, 45, was a letter carrier for the U.S. Postal Service  and also an active member of the deaf community--a letter carrier,  mailman. He was playing in the cornhole tournament for the deaf at the  restaurant when the shooting happened. He was the father of two and was  preparing to celebrate his 1-year anniversary with his wife next month.   Lucille Violette, 73, was a valued member of the business office at  the Lewiston public schools. She was well-known in the community. She  worked in the community for over 52 years. She was fatally shot  alongside of her husband, Bob Violette, at the bowling alley.   Bob Violette was 76. He was a dedicated volunteer coach in a youth  bowling league. He was shot and died along with his wife while out for  a night of bowling.   Joseph Lawrence Walker, 57, was the manager of the bar and grill. His  father is a city counselor in Auburn. He recounted that his son's final  moments were spent trying to save lives during the shooting.   Jason Adam Walker. Jason Walker, 51, was a father and husband who was  shot at the bowling alley. His close friend Michael Deslauriers was  also killed when the two of them charged the gunman to try to make  others safe. As my colleague mentioned, he made sure their wives and  children were safe before they took their last risk.   William Young--Bill Young--44. Auto mechanic, father to a 14-year-old  son. He was described as the rock of the family. And perhaps most  poignantly, that 14-year-old son, Aaron, was also killed. He was a high  school honor student, proud of his grades, avid bowler. And he lost his  life that night in this tragedy.   Senator Collins and I, on Sunday night, were at a vigil at the  magnificent Catholic basilica in Lewiston. There were well over a  thousand people in that church. When we went outside afterwards, there  were well over a thousand on a cold night in Maine, watching and  listening to the service.   One of the most poignant moments in the service for me was when a  member of the deaf community gave his address in sign language, and it  was the reverse of what we usually see where a person is speaking and  there is an interpreter. In this case, the person was giving the signs,  and the interpreter was giving us the words that we could hear. One of  the signs was this. It means love. There is another sign in American  Sign Language for love. It is this.   This community will never recover from this tragedy, but it will  heal. But it will only heal as long as we remember and understand that  this was a tragedy. And we have to resolve ourselves to move forward to  find a way to prevent tragedies like this and to always remember those  people that gave their lives on a night of fun, on a night of  recreation, on a night when there was no expectation of such an event  occurring. We just have to remember all of these wonderful people,  these beloved people that we lost that night.   We love Lewiston. We love the State of Maine. And we will always  remember, not only the events of that night, but these beloved people  of Maine.   I yield the floor.   