 Mr. President, thank you for the recognition this  morning.   It is a pleasure to be with you, Mr. President, here this morning as  we, together, represent the State of Georgia, an obligation that we  both cherish, an obligation I cherish sharing with you. And it is a  pleasure to be with you here, Mr. President, this morning to open the  Senate, having heard such a moving prayer and such words of wisdom from  Rabbi Peter Berg of The Temple in Atlanta, GA.   Rabbi, on behalf of the U.S. Senate, we thank you for taking time out  of your busy schedule tending to your congregation and providing light  and inspiration to our constituents in Georgia to provide such wisdom  and a blessing to those of us here in this Chamber who labor each day  to do the work of the people and to advance the interests of the United  States.   I thank you, Rabbi Berg, for your leadership at this moment of trial  for Jewish Americans in Georgia, across the country, and for Jews  around the world at this moment that frays the bonds between faith  communities. I thank you for your interfaith leadership, for your  consistent calls for solidarity, compassion, and mutual love and  respect between all people of all faiths.   It is particularly fitting, Rabbi, that you joined us during  Hanukkah. And, Mr. President, to have Rabbi Berg here as we approach  the sixth night, during this moment when so many Jews feel such anxiety  and fear amidst the overt expression of anti-Semitism such as we have  not seen for a generation, we draw upon the Hanukkah story--one of  endurance and resilience and survival--for inspiration, a story that  can inspire all people of all faiths.   Finally, Mr. President, I would note, as you and I together represent  the State of Georgia--for the first time in  [[Page S5902]]  its history represented by a Black man and a Jew--that to have Rabbi  Berg here representing The Temple's civil rights commitments in  history--The Temple, which in 1958, as you know, Mr. President, was  bombed by White supremacists in an attempt at vengeance for Rabbi Jacob  Rothschild's alliance with civil rights leaders and Dr. King in the  American South--it is particularly powerful to have Rabbi Berg here  with us this morning.   He leads, of course, the congregation where I was bar mitzvahed. We  are grateful for Rabbi Berg's spiritual leadership.   I yield the floor.   