 Mr. President, as the world now knows, over the weekend,  Congress passed a short-term funding bill to prevent a government  shutdown.   I want to commend Speaker McCarthy and the Members of the House on  both sides of the aisle for finding a path forward to keep the  government open for the next 45 days while the two Chambers advance  full-year appropriations bills. The failure to advance those bills was,  in fact, the reason why we came up against the end of the fiscal year  deadline and had to resort to a short-term continuing resolution.   Now, I have made my feelings about government shutdowns crystal  clear. They don't save any money. They don't solve any problems, and  the same problems that caused you to shut down the government are still  there staring you in the face when you reopen. They are not in anyone's  best interest, unless you are concerned primarily with politics and the  blame game.   When the government shuts down, millions of federal workers are left  without being paid. Now, that doesn't mean they don't have to continue  doing their jobs. It just means they won't get paid. That includes  members of the military, our frontline border security personnel, and  so many others. I am glad their families don't have to confront the  reality of a shutdown today.    Beyond the impact on individual workers, shutdowns impact critical  functions of the Federal Government. Immigration court hearings are  canceled, resulting in an even greater backlog of pending cases. The E- Verify system, which is designed to allow employers to determine  whether somebody can lawfully work in the United States, is taken  offline, meaning employers have no way to verify job applicants'  employment eligibility. In many cases, Federal investigators aren't  able to pursue leads of potential criminal activity, develop evidence,  or even bring enforcement actions against bad actors. Programs that  support our veterans, low-income families, and other vulnerable  Americans are temporarily paralyzed.   So there are no winners during a government shutdown. The  overwhelming majority of us--and, I believe, of the country--understand  that. So I am glad we were able to avert a crisis at the last minute.  But the fact that we even landed in that situation represents a failure  of Congress to govern, and it starts right here in the U.S. Senate.   At the start of the summer, it looked like the Senate would embrace  the regular appropriations process, something it hadn't done in a long  time. The day this Chamber passed the legislation raising the debt  limit, Leader Schumer and Leader McConnell issued a joint statement  about the process going forward. This is back when the debt ceiling  legislation was signed. They said they asked the chair and vice chair  of the Appropriations Committee to get regular order process started to  move all 12 appropriations bills through the Appropriations Committee.  The leadership also pledged to work in a bipartisanship fashion to  advance funding bills and noted that ``expeditious floor  consideration'' would be key to preventing automatic funding cuts.   Well, there is no question that our colleagues on the Appropriations  Committee did their job. As a matter of fact, they exceeded their  expectations. Under the leadership of Chairman Murray and Ranking  Member Collins, the Appropriations Committee passed all 12  appropriations bills before the end of July. Each bill received, as I  said, broad bipartisan support. More than half of them passed  unanimously.   So our colleagues on the Appropriations Committee, on a bipartisan  basis, handed the majority leader 12 bipartisan funding bills on a  silver platter. They put the Senate in the strongest possible position  to return to a transparent, orderly, and full-participation process,  where every Member of the Senate would get a chance to participate in  shaping those bills--hopefully, maybe even improving them.   But, as we know now, that is not what happened. The majority leader,  which, as we know--maybe not everybody knows--is the only person in the  Senate--of all 100 Senators, the majority leader is the only one who  can schedule legislation for votes on the floor. And he allowed the  months of June, July, August, and half of September to pass before he  even attempted to put a bill on the floor.   The minibus, or the package of three appropriations bills that the  Senate majority leader, the Senator from New York, put on the floor for  vote, wasn't until 18 days before the funding deadline. Now, that is a  far cry from the ``expeditious floor consideration'' that he promised  earlier this year. He had ample time and countless opportunities to  move those bills across the Senate floor and to pave the way for a  thoughtful and on-time appropriations process.   Instead, as we all know, we were here on Saturday, September 30,  scrambling to pass a short-term funding bill to avoid a shutdown. And I  remember, speech after speech after speech, the  [[Page S4907]]  majority leader said: Oh, it is those Republicans in the House who are  causing this problem. And he accepted no responsibility for his failure  to move a single appropriations bill through the Senate before the end  of the fiscal year.   Well, we were staring down the barrel of a government shutdown, and  it was in large part because of his lack of leadership of the Senate. I  am sure that Senator Schumer will not hesitate to claim credit for  keeping the government open and blame the House for the problems, but I  think it is important to remind everyone of the facts.   Mr. President, here we are, October 3, the Democrat-led Senate has  still not passed a single one of the 12 regular appropriations bills.  We haven't passed funding for the Defense Department, for Homeland  Security, for Veterans Affairs--nothing. And what is even more  astonishing is the majority leader, apparently, has no plans to move  any appropriations bills across the floor this week or in coming weeks.  The Senate is not even expected to address any appropriations bills  before gaveling out tomorrow evening and returning about 2 weeks later.   Now, as we know, Congress passed, thanks to the House, a bipartisan  stopgap appropriations bill. We had 45 days from Saturday to fund the  government on an ongoing basis, and the majority leader has chosen to  send the Members of the Senate home for the next 2 weeks and to burn 2  weeks out of the 45 days, doing nothing. I fear that, 45 days from  Saturday, we will have passed--since we passed the current continuing  resolution, we will find ourselves exactly in the same place we found  ourselves just a couple of days ago.    It is outrageous. It is irresponsible. The American people deserve  better.   The House, by contrast, which the majority leader likes to point to  as the problem, even though they saved our bacon by passing a short- term CR there--when the Senate had done nothing, all we could do was  take up their short-term continuing resolution and pass it, which we  did on Saturday night.   Meanwhile, the House has passed 5 of its 12 funding bills, with plans  to advance even more during the coming days. Speaker McCarthy canceled  the scheduled recess so the House can continue to process those bills.   The Senate majority leader should take a few lessons from Speaker  McCarthy. He should start putting funding bills on the floor and take  our responsibilities seriously. There is no excuse for burning 2 weeks  out of the 45 days we just got last Saturday when there is so much work  to be done.   But I guarantee one thing, I will bet you Senator Schumer will try to  cast blame on House Republicans. But the facts speak for themselves.  The only reason we are not in a shutdown today is because of Speaker  McCarthy, because of his leadership. He managed to get a clean short- term funding bill through the House with bipartisan support. All  Senator Schumer had to do was schedule a vote in the Senate. McCarthy's  clean continuing resolution passed with the vote of 88 Senators.   Well, I hope the majority leader will use the next couple of weeks-- or the remaining weeks in that 45-day reprieve--far more wisely than he  has used it during the last 3 months. He promised regular order, and  now is his chance, once again, to deliver it.   In the next several weeks, I hope the Senate will have the chance to  visit all 12 of those appropriations bills--maybe bundled as so-called  minibuses, but to address them, nonetheless. But I expect the Senate  will also, at the same time, have a thorough debate about our Nation's  border security or lack thereof.   The Biden administration claims it is taking action to control  illegal immigration, but the evidence plainly shows that their policies  are making things worse, not better. According to news reports,  September broke the record for the most border crossings in a single  month. An estimated 260,000 migrants crossed the southern border last  month.   CBS News has reported that the Department of Homeland Security has  released most migrants into the interior--just released them--some even  without a notice to appear in immigration court. The Department of  Homeland Security has instructed them to undergo immigration court  proceedings, which, potentially, are as much as 10 years away.   Law enforcement, nonprofits, and border communities have been under  tremendous strain throughout the Biden administration, and it is time  for Congress to take action to address the crisis, even if President  Biden will not.   I was in New York yesterday and learned about the strain being placed  on that great city, just trying to house all of the migrants who end up  there.   I read that the Governor of Illinois is asking for more money to help  pay for the housing and the feeding of these families.   So, clearly, we have got a problem, but, so far, the Biden  administration hasn't cared to lift a finger to do anything about it.   One thing I can promise you is I, for one, am not going to vote for a  penny of more money to fund the current broken system. So we are going  to have a debate and a discussion, and we are going to have some votes  on what the Federal Government needs to do to step up and fill the gap  being filled right now by States like Texas and Arizona.   We need more agents. We need more detention space, more physical  barriers, more immigration judges, and more flexibility to remove  individuals who have zero legitimate claim to remain in the United  States.   President Biden has proven his unwillingness to address this crisis.  So it is time for Congress to do so.   As funding discussions continue, this is a top priority for Senate  Republicans, and I know, from talking to my Democratic colleagues, they  understand this is a problem. They understand that the problem that  many thought was one that border States had to bear is now affecting  the entire country. And we haven't even talked about the drugs that  come across the border, smuggled by the same criminal organizations  that smuggle people.   So I am glad Congress averted a government shutdown, but the real  work has just begun. We have less than 7 weeks to advance a full-year  appropriations bill and address urgent priorities like securing the  border. I would urge the majority leader just to quit wasting time. You  know, for many weeks now, Congress has not been in session--or the  Senate has not been in session--on Mondays. So we come into session on  Tuesday at about 3 in the afternoon, have a vote at 5:30, and then we  leave after lunch on Thursday. The American people are not getting what  they pay for when it comes to the Senate doing its job. But, again, the  person who controls that schedule is the majority leader, and it is  time to get serious and to get to work and to do our job.   I hope the majority leader will quit wasting time and allow the  Senators to do the work we were sent here to do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   