 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, our  colleague has come to the floor and asked for unanimous consent for a  bill of some major significance. This bill deliberately throws the  Republic of Ukraine under the bus by ripping Ukraine out of the  emergency supplemental. This bill would have a very powerful,  consequential impact. It will allow Ukraine to be torn apart by Putin's  savage invasion.   In the process, it will shatter the Atlantic alliance; it will  fracture NATO; it will destroy American leadership in defending  democracies; and it will empower dictators around the world, dictators  who conclude that they can outlast the coalition of democratic  republics when a dictator seeks to conquer a democratic neighbor.   The last time our world saw such complicity placating a vicious  conqueror was when Chamberlain went to Munich. In Munich, Chamberlain  told Hitler he could take a big slice of Czechoslovakia, and England  would look the other way.   Chamberlain declared peace in our time, but his appeasement did not  produce peace in our time. Instead, it stoked Hitler's appetite for  conquering adjacent land and set the stage for the Second World War,  with a massive loss of life and treasure of Americans and life and  treasure of many nations around the world.   I tell you this: Appeasing Putin today is as wrong and mistaken as  appeasing Hitler was 85 years ago. We must stand with the freedom- loving, fierce-fighting, democracy-defending people of the Republic of  Ukraine.   If you love Putin, then by all means, support this bill. If you love  China and want to stoke China's appetite to invade Taiwan, then by all  means, support this bill.   But if you love freedom, if you love democracy, if you respect the  courage and the fortitude of the freedom-loving people of Ukraine, if  you oppose democracy-crushing authoritarians wherever they are found,  then oppose this bill.   There must be no Putin appeasement on the floor of the Senate. There  must be no complicity in creating a Munich moment. And so I join my  colleagues in preparing to object to this bill.   I yield to my colleague from Maryland.   