 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution.   It is said that two certainties in life are death and taxes. Someone  suing over an EPA standard must be a close third. Yet, when this rule  was proposed, no one from industry or the environmental community  challenged it based on EPA's legal authority, the Agency's analysis, or  the administrative process. That is because it was carefully developed.  It was developed in consultation with a wide range of stakeholders. It  is achievable, and it provides flexibility for manufacturers.   Most importantly, it will result in significant health and economic  benefits for all Americans--far more than the costs of compliance.  Those benefits include fewer premature deaths, fewer hospital visits,  fewer missed days of school and work, and yes, fewer cases of childhood  asthma.   Despite being a relatively small number of vehicles on the road,  heavy-duty vehicles covered by this rule, including semitrucks and  buses, are significant sources of NOX pollution.   This standard will especially help protect the tens of millions of  Americans that live, work, or go to school near highways, ports, and  other high-traffic, high-pollution areas along our Nation's freight  network.   It is hard to believe that the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 were  enacted by a vote of 401-25. Protecting public health from air  pollution was a commonsense, bipartisan issue. Nearly everyone  understood we had to balance industry interests with Americans' right  to breathe and breathe safely.   We have reached a point where it is difficult to imagine a potential  EPA  [[Page H2526]]  air rule that would not immediately be CRA'd by our colleagues in the  majority.   This opposition is not based on rigorous analysis, but an ideological  belief that anything done to reduce air pollution simply cannot  possibly be worth the tradeoffs, even when the benefits would be  undeniably huge.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to allow EPA to move forward with  flexible and achievable public health protections, like this heavy-duty  rule. I ask all of my colleagues to oppose this resolution.   