 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Jackson) for anchoring tonight's Special Order hour and for his  tenacity, perseverance, and dedication along with Congresswoman Sheila  Cherfilus-McCormick as the coanchor for the Congressional Black Caucus.   At the end of each year, Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we owe  it to the American people to show our work. We owe it to the American  people to show who we have been fighting for and what we have delivered  on their behalf.   Mr. Speaker, as the first year of the 118th Congress comes to a  close, I rise today with my colleagues of the Congressional Black  Caucus because the report card on House Republicans' do-nothing chaos  agenda and the CBC's people over politics agenda is in.   Since the 118th Congress was sworn in this January, and as our Caucus  has grown to a historic, record-breaking 60 members, we have been  fighting for the people. We have been fighting to preserve our  democracy, fighting to protect voting rights and create fairer  districts, fighting for public safety and police accountability,  fighting to protect a woman's right to make her own healthcare  decisions, fighting against the expulsion of Black elected officials,  fighting archaic traditions that block progress, and, of course,  fighting extremist Republicans and a judiciary who would rather erase  us, who want to see us less free, and with fewer fundamental rights.   While the Congressional Black Caucus and House Democrats have been  working to deliver results for the American people, the majority party  has descended into complete and total chaos; chaos that left our  country without a House Speaker for the first time in our Nation's  history and brought the people's House to a standstill for 22 days;  chaos that has nearly shut down our government and brought our country  to the brink of defaulting on our national debt time and again. The  American people deserve so much better than the Republican do-nothing  Congress.   By contrast, Democrats have offered a positive vision for our country  and a real record of accomplishments to show in our districts and all  across America. This is because of the investments that we worked to  pass during the 117th Congress, along with President Biden and Vice  President Harris, which was made possible because of historic  legislation, including the Inflation Reduction Act, the bipartisan  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs law, including the Chips and Science  law to bring U.S. manufacturing back to the United States and so much  more, including historic investments in funding for our historically  Black colleges and universities and minority-serving institutions.   In my district alone, we just announced, with President Biden on  Friday, a grant worth $3 billion to fund true high-speed rail to  connect Las Vegas to the Los Angeles region. Finally, after decades of  people talking about it, because of the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law,  it is finally happening. This will be a monumental and transformational  boost to our local economy, and it will also create tens of thousands  of good-paying union jobs--jobs, jobs, jobs. Jobs that will be offered  to every faction of our community and small business owners, including  Black-owned and other minority-owned small businesses.   Thanks to the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, we are connecting the  more than 123,000 households in my State that did not have access to  the infrastructure to connect to broadband, to the internet, something  as simple as connecting to the internet, something that far too many of  us take for granted, there are counties and rural communities in my  State that do not have that access, that do not have that benefit, but  thanks to this law, those investments are finally happening.   Another 825,000 families in low-income households are connecting to  broadband thanks to the affordable connectivity benefit that was part  of the infrastructure bill and that we are now working to make sure is  included in the supplemental.   Nevada is also seeing over $300 million invested to support the  expansion of electric vehicle charging stations. I am so proud to have  met just recently with a number of small businesses, including one  Latina-owned business and one Black-owned business. They are electric  companies who are now, for the first time, being connected to these  contracts and have an opportunity to grow their business, to hire more  workers, and to be part of this new burgeoning sector.   These are just a few of our accomplishments, and we still have so  much more work to do. I thank my colleagues from the Congressional  Black Caucus, because many of these historic bills would not have been  possible without the leadership and the votes of the Members who make  it happen, including our immediate past chair, Congresswoman Joyce  Beatty; the assistant Democratic leader, Mr. Clyburn; our Democratic  leader now, Mr. Jeffries, who literally worked toward reaching  negotiation to deliver the votes necessary.   We know that as we begin the work on behalf of our constituents in  2024 and beyond, there is more work to do, and so we will be tackling  issues around Black economic prosperity and wealth creation, continuing  to advocate for the passage of the John R. Lewis Voting Rights  Advancement Act, and making sure that every community is safe: Safe  from gun violence, safe from overpolicing, safe from hate crimes,  whether they be against the Jewish community or Asians or African  Americans because we understand that all communities deserve to be  safe.   I am proud of the accomplishments, the record that we can stand here  and talk about, putting people over politics, and I look forward to  working with my colleagues from the Congressional Black Caucus as we  continue to advance these legislative efforts for the people that we  represent.   