 Mr. Speaker, I thank my bipartisan co-lead, the  gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Norcross) for his partnership on this  act.   Building codes regulate new construction and major renovations,  setting minimum standards for homes and commercial structures to  withstand natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, or, in  the case of western North Carolina communities, flooding.   In 2018, the Disaster Recovery Reform Act brought consistency to the  home building industry by establishing the definition of building codes  as they relate to hazard mitigation to include the latest two published  editions of relevant codes, specifications, and standards. This  definition, however, will sunset in October. Left unresolved, FEMA can  revert the definition to the single latest edition of codes.   My bill, the Promoting Resilient Buildings Act of 2023, will codify  the  [[Page H6756]]  definition to mean the two latest published editions of building codes,  which is expected to prevent significant administrative burdens on  States and local municipalities responsible for producing hazard  mitigation plans, reduce burdensome regulations on trade industries  responsible for adapting their techniques to meet new building  standards and codes, and to support stabilized building costs that  would otherwise be interrupted by frequently changing building codes  and rising construction costs.   Using the latest two editions of building codes does not jeopardize  home resilience and will continue to ensure our communities are  prepared for disaster if it ever strikes.   Additionally, the Promoting Resilient Buildings Act, as amended,  establishes a pilot program to fund individual resilient home retrofits  with FEMA's Building Resilient Infrastructure and Communities, or BRIC,  program.   In order to increase disaster mitigation among States, it is  imperative we expand program flexibility. This expansion includes  providing opportunities for individual homeowners to access prehazard  mitigation funding to minimize the impact of natural disasters. I thank  the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. Titus) for her amendment, as reported  by the committee, to provide this important flexibility.   Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues support this bill,  which is important to homebuilders and community members through NC-11  and across the Nation.   