 Mr. President, today I rise to highlight the need to  strengthen our alliances as bad actors around the world continue to  threaten peace and global stability.   In August, my Senate colleagues and I took a critical step to bolster  our defense by ratifying Finland and Sweden as NATO members. This was  the right action to take. It is time for all remaining NATO member  countries to follow this example and approve expanding our  Transatlantic Alliance by adding two very valuable and reliable  partners.   In just a few short weeks, we will be marking a grim milestone of the  1-year anniversary of Russia's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine. Russia's  brutal actions in Ukraine, coupled with its increasingly escalatory  rhetoric and continued aggression, have shown us and our allies that we  must strengthen our collective ability to maintain global stability.  Given their proximity to Russia, Finland and Sweden are investing in  their capabilities to prevent a similar attack.   The Finns have demonstrated their willingness to enhance NATO's  military strength by significantly increasing military spending above  NATO's requirements, participating in joint military training  exercises, and strengthening its air power with upgrades to an F-35  fleet under the Foreign Military Sales program.   Finland has been one of NATO's most active partners and a strong  contributor to NATO-led operations and missions in the Balkans,  Afghanistan, and Iraq. The Finns have also delivered crucial support to  Ukraine by providing hundreds of millions of dollars in military aid in  addition to providing critical humanitarian assistance.   Finland's large, well-trained ground force and increasingly capable  air force are interoperable with NATO. The Finns also have extensive  experience in monitoring Russian activities along their 833-mile shared  border, and its addition would make defending the Baltic States so much  easier.   Earlier this month, I visited Finland and met with defense leaders  who reaffirmed their commitment to bilateral cooperation and the value  they would bring to NATO. As a member of NATO, I have no doubt Finland  would be a net contributor of security, not a taker.   I strongly urge remaining members to join the U.S. and approve  Finland's and Sweden's accessions to NATO to confront evolving security  challenges and the ongoing threat posed by Russia's aggression against  Ukraine.   I yield the floor.   