 Mr. President, as you know, we are at an unprecedented  moment in the history of the Senate. There are hundreds of brave,  courageous leaders in our military who are being denied--promotions  being denied--the rank that they deserve because of the actions of  Senator Tuberville and Senate Republicans.   And Senator Tuberville was out on the floor just moments ago  defending his actions. I think most Americans believe that his hold on  all of these promotions is indefensible. But what probably won't get  covered is an additional idea that he presented to the Senate in his  remarks.   Senator Tuberville said today that he thinks that our military  leadership should be fired for failing to defeat the Taliban. That is  pretty extraordinary. For those of us who have served in the Senate and  in the House during the time that we have been in Afghanistan, we had  the opportunity to see that mission on the ground. It was a difficult,  hard mission. Some might say it was an impossible mission, badly  underresourced, right from the beginning.   But the idea that our soldiers or our military leadership--captains,  lieutenant colonels, generals--should be fired because they couldn't  perform a mission that was likely impossible, that, frankly, will have  an even bigger chilling effect than Senator Tuberville's hold on  military promotions.   There is no doubt that there should be consequences for gross  negligence on the job in any profession, including the military, but  for any of us who saw the work being done in Afghanistan, our military  from the top down, they were doing the best they could under difficult  circumstances.   Refusing military promotions apparently isn't cruel enough. Now,  Republicans want military leaders fired when they can't complete  impossible, underresourced missions.   This is a growing attack, a growing set of attacks on our military,  and all in the service of a bunch of old men telling young women what  healthcare they can get and what healthcare they can't get.   