 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk; No. 61,  oddly enough.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Rogers).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I wish my colleague had stayed for a little longer because I would  like to change his mind as to why I am doing it, what I am doing, and  what the purpose would be.   My office has been in pretty constant contact with many of the  families--more than 10 of them--of the 13 who lost their lives in the  withdrawal from Afghanistan. Many of the individuals, the family  members have asked specific questions that have never been answered,  and they continue to want to have specific questions answered,  particularly and including, obviously, individuals, what we knew about  them, how they came to be released, a lot of the activities that went  on.   Now, some of it will have to be transmitted on a classified basis,  but most of it can be given to the committees of jurisdiction openly.   Those families, the families of the 13 and the families of all of the  others who have lost their lives, deserve closure. I believe that  although the special IG and lots of other organizations have done a lot  of good work, much of it is not yet available to Congress, and as a  result, not available to the families or to the American people.   For that reason, I crafted this multipage amendment specifically and  narrowly to ask for information that to a great extent has not yet been  granted, which the Department of Defense has.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I wish that the gentleman would come with me. On Monday night, I will  have more than two dozen of the family members for dinner after votes,  and you are invited. My treat.   The fact is, those unanswered questions are not because voluminous  documents haven't been requested, and in some cases, many have been  received. It is because when committees ask--and I have plenty of  experience on oversight. When committees ask, they get told we will  provide you such information as is appropriate to your request and we  determine should be granted. That is short of when you pass a law.   The weight of this amendment in this act will, in fact, have a weight  of law for compliance. That is a weight of law which is higher than a  committee requesting or even a committee subpoena. That is the reason  that this is different.   This will ensure that if someone says, look, we have already granted  it all, they can either push a button and duplicate it, they can give  us stacks from other reports or, in fact, they can look one more time  for the information we have been asking for and be more complete,  compliant with a law that will ultimately be signed by the President.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let  me tell a quick story. Some years ago, we subpoenaed information from  the Department of Justice. The Attorney General himself, then Eric  Holder, came before me both in committee and personally up to and  including the moment in which he was held in contempt, met with us in  the Speaker's office, and assured us that if we would just take the 279  pages that was fully meeting all of our requests and accept that as a  complete record and be done with it, that he would give them to us.  Otherwise, he would withhold them.   We held him in contempt. We went to court, and many months later, Amy  Berman Jackson, a Federal judge, said: Let me see the documents you are  withholding, and all of them that you are claiming the executive  privilege. All of them that, in fact, are responsive to his request.   We received thousands of pages that never went to Amy Berman Jackson  because they had no merit. Then we received more than 10,000 more pages  that did go through a review process; 279, 2,000, 10,000. The fact is,  it is not new for administrations to give you some documents and not  look thoroughly until there is a compelling law.  [[Page H3560]]    I do not want to go back through the process of going to a Federal  judge or holding someone in contempt. This is a way to ensure that they  either comply or honestly tell us they have already complied. I cannot  take the word this lightly of any administration. I have been down that  road before.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   