 Madam Speaker, I spoke on this a year or two ago, and not  much has happened except more time has passed since this land was taken  from this Tribe.   I represent 21 Tribes in my congressional district. I believe that  when I come to the floor, people look and say, well, you are always  representing Tribal issues. I represent the issues that became an issue  when Ulysses S. Grant recognized what he had done wrong to Tribes. We  began the process over 100 years ago of turning around that challenge.   As the ranking member mentioned, in 1934, we passed significant  legislation. Much has happened since that time. One of the things that  has happened is, here on the House floor, we talk about CBO scoring. I  want to touch on that today, which I didn't do a year ago.   CBO says this has a cost. Yes, when we move land into trust, when we  move it into Federal ownership, it loses property tax so there is a  small cost. This is not a cost objected to by my county or any of the  surrounding cities.   The Native American Tribes in my district have more than compensated  the community from the revenues they earn, and they have been good  stewards. This land failed to even qualify as a landfill over decades.   This is land that, to many, would be considered not usable. It has  water challenges that the Tribe will be spending time and money making  sure that they prevent the runoff, that they preserve.   They have antiquity on this site. They will be investing in that.   Yes, a few Members, mostly in my own party, last year failed to vote  for this because they said: Well, it is an unfunded mandate. It costs a  little money.   Yes, it costs money to transfer things into Federal hands because we  lose a little bit of revenue, but over 100 years ago--far over that;  actually, during the Spanish time--this land was taken from a people,  and there was no compensation.  [[Page H694]]    As we put it back, I would ask each of the Members who considered not  voting for it a year ago to reconsider, to consider that every piece of  every objection, other than that small one, has been taken care of.   The Tribe will be a better steward of the land than it is now. The  land will be better preserved and will be used in a way that-- certainly, if you can't qualify as a landfill, it is not exactly the  land everybody is looking for.   The reality is the Pala Band has taken what they have earned over the  years in agriculture and from their gaming concession and are putting  it back into their ancestral land.   I have another Tribe that we are working on that is trying to simply  get their graveyard back into trust. We will have the same challenge.  They will say: But the graveyard might have an economic cost when it  goes into Federal land.   Madam Speaker, I expect this bill to pass--it passed in the last  Congress--but I would hope that all my colleagues would look very  carefully and say not all transfers are the same. None of them are the  same as naming a post office, although naming a post office after a  fallen hero is not without its own merit.   Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member. I hope that  my thoughts, in addition to the kind words said by both sides, will  convince us to be united this year. This is an important piece of  legislation for a people who have done everything we have asked them to  do and more.   