 Mr. Speaker, just a couple quick points.   First of all, there is no legality issue here. This policy is clearly  and unequivocally legal. As the quotes from the Hyde amendment said  earlier, the Hyde amendment says that the government can't pay for an  abortion or use their services for abortion.    The travel policy does not do either one of those things, so there is  nothing illegal and nothing unconstitutional. This is a policy choice,  and we have heard some very passionate arguments on both sides about  what that policy choice should be.   Number one, let's put aside this ridiculous notion that this is  illegal or unconstitutional. No. This is a perfectly legal policy that,  on a policy ground, you disagree with.   Number two, in response to Chairman Rogers' comment about this being  a new policy, it is not really a new policy in the following sense: It  has always been the policy of the Department of Defense that if you  cannot get the healthcare that you need where you are at, they will pay  to take you to where you can.   Now, prior to the Dobbs decision, that was not an issue when it came  to reproductive services. The Dobbs decision changed that. The Biden  administration didn't support the Dobbs decision and didn't make that  happen.   Once that happened, servicemembers in many, many States were no  longer able to get the reproductive healthcare that they needed or  wanted where they were, so, therefore, the travel policy that has been  a long-time existing policy then applied. It applied to servicemembers  seeking reproductive healthcare that couldn't get it in the State where  they were.   This is not a change in policy, and it is not illegal. It is a policy  choice. As a number of speakers have mentioned, it is an important  policy choice on the very recruitment issue. It will be harder to  recruit women if they are not protected.   I think the former Speaker made an outstanding argument for why it is  really important. Even if you don't believe in abortion, you have a  miscarriage, you need these services that you cannot get, this is  crucial to recruitment.   The last point on this is we keep hearing the military is not popular  anymore because of Biden's woke policies, which is ridiculous. To the  extent that the military has gone down in credibility, it is because so  many people are running around trashing our military saying they are  excessively woke.    Our military is the best in the world. It is  the best in the world today with those policies. Continuously  undercutting and trashing our military as being weak and woke is  hurting recruitment. I will grant you that. It is completely wrong, as  are Senator Tuberville's efforts to gut the military's ability to do  its job because he disagrees with the policy.   We had a vote on it. President Biden got elected. He made his  decision. Change the policy. Don't trash the military.   