 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask that I be permitted to complete my  comments before we proceed to the next vote.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nomination  of the Honorable Jennifer Hall to be our next district court judge for  the District of Delaware.   One of the very busiest dockets in the entire Nation, the District of  Delaware handles a remarkable amount of complex patent cases and  cutting-edge commercial litigation. It takes a special judge to serve  in this court, and Judge Hall's unique background and extensive legal  experience make her an ideal candidate.   My colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee agreed, advancing her  nomination to this floor by a strong bipartisan vote of 16 to 5. Judge  Hall received support from half of the Republican members of the Senate  Judiciary Committee, including Ranking Member Graham and Senators  Grassley, Cornyn, Lee, and Tillis.   She already knows the District of Delaware very well, serving as a  magistrate judge since 2019. She has proven herself a legal powerhouse  and, time and time again, has handled a high volume of the most complex  cases.   Her legal experience before assuming the bench is just as impressive:  8 years as an assistant U.S. attorney in the District of Delaware,  where she was chief of the civil division, leading hundreds of cases on  behalf of our Federal Government. Prior to that, she practiced law at  Fish & Richardson, P.C., where she litigated intellectual property and  complex commercial cases.   A graduate of Penn Law, she clerked for Judge Kent Jordan on the  Third Circuit and Judge Sharon Prost on the Federal Circuit. Before  enrolling at Penn, she earned a Ph.D. in molecular biophysics and  molecular biochemistry at Yale, an education and background that will  aid her as she decides complex patent and IP law cases.   You can see why the American Bar Association unanimously rated Judge  Hall as ``well qualified'' to serve on the District of Delaware bench.   Mr. President, I know Judge Hall to be a balanced and thoughtful  jurist, a skilled lawyer, and a compassionate human being--not just a  great judge but a loving wife to her husband David and a devoted mother  to their children. Judge Hall's exceptional qualifications, strong  character, and even temperament will make her an asset to the District  of Delaware.   Yesterday, we voted by a margin of 63 to 26 to invoke cloture. I am  hopeful for an even stronger vote just now. I support her nomination  without reservation and urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   