 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment and the underlying bill. House Republicans' partisan bill is  an attack on students, workers, and families.   For 2024, the bill would cut close to $64 billion, roughly 28 percent  from the Department of Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and  Related Agencies. The last time it was this low was in 2008.   Inequity in America's education system persists. Significant funding  disparities among neighboring schools continue to rob students of equal  access to quality education, and this bill cuts title I significantly.   Moreover, the bill cuts other programs like completely eliminating  the Federal Work-Study that allows students to work their way through  college; the Teacher Quality Partnership; the Job Corps, completely  eliminated.   There are essential programs that workers in our districts rely on,  and if this becomes law, those programs would be eliminated. This  amendment would cut Federal student aid, making it more likely that  they would have to take out student loans.   The underlying bill is bad enough. It is the first time in over a  decade that the Pell grant wouldn't increase.   Also, our Nation is facing disturbing child labor law violations, and  House Republicans are slashing the OSHA budget. Despite actively  negotiating bipartisan reauthorization for the  [[Page H5789]]  Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, we are proposing cuts in  adult and youth job training programs.   Finally, the bill is an insult to families. It cuts Head Start  programs so drastically, if this bill were to become law, 50,000  children would lose access to childcare.   Mr. Chair, I would ask that we oppose the amendment and the  underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, we know that the most effective way  for young people to get into the middle class is with an education.  Those without an education are going to have challenges. Whatever  station of life you come from, if you get a good education, you have  got a good shot at the American Dream.   When President Johnson signed the Higher Education Act back in 1965,  he said that essentially any student in any State could apply to any  college or university and not be turned away because their family is  poor. This amendment essentially eliminates that powerful promise.   What is the vision for administering the opportunity to get an  education? How are you going to get a Pell grant if you don't have  anywhere to apply? How are you going to administer student loans?   This just eliminates the opportunity for young people to get the  education they deserve. I would hope that we would not adopt this  amendment and, in fact, not even adopt the underlying bill. We need to  make sure those opportunities are there.   