 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5378,  the Lower Costs, More Transparency Act.   I hear from my constituents on a regular basis that the cost of  healthcare is too high, and it remains a burden for everyday Americans  who are struggling to get by.   This bipartisan package led by Chair Rodgers, who I appreciate so  much, finally looks to turn the tide of these high costs by injecting  much-needed transparency and accountability into our healthcare system.  This includes updating CMS' price transparency rules so they actually  work effectively for patients. It ensures we better understand and  reduce consolidation among hospitals, insurers, and PBMs alike.   This also includes my bill with Representative DeGette to reauthorize  the Special Diabetes Program for 2 years with increased funding, all  while reducing the deficit by $750 million.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this transformative  package.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his  extraordinary work and the chairperson for her extraordinary work on  this particular bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of H.R. 4531, the SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Reauthorization Act.    This bipartisan package reflects dozens of bills to reauthorize and  strengthen critical opioid and substance abuse treatment and prevention  policies, including four bills I lead with my bipartisan colleagues,  such as the Combating Illicit Xylazine Act that I co-lead with  Representative Pfluger and others.   Our bill will provide permanent schedule III penalties for human use  of the animal tranquilizer drug xylazine, which is sadly being laced  into fentanyl, leading to horrific side effects that is killing our  constituents.   This is a public health crisis that our bill urgently addresses, all  while preserving legitimate veterinary use for our farming community.   This package also contains my bill, the SWIFT Detection Act, which  updates our methods to track fentanyl, identify public health trends,  and better target relief using privacy-preserving wastewater  surveillance.   Finally, the bill will also remove Medicaid's IMD exclusion to  permanently provide coverage of treatment services for substance use  disorder, as well as language from my bipartisan bill with  Representative Castor of Florida, H.R. 4056, the Ensuring Medicaid  Continuity for Children in Foster Care Act, which provides coverage for  services for foster youth children staying in qualified residential  treatment programs, struggling with serious mental and behavioral  health needs.   These are just a few of the many policies that address and provide  relief for opioid abuse in our communities around the country.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Guthrie and Chairman Rodgers and  Representative Pallone, the ranking member, for their tireless efforts  on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4531.   