 Madam President, I am standing here at the desk next to  the desk of our fallen colleague, Senator Dianne Feinstein. It seems  enormously strange that instead of being able to sit here and have her  next to me, her desk is covered with a black cloth and a crystal bowl  of white roses.   We come from the west coast where our States sit side by side, so  perhaps it was fitting that we sat side by side here on the floor of  the U.S. Senate.   One thing, in particular, that Senator Feinstein liked to do was  share with me pictures of her dog Kirby, whom she absolutely loved. And  she had a lot of pictures on her phone to show Kirby in different  moments of delight. And I must say, for me, this was kind of a  powerful, personal connection because I enjoyed showing her pictures of  my dogs, Roxy and Lila, whom I love dearly.   So even as we work on the great issues of international affairs or  the  [[Page S4822]]  big challenges of America, sometimes it is just the personal  connections, simple connections in life that can bond people to each  other.   Very few people's lives are as full of as much history and  consequence as Senator Dianne Feinstein's: the first woman to serve as  mayor of San Francisco; the first woman to serve as a Senator from  California; the longest serving Senator not only from California, the  longest serving woman in the Senate ever at just over 30 years.   In 2009, during my first year in the Senate, she made a point to  invite me as a freshman Senator to meet her friend the Dalai Lama. I  had a chance to previously meet the Dalai Lama when I was head of the  World Affairs Council in Oregon, and I had invited him to speak to the  people of Oregon. But this was in a different context of the  connection, the foreign relations, in which we were striving to elevate  concerns about the treatment of the Tibetan people. She was a  passionate supporter of Tibetan people.   She had met him 30 years before in India. She had welcomed him on his  first visit to the United States, as the mayor of San Francisco. She  never let up on the importance of that challenge and her concerns about  the mistreatment of the Tibetan people.   In fact, I also had the opportunity to work with her on the  Congressional-Executive Commission on China, which strived to shine a  light on many human rights issues, but one of which, certainly, was  defending the Tibetan people's human rights and culture from the  repression of the Chinese Government.   She was also a powerful partner as we worked together to pass the  Employment Non-Discrimination Act here on the Senate floor, which we  did in 2013, and then to strive to elevate the Equality Act, the gold  standard for ending discrimination against our LGBTQ community--an act  that we have not yet passed on this Senate floor but absolutely should.  I hope someday we will have the votes to do that.   She just believed that nobody should face discrimination, everybody  should have an equal opportunity to thrive here in the United States of  America.   We also served together for many years on the Appropriations  Committee and the Rules Committee. She was a persistent voice in this  last couple of years, time and time again, calling for better pay for  our Federal wildland firefighters. Now, that particular issue is so  essential because of the fires we are facing in the West, and no one  raised it as often or as passionately as she did. As a result, we won  that pay raise. I know that she would be insisting, if she was here  today, to make sure that pay raise is sustained in any continuing  resolution that we might pass in the next couple of days.   She knew how essential that was out West, that we have wildland  firefighters who can work year-round and be paid decently so we are  actually there on the job.   I was proud to cosponsor her legislation this year, the West Coast  Ocean Protection Act, to prohibit the exploration, development, and  production of oil off the west coast, a mutual concern of those of the  west coast that our coast and our multiple fisheries--our crabbing, our  whiting, our shrimp, our salmon, our groundfish--are not damaged by  oil, that our shoreline is not damaged by oil.   It was essential, she felt, that we preserve the health of our oceans  against the potential damage of drilling off the coast. In fact, she  was a strong voice in this modern conversation about climate change.  She understood climate chaos and how the changing temperatures are  affecting us in so many different ways.   At one point when we were serving on the Appropriations Committee  together, I had a simple amendment that supported our international  obligation to help fund an intergovernmental panel on climate change,  and we had a deal between legislators on both sides of the aisle that  we would simply hold a voice vote because legislators across the aisle  felt it should be passed. But they knew anything that related to  climate was so controversial, and they didn't want to bring that  controversy into the discussion about honoring a treaty obligation. So  the agreement was to pass it by voice vote.   When I proposed the amendment, Senator Dianne Feinstein spoke up--I  hadn't filled her in on the background--and she said: This issue is  about climate. It is so important we should hold a recorded vote.   I probably went a little bit pale because I wasn't sure that, as a  recorded vote, we could vote to honor our international agreement. But,  fortunately, and just by a single vote, we did. It worked out. But it  just shows her commitment to having a public discussion, public votes,  public accountability to take on this incredibly significant challenge  that we have faced with the changing climate.   Senator Feinstein helped open the doors of the Senate to so many  other women legislators. She took weapons off the street. She believed  torture was un-American and unacceptable, and those who are responsible  must be held accountable.   She raised vehicle emissions standards and protected so many of  California's and America's beautiful outdoor spaces for future  generations, including the interest she had in protecting Lake Tahoe.   Yesterday, Senator Feinstein, who did so much to open this government  to so many, cast her final vote in the U.S. Senate. It was a vote to  keep this government open, keep the American Government serving the  American people.   She lived an exceptional life--a life dedicated to public service.  She has left behind an enormous public legacy--a legacy of tenacity, a  legacy of and willingness to build bridges across the aisle to solve  problems. I hope that many of us can just hope to do as well.   My thoughts are with her daughter Katherine and her granddaughter  Eileen. It was an honor and privilege to serve with Senator Dianne  Feinstein here in the U.S. Senate.   Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  privileges of the floor be extended to Mike Zwolinski, a member of my  team, for the balance of the day.   