 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to spend a few minutes here on the  Senate floor discussing the debt ceiling agreement reached between the  Republican majority in the House and the Biden White House, the Fiscal  Responsibility Act, the bill that, presumably, we will be further  debating, perhaps amending, and voting on yet today or tomorrow.   I fully recognize that governing in a divided government is a  challenging amount of work. The American people have given us that  circumstance. This circumstance requires negotiation and finding common  ground; otherwise, we can do nothing.   Unfortunately, President Biden, for way too long, refused to  negotiate with House Republicans. He refused for months to negotiate  with House Republicans--I suppose in an effort to intimidate  Republicans and pass an unaltered debt ceiling increase. This would  have opened the door for more Democratic majority spending--in fact,  spending even more money with perhaps no, but certainly fewer, strings  attached. Fortunately, that tactic did not work, and the House  Republicans acted to pass their own debt limit legislation. Without a  realistic plan, a plan that could pass Congress, the Biden  administration finally conceded and negotiated with House Republicans  to create a deal, the deal that is before us now.   My view: Defaulting on the national debt would send a message that we  are a nation that cannot be trusted to pay our bills. Default would be  highly dangerous to our national security and to our currency and to  our economy. China and other countries, those countries that are on the  fence in today's world, are watching. They are watching how the  American government operates. They want to diminish our role in the  world. China would love for our standing in the world to be damaged due  to default, for the United States and its economy to be in chaos.   It is vital to our economy and to our national security that we do  not default and that we preserve the U.S. dollar as the primary  currency, the ``reserve currency''--not the yen or any  [[Page S1870]]  other country's currency. The implications of what happens here today  in regard to a default has a consequence upon our national well-being  vis-a-vis the rest of the world and, most importantly, determines the  relationship we have with other countries and the role that China is  able to further play in the world order.   China and these countries that are on the fence are watching. It is  time--it is vital to our economy and national security that we do not  default and that we preserve that dollar.    The Fiscal Responsibility Act isn't the legislation that I personally  would introduce. It does not sufficiently cap long-term discretionary  spending; it continues to tie our defense budget to spending less than  the rate of inflation; and it fails to address reforms needed to  mandatory programs. But it does accomplish key conservative priorities  that will benefit America and help put our Nation on a better path  toward fiscal responsibility.   In addition to the debt ceiling issue, reckless spending can also be  the demise of our country's well-being, and endless deficit spending  will eliminate the American dream for many Americans and the American  dream as seen by the rest of the world.   As a fiscal conservative, the Federal Government must spend less,  must grow its spending less rapidly, must set limits on our appetite,  and must stop wasteful spending. Our Nation has had a spending problem  for the last several decades--probably even longer than that. It used  to be that everyone understood that deficit spending was a damaging  thing to the economy. Franklin Delano Roosevelt, perhaps the first  progressive President, understood that World War II had to be paid for.  It was a given that we paid our bills with nearly current revenue.   It seems, over time, that many--particularly, in my view, in the  Democratic Party--decided that deficit spending was not that much of a  problem. And I worry that, too often, Republicans want to look the  other way as well. We accelerated that spending during COVID. Perhaps  with the uncertainty of what COVID meant to us, government spending  rose rapidly, and we spent too much money. But Congress was slow--even  as COVID began returning to the rearview mirror, we were too slow to  turn off that COVID spending spigot.   Coupled with reckless tax-and-spending sprees driven by the Biden  administration, out-of-control spending has led to record-high  inflation. Inflation is like a tax on every American and is damaging to  the poorest among us.   Here in Congress, we talk about spending in terms of millions and  billions--sometimes even trillions. But folks back home in Kansas talk  about spending in dollars and cents. And for everyday Americans, those  dollars add up, make it harder to buy the groceries, to pay the rent,  or to put gas in their vehicles. We see it every day in our family, and  I hear about it from everyday Kansans all the time.   Reducing inflation requires reductions to spending. The cause of  inflation is when we spend more than we have to spend and we borrow  money, pumping more Federal spending, government spending, into the  economy.   However, we need to fulfill the most important responsibility to the  Federal Government, and that is to protect and defend our Nation and to  keep our promises to those who served in the military that defends us.  My colleagues and I on the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs have  consistently said we would provide the VA with the funding it needs to  provide care and services to the men and women who have served our  Nation. I have heard it said many times here in the Senate and  elsewhere that it is too easy for us to go to war and never easy enough  for us to pay for the bills for those who sacrificed so much during  war.   The debt ceiling deal delivers on our commitment to support veterans.  The deal also secures the full funding of the toxic-exposed veterans  that was authorized by the just recently passed PACT Act.   In regard to government waste, this legislation will slow the rate of  spending and recoup unspent funding, starting with COVID funds, to the  tune of billions of dollars. The pandemic is basically behind us, and  there is no reason for us to keep spending under the rubric--under the  title--of COVID relief funding.   Additionally, this legislation will cut significant funding to the  Biden administration's plan to hire thousands of additional IRS agents.  I am an appropriator, and I have long been an advocate for what we  around here call regular order, what folks back home would just call  doing your job.   The way this process is supposed to work is we have a budget that  outlines how much money we can spend, what the revenues are to pay for  it; and then we divide up that money that we are going to spend in  discretionary spending among 12 bills that the Appropriations Committee  and, ultimately, the Senate and the House and the President then have  something to say about.   I have been an advocate for passing those separate 12 bills. We  haven't done that very well many times. For far too long, we have  relied on continuing resolutions and massive omnibus packages to fund  our government. Those omnibus packages allow for a small group of  Members of Congress to make major decisions for the rest of us. It adds  to the uncertainty of what is in a bill when it is such a massive piece  of legislation, and it creates--rightfully so--cynicism among my  constituents about ``What is in there?'' and ``Did you read the bill?''   These measures, the way we do it--the way we have done it in the  past--are not good government, and they lead to the ease of additional  spending. It becomes too easy to add something to such a massive bill.   This legislation would encourage Congress to do its job by passing 12  separate appropriation bills or face automatic caps on spending.  Whatever happens on this piece of legislation, I hope the outcome, with  the leadership of the Appropriations Committee that we have today,  means that we are going to do 12 separate bills, each with the scrutiny  of an appropriations subcommittee and the opportunity for amendments by  all Senators on the Senate floor.   Working to spend less will help stop this runaway inflation. But this  legislation goes a step further by stimulating the economy and  protecting Americans from new taxes.   Unleashing American energy is a key to reducing energy prices,  stimulating our economy, and strengthening our national security. The  permitting reforms included in this bill will help get energy projects  approved more quickly rather than being bogged down in a set of  bureaucratic regulations. Things that should take months or a few  years--hopefully, it will be the case and not take years or decades.   Raising the debt limit is not something I or any of my colleagues  should take lightly. Why have a debt ceiling if it is just  automatically increased every time it is met? Don't we wish that would  work in our credit card bills that we receive? We have a limit on what  we can spend because sometimes people, and always government, need to  be told no.   We are seeing firsthand the consequence for spending outside our  means. And there will continue to be more consequences. But no deal is  not a solution either. This is really the clash of a bad outcome of a  default and the bad outcome of more spending, more inflation, and a  greater challenge to our country and its economy.   No deal is not a solution. And defaulting--I can't see any way that  is helpful to Kansans or Americans. The American people elected a  divided government. That is what we work in every day here. Democrats  hold the White House and the Senate. The House Republicans deserve  credit for negotiating a deal with a reluctant President and passing an  agreement with reasonable caps on Federal spending.   This bill represents progress and is that proverbial step in the  right direction. We cannot continue to borrow money we don't have and  saddle future generations with the consequences.   The debate cannot end here, however, with this vote. However the  outcome of this legislation in Congress, we should never have to wait  for a crisis--an economic crisis, the debt ceiling--to take fiscally  responsible measures. It should be part of a way of life here. Those  responsible measures need to become the norm for every Member of  Congress and for this and every other President.   Without a serious long-term plan and subsequent action to reduce  spending, we will be back in this position way  [[Page S1871]]  too soon, and we will jeopardize the American dream. It threatens our  children and our grandchildren's futures as well as our Nation's  ability to defend itself against global threats.   I always tell myself that my responsibility as a citizen of this  country--not as a Senator necessarily but just as a citizen--is to do  what we can do to make sure that the American dream is alive and well  and liberties and freedoms that we enjoy as Americans through the  sacrifice and service of many and the wisdom of the Founding Fathers in  the Constitution of the United States--our job is to make certain those  liberties and freedoms are protected for people we will never meet and  that the American dream is alive and well for people today and their  children and grandchildren.   America still stands as a beacon for others around the world, and  there are others in other countries who are trying to live the American  dream. They are envious of what we have. But it is fragile, and it can  go away.   It is our responsibility to make sure that is not the case. We can't  let this happen. We have to confront our threats head-on.   And, yes, it is easy to take a side and defend that side and advocate  for that side. It is what we do here. There are times in which it is  necessary for us, for the well-being not of us as individuals or us as  elected officials but for the well-being of the country, to find a path  forward. And in today's environment, in today's world, it requires  bipartisan cooperation. And bipartisan agreement is a blueprint to  develop more fiscally responsible legislative agenda.   We will debate this bill. We will, potentially and perhaps hopefully,  amend this bill, but our work is cut out for us. The American people  deserve for us to make the decisions that protect us from our  adversaries, keep the American dream alive, and make certain that our  children and grandchildren and those we have never met have a brighter  future. The issue before us is one of those that has a consequence in  all those arenas.   I will work with my colleagues today as we move forward on this  legislation to make sure that the outcome is something that advances a  cause that is important to me and to the people I represent.   I yield the floor.   