 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Today, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 3395, the U.S. Supply Chain  Security Review Act. I thank Coast Guard and Maritime Transformation  Committee Chair Webster for his support on this legislation.   Securing our maritime supply chain is critically important to  American consumers and to our economic resilience. COVID-19, Russia's  war of aggression in Ukraine, and the increasing economic and security  challenges from the Chinese Communist Party emphasize the need for the  United States to better understand the influence, incentives, and  dependencies at critical nodes in our supply chains, especially our  ports.   The U.S. Supply Chain Security Review Act would direct the Federal  Maritime Commission to work with an independent academic or federally  funded research center to evaluate the ownership of marine terminals at  the 15 largest U.S. container ports.   This study will consider the changes in ownership of marine terminals  in these ports over the last 10 years, as well as any announced  ownership changes anticipated in 2023 or 2024, with a specific focus on  ownership by Chinese or Russian entities. These ports are critical to  our economic and national security, and it is imperative that we have a  real-time understanding of who is in charge.   The study will also examine the amount of Federal grant funds that  have gone to ports and marine terminals wholly or partially owned by  foreign entities and a detailed analysis on the foreign operational  control of these marine terminals.   Lastly, the study will offer recommendations on policies to prevent  malign foreign ownership of ports and terminal operators, whether  ownership of the port gives the foreign entity unique access to  operational technology and information, or if foreign ownership of the  entity could have an impact on our supply chains.   Understanding how our supply chains are and will be impacted by  foreign ownership of marine terminals is a key aspect of our economic  competition and will help the United States develop supply chains that  are resilient against adversaries.   This bipartisan legislation passed unanimously out of the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and I thank Chair Graves  and Ranking Member Larsen for their leadership and support on this  important issue.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation so we can begin to  address this critical issue and ensure the security of our maritime  supply chains.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R.  3395, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 3399, which, like my bill that is also  under suspension today, will help to ensure a safe and resilient  American supply chain.   The Soo Locks, which are located on the St. Mary's River and connect  Lake Superior to the rest of the Great Lakes system, facilitate the  passage of 7,000 cargo ships per year. The locks connect the Great  Lakes and are directly on the border with Canada, making them an  important fixture for our national security. If something were to  happen to the Soo Locks, 11 million jobs would be affected nationwide.   This bill directs the Department of Transportation to conduct a study  on any domestic or international threats to the Soo Locks, as well as  the economic effect of an operational failure.   This bill was reported out of the Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee unanimously on May 23 of this year because my colleagues  understand that economic resilience and national security are  intertwined.   A robust and resilient supply chain is the result of deliberate  construction, maintenance, and operational security of locks, ports,  waterways, roads, railways, and airports.   As proponents of the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law understood,  maintenance of and investment in our ports and waterways is paramount.  That law provided $17 billion for ports and waterways, which will go a  long way to ensuring the viability of infrastructure like the Soo Locks  and maritime transportation in the Great Lakes. This bill builds upon  the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law by understanding the vulnerabilities  from a national security standpoint, and, thus, better protecting our  investments.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R.  3399, and I yield back the balance of my time.   