 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today I rise to speak on general and flag  officer confirmations, specifically, the urgent need to confirm the  next Commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps.   The Senator from Alabama strongly objects to an entirely legal and  appropriate travel regulation implemented under a long-established  Department of Defense authority which ensures all servicemembers and  their families have equal access to medical care.   To show his disagreement with the legal civilian-crafted regulation,  the Senator from Alabama has held up the apolitical nominations of 251  senior military officers for over 4 months. My colleague from Alabama  has made it clear that he will continue his hold on these military  officers unless and until he gets his way. He does so despite  [[Page S2266]]  precedent and, again, with a less than meritorious legal case--in fact,  no legal case at all, I would argue--and the fact that Members of his  own party have objected to this blockade, including the Republican  leader.   This blockade weakens our national security. Every day it goes on, it  has a more significant impact on operations within our military, all  branches of the military. While our military will always do whatever is  necessary to get the job done, they will always be ready--as they will  tell you--and they will give their all.   This hold is unnecessary, unprecedented, and, at a critical time in  national security, it is driving the U.S. military to a potential  breaking point. It is also an affront to the military and their  families, who so many of us just lauded for their sacrifices during the  Fourth of July festivities. My colleagues thanked them profusely, but  do not recognize that they are professional officers who deserve  consideration, not as political chips but as men and women of our  services.   Those of my colleagues who support this unprecedented delay are  themselves politicizing the military by the very nature of their  actions. These promotions have always been confirmed by unanimous  consent very soon after being reported to the floor or, on the rare  occasion, a single overwhelming vote without cloture. But now, in  refusing to confirm these promotions, the uniformed military,  previously and appropriately shielded from partisan politics, is being  thrust into the midst of politics. This behavior was once reserved only  for individual political appointees, civilian political appointees on  specific matters of dispute, usually with some reasonable or negotiable  outcome. No more. It seems it is ``my way'' or no way at all. And that  is a sad demonstration of individual hubris.   The Senator from Alabama often says if we really wanted these  generals and admirals, we would just vote, but I would like to explain  that. The Senator is not allowing a simple vote; he is demanding  cloture first on every nomination. So we asked the Congressional  Research Service what it would take to process 251 nominations with  cloture. They estimate to file cloture on all the nominations being  held, it would take approximately 5 hours. Then 2 days later, the  Senate could start voting.   It will take approximately 668 hours to confirm all these military  nominations. That is 27 days if the Senate works around the clock, 24  hours a day. If the Senate just did military nominations for 8 hours a  day, it would take 84 days. So ``just vote'' is not an answer. This is  not a feasible solution to this issue.   Now, let me be clear. We have offered the Senator from Alabama  opportunities to voice his opinion on the policy matter which he  opposes. For example, before recess, we marked up the Fiscal Year 2024  National Defense Authorization Act. During that markup, we had a  separate debate and vote on Senator Ernst's bill, S. 822, entitled  Modification to Department of Defense Travel Authorities for Abortion- Related Expenses Act. We then had the debate and vote a second time  when the Ernst bill was offered to the chairman's markup of the NDAA.  And I expect we will likely be debating this issue on the NDAA when it  comes to the floor. This is yet another opportunity to vote on the  policy my colleagues find objectionable.   And as long as I have been here, the essence of this body is, when  you have a difficult issue, you debate it, you discuss it, and then you  take a vote. We have already taken several votes, and still this  unprecedented hold goes on. I don't think we can continue to allow 251  men and women who have served and sacrificed--and their families, which  makes this impact thousands, not just 251--I don't think we can let  them fester any longer, wondering if they are going to get their  promotion or not.   But, today, let me speak about one specific person whom, I do not  think, we can ignore, and that is the position of the Commandant of the  U.S. Marine Corps. By law, the present Commandant of the Marine Corps,  Gen. David Berger, must end his service tomorrow, the 11th of July. His  replacement, Gen. Eric Smith, who had a hearing before the Armed  Services Committee on June 13 and then was voted out unanimously on  June 21, awaits our action.   General Berger does not require further congressional action to  retire, but General Smith needs the Senate to act to become the next  Commandant. I can guarantee you that General Berger takes no comfort in  ending his career with his successor unsettled.   I went this morning to a ``relinquishment of office'' ceremony for  General Berger. Now, anyone with any experience with the military knows  that the typical ceremony is a change of command, but that could not be  accomplished today because the next commander has not been confirmed,  the new Commandant. To the military in particular, ceremony matters.  The visual of the outgoing leader passing the guidon, or battle colors,  to the incoming leader shows the continuous, unbroken leadership of an  organization--in this case, the whole of the Marine Corps.   In 2019, General Berger received the battle colors from Gen. Robert  Neller. This morning, the colors were not passed from one Commandant to  another. They were relinquished--relinquished--a word that is seldom  associated with the military. They were relinquished from a retiring  Commandant to an Acting Commandant, and that is embarrassing--not for  the U.S. Marine Corps, but for the U.S. Senate. To hear a retiring  Commandant publicly ask the Senate to do its job is an indication of  how misguided this approach has been. We need to act, but because of  the Senator from Alabama and those who support him, we are unable to do  so.   General Berger has faithfully served our Nation--voluntarily--for 42  years. He has fought our Nation's wars. He has selflessly served, and  he has done so exactly how we expect our military leaders to serve. For  the past 4 years, he has led the Marine Corps through a difficult  transition on the way marines fight so that they are ready for the  challenge of the Indo-Pacific. But, tomorrow, he leaves the Marines  without a confirmed leader because of the inability of this body to do  its job.   General Berger's successor, Gen. Eric Smith, is cut from the same  cloth. General Smith was born in Kansas City, MO, and raised in Plano,  TX. He earned his commission in 1987 through the Naval Reserve Officers  Training Corps at Texas A&M University. Like every other servicemember,  he has served our Nation wherever it has sent him. He has served in  peace, and he has served in multiple wars.   So for those who say this current hold only impacts the generals and  the admirals, tell that to the marines General Smith commanded included  in Weapons Company, 2nd Battalion, 2nd Marine Regiment during Operation  Assured Response in Monrovia, Liberia. Tell that to the marines of the  1st Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment who General Smith led during  Operation Iraqi Freedom. Tell that to the marines of Regimental Combat  Team 8 he led during Operation Enduring Freedom.   In General Smith we have a Purple Heart recipient. This man has  literally shed his blood for his country. And with 36 years of service,  he has achieved the rank of four stars. He stands ready to continue his  service to our Nation and the marines he will lead for 4 more years. He  simply awaits our action.   Our action and inaction matter. More than just our generals and  admirals are watching. Some argue that this delay impacts only the  nominees. They are wrong. These holds ripple through the ranks, and-- trust me--young officers and noncommissioned officers are watching. How  we treat their leaders will influence the decisions of future  generations about whether the military is worth the sacrifice asked of  them and their families.   Right now, a number of military officers who were planning to retire  are on an indefinite hold because they have no one confirmed to take  their jobs. Others want to go to new commands but cannot for the same  reason. Their families cannot move to their new homes. Their children  cannot get ready for a new school. Their spouses cannot take new jobs.   This is not a game. These are real lives that have been upended. Due  to the pure obstinacy of the Senator from Alabama, the Senate is, in  effect, holding thousands of loyal members of the U.S. military and  their families in limbo. I believe we owe them more than that.  [[Page S2267]]    We are 1 day away from an Acting Commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps.  According to the Marine Corps History Division, there have been four  Acting Commandants in the history of the Marine Corps, which was  established in 1775, for those who are counting. The last Acting  Commandant served over a century ago, in 1910, and three of the four  Acting Commandants are the result of the previous Commandant dying in  the position of Commandant.   Could General Smith, the current Assistant Commandant, serve as the  Acting Commandant? Yes, of course, he can. But we must ask ourselves  why we would allow it. Why would the Senate allow that to happen with  not only our near-peer competitors watching but the eyes of all who  serve watching? We have the ability and the responsibility to act. We  should do so.   ``Semper Fidelis''--always faithful--is the Marine Corps motto. Let  this Congress show a modicum of that faith today and confirm Gen. Eric  Smith as the next Commandant.   With that, Madam President, I would ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination:  Executive Calendar No. 249, Gen. Eric M. Smith to be Commandant of the  Marine Corps; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that, if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, reclaiming my time, first of all, the  Senator from Alabama made a compelling case about the demands upon this  Senate. They range from cyber security issues to a host of other  important issues that we have to deal with. Yet he insists we have a  vote.   Now, he has very subtly made a distinction between four or five  senior officers, and forgotten the 245 other officers who play very  critical roles in the military. And if one respects the Marine Corps  and one respects the proposed Commandant, the first thing I believe you  should do is allow a vote very quickly so that there is no period of  time that he is an Acting Commandant.   And an Acting Commandant is different than a Commandant. Their  policies cannot be firmly established because they are just ``acting.''  He is capable, but he is just ``acting.'' If we want leadership that is  confirmed, that has not only the trappings of authority but every bit  of influence generated by such authority, then we have to vote. That is  why the Congress is required to confirm military officers.   We are in a situation where just pure obstinacy is inhibiting our  servicemembers. And I am amazed that someone would stand up and say:  The quality I look for is a military officer who is not political, but  what I do is make these officers political pawns in a game I am playing  with national leadership. It is civilian leadership who proclaim these  policies, which are legal and consistent with the history of the Armed  Forces.   This is a very unsatisfactory answer. We will continue to come back  and urge that our colleagues. I particularly hope my colleagues on the  other side, many of whom do appreciate the fact that these officers  must be confirmed for the good of our Nation and the safety of the  world, come around.   I have just one example that comes to mind. The President of the  Naval War College, Admiral Chatfield--a remarkable woman--changed  command a few weeks ago. She is nominated to be a three-star admiral  and be our representative in Brussels at NATO. This, at a time when  NATO and the United States are engaged in supporting the Ukrainian  people in trying to survive, save their people, and, indeed, probably  save their country. But Admiral Chatfield cannot go to Brussels. She  remains in Newport waiting--helping out a bit, I am sure, with her  replacement, but just waiting. And meanwhile, the general officer in  Brussels has other plans, obviously, because he knew, or hoped, that  Admiral Chatfield would be arriving soon.   That is the kind of disorder, disorganization, and, I would say,  disrespect that is being generated by these holds.   I yield the floor.   