 Mr. President, the terror and devastation  unleashed on Israelis by Iran-backed Hamas terrorists have rightly  horrified the world. Innocent families were murdered in their homes.  Children were beheaded. Girls were raped. Whole families were burned  alive. An elderly, wheelchair-bound woman, later identified as a  Holocaust survivor, was brutally dragged through the streets of  [[Page S5377]]  Gaza. Children who witnessed the murders of their parents have been  kidnapped and are being held hostage by Hamas. Hundreds were mowed down  at a music festival. Thousands are dead. At least 33 Americans are  dead, and reportedly 10 are held hostage. The atrocities are too  numerous to fully recount, but the images we have seen will never leave  our memories.   In 2019, my wife Ann and I had the opportunity to visit Kfar Aza, one  of the kibbutzes that was the site of a complete massacre. As the early  reports were coming out, I was really worried about the kibbutz because  of its proximity to Gaza. It is about half a mile away. When I heard  the news that it was the site of some of the most horrific and barbaric  activities, my heart just sank. We had spent an afternoon there, and it  was the most peaceful place. I keep thinking about the moms and kids  who were playing outside, enjoying the warm summer weather. It is gut- wrenching to think of the fate of the families we met that day.   I spoke with Chen, the lady who led our tour of the kibbutz, who was  traveling outside of Israel that day and survived. I was able to speak  to her right after it happened, and she has not been able to go back  home. She said it was unclear if she will ever be allowed to go back  home. Can you ever imagine?   So many of us in this Chamber are so deeply connected to Israel, and  I bet almost everyone here as a story like mine. We know people in the  IDF who have been called to serve. We have friends all over Israel who  have spent days in bomb shelters as rockets have been launched by  terrorists intent on wiping Israel and Jews off the face of the Earth.   I have met with survivors and hostage families. I have placed a  poster outside my office that features the faces of the hostages being  held by Hamas. I am not going to take it down until they get home.   Not since the Holocaust has the world witnessed such a brutal attack  on the Jewish people. We have to really let that sink in. It is 2023,  and it sure feels like history is repeating itself. We also have a  President who can barely even talk about the Americans who are held  hostage right now in Gaza.   The first step to freeing these hostages and helping Israel destroy  these terrorists is passing aid for Israel. We must send the world a  clear message: Attacking the United States and our allies and partners  is a bad idea, and it will only end with us winning.   In the days and weeks ahead, Israel is going to once and for all  destroy Hamas and its ability to exist as a terror state on Israel's  borders. The United States has to support Israel right now and ensure  they have the weapons they need to completely destroy Hamas.   That is why I am proud to join Senators Marshall, Vance, and our  colleagues on the bill. The House took decisive action by passing this  bill last week. They moved quickly, and the measure is fully paid for.  The Senate can follow suit right now. I am proud to colead the  companion bill in the Senate.   I yield back to my colleague from Kansas.   