 Madam Speaker, we have many problems today in higher  education, one of which is the excessive kind of anti-God, liberal  approach, leftwing approach, I will say, of the faculty in general,  which, of course, flops over to the students. Some of it should be  addressed, and we should try to get back to some sort of balance in  higher education.   America is very divided today: about 50 percent more conservative and  about 50 percent more leftwing, more progressive. Hypothetically, the  faculty at America's colleges and universities ought to reflect that.   Instead, a recent trend is going to push things in the exact opposite  direction, and that is the movement of colleges and universities,  including the colleges and universities with the highest reputations in  the country, to get rid of standardized tests.   What result will getting rid of standardized tests have on the type  of people who are admitted to all of our colleges and universities, but  particularly our elite colleges and universities? Right now, a  standardized test is something you either do well on or don't. A lot of  people are nervous about standardized tests, but in any event, some  determination has to be made on how some people get into college and  some people don't.    As we get rid of standardized tests, we are going to put more weight  on things like an essay students submit to try to get into college. We  are going to put more weight on extracurriculars or nonprofits that  students work for. What effect is that going to have on the type of  students who are admitted?   Given that these are subjective determinations, we know very well the  professors or other people on the admissions committees will look at  where you are doing your extracurriculars. Are you active in an  evangelical church? Are you active in a conservative political party?  Or are you active in more left-leaning nonprofit organizations?   They will look at your essay, which is purely a subjective  determination. The danger is that these leftwing faculty members will  say: Oh, this person doesn't look like he will fit in here. This person  is a conservative. This person is a Christian.   As a result, this ought to be of great alarm to everyone. Not to  mention, the scores you get on these tests do a good job of predicting  how well you will do in school. As a result, it is going to lower the  quality of students.   Already you hear from employers that college graduates are not as  qualified, that their work ethic isn't as good as new employees they  had 20 years ago. What will be the effect of removing these standards?   Furthermore, it is going to have a negative impact, I think, on  people who come from backgrounds without as much money. You only have  so much time before you go to college to put together your resume. If  you need more money, if you have to work, say, 30 hours a week at the  local McDonald's, you don't have time to put together the long resume  that looks so good at college admissions.   Today or in the past, with standardized tests, the kid who has to  work 30 hours a week at McDonald's and doesn't have time for a lot of  do-gooder causes can do a great job on his standardized test and still  get in. This penalizes the person who has to do a lot of work on the  outside and rewards the student who doesn't have to make any money on  the side in high school.  [[Page H1444]]    This is certainly not something that we want, but it will  unquestionably be the result of getting rid of standardized tests.   It will also increase the importance of, perhaps, high school grade  points. One more time, a grade point is, to a certain extent,  subjective, as well. We hear already in high school, but all the time  in college--we will come back to that in a second. Already in high  school, students have to lie a little bit on the essay because the  teachers are very liberal.   I had a teacher who taught at a high school in Wisconsin, a very  sizable high school, and she said she was the only Republican in the  whole faculty of that high school. What does that say about your grade  point coming out of high school? I don't know if I believe her--it was  a very large high school--but she felt she was the only one.   In other words, what you are going to wind up with, once these  subjective determinations are made, is you are going to have the same  liberal bias that happens once you get into college.   I talked to an English professor at the University of Wisconsin.    In any event, I strongly encourage this institution--   