 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a one-of-a- kind man, father, husband, businessowner, U.S. veteran, and a great  friend of mine, Mr. Albert Burr McCall, or A.B., as many called him.   Mr. McCall passed away on September 13, 2023, at the grand age of 94.  Living to that age is obviously quite a feat, but in A.B.'s case, the  real feat was the full life he lived and the accomplishments he  achieved.   A.B. was a man of faith, a loving and loyal family man, a proud and  patriotic American. He was an unwavering believer in the preservation  of the freedoms we enjoy as Americans, and he contributed generously to  those causes that shared his convictions.   He saw the importance of hard work at a young age when he worked at  the general store his grandparents started in 1896. That  entrepreneurial spirit would prove to run in the family.   A.B. graduated from Smith County High School in Carthage, Tennessee,  and later earned an undergraduate college degree in agriculture from my  alma mater, Tennessee Tech. He then earned a master's degree in animal  nutrition from the University of Missouri.   Mr. McCall started his professional career as a teacher, but after  only 1 year, he found himself answering the Nation's call to serve in  the military in the Korean war from 1952 to 1954. He was later  discharged with the rank of first lieutenant after being wounded in  combat by enemy fire.   When he returned to the States, A.B. headed back to the classroom to  teach agriculture to World War II veterans at an Iowa high school.  While holding down that job and four others, he also worked toward a  Ph.D. at Iowa State University, and most importantly, he met his wife,  Virginia.   They wed just 9 months after their first meeting and soon thereafter  moved to Smith County, Tennessee, where he would buy into his father's  furniture and appliance business and eventually open D.T. McCall &  Sons, which is still thriving today in the Smith County town of  Carthage and surrounding middle Tennessee towns and cities.   A.B.'s success in business is attributable in no small part to his  uncanny ability to sense a profitable opportunity when it came along.  In 1958, he learned that a local cheese company was changing the way it  made its product, which he realized would in turn require approximately  1,700 Tennessee dairy farmers to obtain a new type of industrial cooler  in order to keep supplying milk.   A.B. did some digging and found a surplus of these coolers in North  Carolina that were perfect to fill the needs of dairy farmers in  Tennessee. After several trips east, he bought approximately 1,000 of  these coolers to sell to Tennessee dairy farmers. He even stopped in  South Carolina on the way home, filling one of the coolers with peaches  to sell back in Carthage.   Mr. McCall clearly had an eye for finding deals and passing savings  on to his customers, but he was also a marketing genius. He is still  known throughout middle Tennessee from his days as a regular on  Nashville's ``The Ralph Emery Show.'' Thousands would tune in to watch  him list all the deals he had on furniture because he made them laugh  while doing it. He ended his live television ads by holding up his  right hand and fist and saying, ``hey,'' which became an unofficial  trademark of his.   According to Home Furnishings Daily, D.T. McCall & Sons is ranked in  the country's top 50 independently owned furniture dealers today. In  terms of warehouse and sales floor footage, it is the largest furniture  and appliance store in the United States.   Albert and Virginia McCall leave behind two children, A.J. McCall and  Menda McCall Holmes, four grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.  Menda and her husband Howard are with us in the gallery today.   D.T. McCall & Sons continues to be a family business, something in  which A.B. took great pride. Mr. Speaker, A.B. McCall's life is a  lesson for us all--that while a long life is a wonderful blessing,  having a life well lived is the superior goal. Albert McCall did both.   My prayers go out to all of his family and friends as they continue  to mourn  [[Page H5991]]  the passing of their loved one and this great Tennessee man. Mr.  Speaker, with that, I say ``hey.''   