 Mr. President, today we take a moment to remember the  anniversary of September 11, 2001.  [[Page S4340]]    Many people recall vividly that day where they were. I was in this  building outside that door and a few steps down the hallway. I can  recall seeing, on a small television set, the planes striking the  towers in New York. First, we were confused: What is going on here that  a plane would strike a building? But when the second one took place, it  started to dawn on us that this was no longer an accident; it was by  design.   I can recall looking down the Mall toward the Washington Monument and  seeing black smoke billowing across the Mall. It took a few minutes to  establish what had happened, a plane had crashed into the Pentagon and  our Department of Defense, killing the innocent people on the plane and  in that building. What we were seeing was the smoke from the fire of  that crash.   It wasn't a few moments afterward that someone came to the door and  said: Evacuate. Leave the building.   I have been around Capitol Hill for a number of years. I had never  heard that before. But we all took it seriously, and we piled out onto  what was the lawn between here and the Supreme Court Building. And  people gathered. Tourists came up to me and said: Do you work here?   I said: Yes.   They said: Where are we supposed to go? It was a very fundamental  question because, at that point, we heard sonic booms from the jets  that were being scrambled to protect this building. We assumed it would  be the next target. And it might have been were it not for the courage  of the passengers and crew on that United Airlines flight that was  brought down in Pennsylvania before it could reach Washington, DC.   These are memories we all have and will carry for a lifetime of what  had happened 22 years ago.   Now, 22 years later, we are connected by sadness as we reflect on  2,977 lives lost at the World Trade Center in New York, the Pentagon in  Washington, and that field in Pennsylvania.   But we also remember the care for our communities and the common  purpose we found after that tragedy, after the attacks, as our Nation  sought to find light amidst the darkness. In our most divided moments,  we should look to that as a reminder that America, as a nation, is at  its best when we seek unity and humanity over separation and hate.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms.  Duckworth), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Ossoff), and the Senator from  California (Mr. Padilla) are necessarily absent.   