 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, 44 years ago last week, shock troops  chanting ``Death to America'' and ``Death to Israel'' led Iranian  revolutionaries across Tehran, overran the U.S. Embassy, and took 66  Americans hostage for 444 days. Iran's war against America, the ``Great  Satan,'' and Israel, the ``Little Satan,'' has continued ever since.  The regime has supported Shia terrorists, Sunni terrorists, and secular  terrorists. It has underwritten violence across the world, from the  1983 marine barracks bombing in Beirut, to the 1992 Israeli Embassy  bombing in Buenos Aires, to the 1996 Khobar Towers bombing in Saudi  Arabia, to hundreds of attacks, masterminded by Qasem Soleimani, on  U.S. forces in Iraq.   Tehran has invested its time and resources into cultivating the  terrorists of Hezbollah, Hamas, and Palestinian Islamic jihad. The  Iranian regime bears responsibility for their savagery. It is also  responsible for more than 100 attacks on U.S. personnel and interests  in Iraq and Syria just since President Biden took office. These attacks  have spiked since October 7.   Two weeks ago, an Iranian-made suicide drone hit a U.S. military  barracks in Iraq. Thankfully, the drone's explosive payload failed to  detonate. But the message it sent about the state of President Biden's  deterrence of the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism was as  clear as day.   In recent weeks, U.S. forces in Iraq and Syria have been targeted at  least another 38 times with lethal force, and more than 40  servicemembers have been injured. Let me say that again. Iran-backed  terrorists have attacked U.S. forces at least 38 times since October 7.   U.S. personnel are, of course, not the only targets of the Iranian  war on Western influence in the Middle East. America's Arab allies have  endured repeated attacks as well. This ongoing siege is not the  behavior of an adversary that is being effectively deterred.   How we got here is no mystery. When the Biden administration took  office, it rushed to restore a failed nuclear agreement with an Iranian  regime that had long since proven it wasn't to be trusted. When Iran- backed Houthi rebels killed three people at an airport in the UAE and  aimed two ballistic missiles at its capital last year, the  administration responded with silence.   In response to the latest wave of attacks on U.S. forces, the  President authorized a strike on an ammunition facility. His Secretary  of State felt compelled to reiterate that ``we are not looking for  conflict with Iran.'' Clearly, Iran is looking for conflict with us.  The Iranian regime is working hard to kill Americans, undermine our  influence, and sow chaos among our allies, and so far, you would have  to say they are succeeding.   Hamas and Palestinian Islamic jihad perpetrated the deadliest day of  violence against Jews since the Holocaust. Hezbollah stands ready, at  Iran's behest, to escalate this conflict into a two-front war. Years of  careful progress toward normalized relations between Israel and more of  its Arab neighbors has been stalled.   Demanding that Israel cease fire against Hamas would lock in these  [[Page S5373]]  gains for Iran. It would grant amnesty for both the terrorists and  their sponsors. We have a responsibility to reject these demands not  just on behalf of our ally Israel but because amnesty for terrorists  would embolden the Iran-backed threats to U.S. interests in the region.   As I have said before, effective deterrence requires both  capabilities and credibility. It requires that a global superpower  actually act like one. In practical terms, deterring Iran and its  web of terrorists means meeting attacks on U.S. personnel in Iraq and  Syria with swift, lethal, and overwhelming military force. It means  working with allies to deploy crippling economic sanctions and inhibit  Iran's support for terror. It means finally taking the advice I offered  President Biden when he took office: Set aside the failed nuclear deal;  work with Republicans; and build an Iran policy that can endure long  after he leaves office.   