 Mr. Speaker, this week, our House Armed Services  Committee is continuing the critical process of crafting the National  Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024.   This important piece of legislation will give our servicemen and  servicewomen the resources they need to protect our national security.  That is particularly important to my district.   I represent five major military installations: the Naval Weapons  Center at China Lake, Edwards Air Force Base, the Air Ground Combat  Center in Twentynine Palms, the Army's National Training Center at Fort  Irwin, and the Marine Corps Logistics Base at Barstow. These five bases  are unique because they are classified by the Department of Defense as  remote or isolated.   Service for our servicemen and servicewomen in uniform is  particularly difficult at remote or isolated bases because they are  located so far away from urban centers of population. That is why we  rely on an army of civilian contractors to provide the services that we  need to house our men and women in uniform at these bases.   These civilian contractors provide services such as teaching their  children, preparing their food, cleaning their barracks, and providing  them with the medical care that they need.    Unfortunately, reports by the Department of Defense indicate that all  43 of the remote or isolated bases in the United States suffer from  severe shortages of the civilian contractors needed to provide these  services.   That is why, in committee today, I offered an amendment to the  National Defense Authorization Act that requires the Comptroller  General to conduct a study quantifying the scope of this problem and to  make recommendations to the Department of Defense as to how to better  incentivize civilian contractors to serve our military men and women at  these remote bases.   I am delighted that my amendment was unanimously adopted in committee  today, and I am looking forward to working with my colleagues on the  House floor and my colleagues in the Senate to ensure that it is  included in the NDAA this year.   I thank all of our colleagues on the House Armed Services Committee  for their hard work on this issue and for their work protecting our men  and women in uniform.   