 Mr. President, I thank Senator Manchin. We have  collaborated on quite a number of things together. It has been a great  experience and a joy for me. I thank Leader Schumer for beginning this  process and making sure that we reach a favorable and bipartisan  conclusion.   This is not the biggest thing going on in Washington today. It is not  even one of the biggest things going on in Washington today.  Nonetheless, it is a good thing. It is another example of Republicans  and Democrats being able to work together and solve, in this case, what  may not be a really big problem but what is an important thing that  makes a difference to a lot of people.   I have been thinking about the extraordinary Founders of our country  and the leaders in the early days who decided to build this building. I  mean, George Washington approved this building. In the years that  followed, huge sacrifices were made. They could have built a building  that looked like a Walmart, with La-Z-Boy chairs. Instead, they built  this extraordinary edifice with columns and marble. Why did they do  that? Why make that huge investment? For one, I think it was to show  the respect and admiration that we have for the institution of the  Government of the United States of America. This was at a time when we  were an agricultural society. Yet they made this enormous sacrifice and  built this amazing edifice.   I think it is in keeping with that spirit that we say we want those  who serve inside this room, in this Hall, to show a level of dignity  and respect which is consistent with the sacrifice they made and with  the beauty of the surroundings.   So I appreciate the effort that Senator Manchin has led and that  Senator Schumer has put on the floor this evening such that we might be  able to proceed and codify what has been a longstanding practice of  showing our admiration and respect for the institution in which we  serve, the very building in which we are able to serve it,  [[Page S4717]]  and our respect for the people whom we represent.   