 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to celebrate the  confirmation of four qualified, exemplary public servants who will now  serve as district court judges in California.   One month ago, we celebrated a landmark achievement of the Biden  Presidency: 100 Federal judges confirmed by the Senate. That is worthy  of being celebrated by all Americans because, from the moment President  Biden entered office, he set out to nominate candidates with a diverse  range of legal and life experience. We sought to work together to build  a Federal bench that looks like the America that it serves.   With the confirmations of Judge Daniel Calabretta, Ms. Araceli  Martinez-Olguin, Judge James Simmons, Jr., and Judge Andrew Schopler,  we are once again fulfilling that commitment and putting forth the best  of the great State of California and the best that our country has to  offer.   Now, earlier this year, we confirmed Judge Daniel Calabretta to the  U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of California. Judge  Calabretta is an exceptional nominee with the qualifications to serve  in the Eastern District with distinction. He earned his B.A. from  Princeton University and his J.D. from the University of Chicago Law  School.   Since then, his nearly two-decade legal career has been defined by a  commitment to serving the public's interests. Before he was appointed  to the California Superior Court in 2019, his career spanned from the  California Department of Justice to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the  Ninth Circuit, and from Sacramento, CA, to the Supreme Court. In each  and every role, he has demonstrated a keen legal mind and a clear  commitment to justice.   But beyond his exceptional legal credentials, he brings a valuable  diversity of life experience to the Eastern District, a court with one  of the highest average per-judge workloads in the country.   Judge Calabretta's confirmation makes him the first openly gay man to  serve on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of  California, bringing a voice and experience not yet represented in such  a role. But I am confident, with his experience, his acumen, and his  judgments, that he will be a tremendous asset for the millions of  people that he will now serve.   Now, 2 weeks ago, this body confirmed Araceli Martinez-Olguin to  serve on the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of  California. Born in Mexico City but raised in Northern California, Ms.  Martinez-Olguin received her bachelor's degree from Princeton  University. She then returned home to California to work as a  kindergarten teacher before attending the UC Berkeley School of Law.   She spent her career representing those who all too often are  overlooked by the legal system: immigrants, low-income women, and women  of color. Ms. Martinez-Olguin has experience at community legal service  organizations, as well as the Department of Education and the National  Immigration Law Center.   She has litigated at every level of our Federal courts in States  across the country and has established herself as a respected leader  and expert in the legal community. Her commitment to fighting for the  greater good, her decency, and her experience will serve the Northern  District well, and I thank my colleagues for supporting her nomination.   Now, just last week, we confirmed Judge James Simmons, Jr., to the  U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. Born in  Inglewood, CA, Judge Simmons was raised by a single mother in the proud  working-class and very diverse community of South Los Angeles.   Judge Simmons was the first person in his family to graduate from  college when he earned his undergraduate degree from UC Berkeley and  then, later, his J.D. from Golden Gate University School of Law.   Soon after, he became a deputy city attorney in San Diego before  working his way up to serve as a deputy district attorney for San Diego  County for over a decade. In 2017, Judge Simmons was appointed to the  Superior Court of California for San Diego County.   Looking back, in my conversation with him, I had the opportunity to  ask him a specific question: why he wanted to become a prosecutor as  opposed to working with defendants. And Judge Simmons very articulately  said, well,  [[Page S793]]  it is because that is where he could do the most good. And he explained  why. He felt it was important for people like him to bring their  experiences and backgrounds to the role of prosecutor, someone with an  understanding for defendants with backgrounds similar to his own. Now  Judge Simmons will bring his good work to the U.S. District Court for  the Southern District of California.    Finally, just last week, we also confirmed Judge Andrew Schopler to  the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. Judge  Schopler earned his undergraduate degree from Dartmouth College and his  J.D. from Harvard Law School. He then briefly worked as a public  defender before joining a criminal defense law firm.   In 2004, he earned his spot as an assistant U.S. attorney in the  Southern District of California, where he served until 2016, eventually  rising to the position of deputy section chief of the Major Frauds and  Special Prosecutions Unit. Given his exemplary work ethic, he was then  selected to serve as magistrate judge in the Southern District.   But his service to our country extends beyond the bench. In 2014, at  the age of 43, Judge Schopler chose to join the California National  Guard as a judge advocate. He worked to obtain an age and medical  waiver to serve. In 2018, he deployed to Afghanistan as part of  Operation Freedom's Sentinel. He earned the Bronze Star for his service  and was promoted to the rank of major.   He has committed his career to protecting our freedoms truly, at home  and abroad, and I am proud this body came together to support his  confirmation.   I am so grateful for all four of these newly confirmed judges'  willingness to serve our country, and I know California and the country  will be a stronger, more just place because of them and because of  their service.   With that, I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   