 Mr. Chair, as is often said in this Chamber, I didn't  anticipate debating, but as I sit on the floor listening to some of the  things coming from the Democrats about this bill, a lot of it is just  simply not true.   The Democrats are accusing us of providing funds and slush funds to  Big Oil, but in the very Inflation Reduction Act that they passed last  Congress--on a partisan basis, mind you--there is $20 billion in that  bill that goes to the green energy--I don't know--environment slush  fund. The EPA is already saying, Mr. Chair, that that $20 billion is  being basically earmarked for a handful of special interests that the  American people have no idea about.   The Democrats want to lecture us about making sure that we stop the  polluters, but their own energy plan actually empowers the biggest  polluter on the planet, and that is China. It is China that mines all  the minerals for electric batteries, and China does not care about  emission standards.    The Democrats have no problem empowering China when it comes to  mineral production. They have no problem empowering China when it comes  to oil production. They just want to limit it here in the United  States.   This is the same backward thinking that the Europeans have realized  in the face of Putin's aggression in Ukraine. It was all good to let  Russia drill as long as Europe didn't drill.   Mr. Chair, that does not work when it comes to energy production.  H.R. 1 brings common sense back to America's energy matrix. It is an  all-of-the-above strategy.   Listen, I am a Member who has some issues, but I am voting for the  legislation because it is far more important to put America in first  position when it comes to energy exploration on the globe, as opposed  to funding these Green New Deal think tanks and these Green New Deal  energy consortiums that haven't proven that they can deliver baseload  power to address the needs of the American people.   We have an energy problem. That is true. Our energy problem starts  first with having cheap and readily available energy for poor  Americans, middle-income Americans, small business owners, medium-sized  business owners, and, yes, even the people who are wealthy among us.   Our economy thrives with a robust energy matrix, not one divided up  based upon special interests from the left. That does not work. What  works is actually using tried and true energy production standards.   By the way, when we drill for natural gas and explore for natural gas  and oil here in America, we do it cleaner than anywhere else on the  globe. We do it better than anywhere else on the globe, so much so that  people want to import it from us.  [[Page H1564]]    That sounds like a quality plan for America, not the dogma from the  Democrats.   I have been hearing the talking points all week. Polluters over  people? That is a joke. The only people who are putting interests over  people are the Democrats with their faulty energy policy. It must stop.   We have to put Americans first. Support H.R. 1.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the time and the effort here.   In an effort to ultimately streamline the regulatory approval  timeline, my amendment requires the implementation of a study that  explores the licensing and permitting process of other energy sources  under the Department of Energy's jurisdiction.   By studying the licensing procedures of various energy sources, we  can streamline the regulatory process overall by cutting down  unnecessary red tape.   My amendment seeks to optimize American power production, create a  sense of ease and standardization in the regulatory maze surrounding  various energy sources and examine other regulatory procedures to  safely expedite the approval timeline.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of this amendment. What  this amendment really does is it requires a study on America's current  uranium supply, specifically looking into the status of and the quality  of such domestic uranium deposits, and it seeks policy solutions  relating to America's domestic uranium challenges.   My amendment also requires analysis of America's supply in comparison  to other countries around the globe.   In short, Madam Chair, if you are going to embrace nuclear power in  the United States, we also have to understand what our uranium needs  are. We have to be able to assess them, and that is what the nature of  my amendment does.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Self)  to talk about this amendment, as well.    Madam Chair, it is important for us to understand that  there are two key investments that America is going to need to make.  One is increasing our domestic uranium mining capabilities, and number  two is bolstering our domestic uranium conversion and enrichment  capabilities.   If the concern of the United States is to find a way to increase  baseload power, and also the necessary concern about emissions, then  nuclear power is the path forward for that. We have to take stock of  our uranium capabilities here in the United States.   Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman),  the chair of the Natural Resources Committee.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for his  concerns, and that is something I definitely want to work on as we move  forward.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   