 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we will be voting about 5:30, about 30  minutes from now, to end debate and tomorrow have some amendments, then  go to final passage on legislation to repeal the authorization to use  military force for 2002 directed against Iraq and Saddam Hussein.   The problem I have with what we are doing is that we are repealing  the authorization to use military force because Saddam is dead and that  threat is gone, but we are not replacing it with an authorization that  our troops desperately need, which is to create an AUMF to allow our  military to go after Shiite militias that are attacking them routinely  inside of Iraq. There have been over 78 attacks since 2021 directed at  U.S. forces by different groups, mostly Shiite militias controlled by  Iran, in Iraq and Syria. A couple days ago, there was an attack on an  American base in Syria. An American contractor was killed. God bless  him and his family. And we retaliated, and they retaliated back. The  bottom line is that our response to aggression against U.S. forces in  Iraq and Syria is woefully inadequate. Seventy-something attacks since  2021. Clearly, nobody feels afraid to attack our troops over there, and  we need to create some deterrence that we don't have today.    So I had an amendment that failed that would allow authorization to  use military force to exist where the Congress blesses the use of  military force against Shiite militias that are operating in Iraq  because they are a threat to about 2,500 troops that we have stationed  in Iraq.   The forces in Syria--about 900--are there to finish the counter-ISIS  mission, and I hear people, particularly on my side, say that we  shouldn't be in Syria.   You know, doing the same thing over and over again expecting a  different result is insanity. The last time we pulled all of our forces  out of Iraq, it was President Obama with the support of then-Vice  President Biden, the ISIS JV team became the varsity team. They took  over great parts of Syria and Iraq. They destroyed the city of Mosul.  They set up shop in Raqqa, Syria, and they launched attacks from Syria,  ISIS directed, at United States and Europe throughout the world,  killing thousands of people.   President Trump authorized our military to take down the caliphate.  And this idea that if you leave, they won't come back is stupid. You  know nothing if you believe that. You may be tired of fighting radical  Islam. They are not tired of fighting you. I would rather fight in  their backyard than ours. They are going to destroy us if we don't  destroy them.  [[Page S948]]    Here is the good news. They are on the run. As long as we keep some  of our forces in place, working with people in Syria and Iraq who do  not want to live under ISIS rule, we will be relatively safe. If you  pull all the troops out, you are going to get the same outcome. People  who keep arguing this, you really are doing a great disservice to the  country, and your arguments make zero sense. You don't understand the  enemy. You have no idea what this war is about.   This is a religious struggle. They have declared war on every faith  but their own. They want to purify Islam in their own image--ISIS and  al-Qaida. They want to destroy the State of Israel and eventually come  after us. Leaving them alone doesn't guarantee you much. In 2001,  before 9/11, we didn't have one soldier in Afghanistan. We didn't even  have an embassy. We totally abandoned Afghanistan, and the attack  against our country on 9/11 originated in Afghanistan.   When will you learn that these people are out to get you? And when I  say ``you,'' I mean Americans. Anybody who believes in diversity in  faith, they have a world view that has no place for you. The good news  is most people in the Mideast are not buying what they are selling, but  they are very lethal and dangerous left unattended.   Now, when you create the right mix of U.S. forces and local forces,  you pretty well keep them on the run and keep them at bay. So to those  who suggest we shouldn't be in Syria with 900 U.S. forces to prevent  ISIS from coming back, you are setting the stage for a reemergence of  ISIS, and once is enough, folks.   They destroyed the Yazidi population, raped women by the thousands  and created carnage all over Syria and Iraq and projected attacks  against American Western allies from a safe haven in Raqqa, Syria.   Now, the theory of the case here is that we as Congress need to take  back authority, and this authorization to use force no longer needs to  be in place because the war against Saddam Hussein is over. We can  argue about Iraq being a good idea or a bad idea. We did have bad  intelligence. But here is what I would say 20 years later. Saddam being  dead is a good thing, from my point of view, because he was a thug and  a dictator on steroids. And the people of Iraq are on their second or  third election. It has been messy, but they are moving in the right  direction. And we have 2,500 troops back in Iraq to make sure ISIS  doesn't come back and destabilize the region and try to have some  influence against the Iranians.   So if you want to repeal the AUMF, I think you owe it to the troops  to follow it with something. So the people who want to do this say:  Article II, which is the inherent authority of the Commander in Chief,  allows President Biden to protect our troops in Iraq. There is truth to  that. But the whole idea is for us as a Congress to have a say in  foreign policy and not sort of give a blank check. So if you want to  cancel the check to go after Saddam because he is not around, I think  you owe it to the troops to lend your voice because the enemy sees this  as retreat.   No matter what you want the enemy to believe about what is going on  here, all they understand is the American Congress is making a step to  get out of Iraq, and that is good news for them.   After Afghanistan--the disaster there--don't you think we should be  more clear in our thought?   The Biden administration was wrong to take troops out of Afghanistan.  They are right to have troops in Iraq and Syria, but the Congress is  trying to be a bit hypocritical here. We want to cancel one  authorization to use force, and we don't have the courage, apparently,  politically, to say the military has our approval, as a Congress  working with the President, to go after Shiite militias that are  killing our forces in Iraq and attacking them regularly.   What does Iran want?   Now, this is not an authorization to go after the Iranian regime. It  is an authorization to protect American forces in Iraq from attacks in  Iraq coming from Shiite militias loyal to Iran.   What are they trying to achieve?   They want to drive us out. If the 900 troops left Syria tomorrow,  Assad would eventually conquer what is left of Syria and ISIS would  fill that vacuum and you would have a conflict with Turkey and the  Kurds. And all the people--our chairman of the Armed Services Committee  is a very smart guy and a very great friend--all the Kurds who fought  with us, they would be wiped out.   So I am glad the Biden administration is going to stay in Syria  because we need those troops to keep ISIS from coming back and to work  with our Kurdish partners.   But when it comes to Iraq, they are trying to drive us out because  Iran wants us out of Syria so their buddy Assad can run the place. They  want us out of Iraq so the Shiite radical elements in Iraq can topple  the Iraqi Government, and the Shiite militias would take authority away  from the Iraqi Army, and they will have influence over Iraq and Syria.   It is not in America's interest to allow the Ayatollah in Iran to  have more influence and more spaces to govern and more oil to generate  revenue from. So if you don't get that, you are not really following  what is going on.   So no matter what you say about article II, I hate to tell you, ISIS  probably doesn't follow our Constitution that closely. The best thing  we could do, if you want to repeal the 2002 AUMF that was generated to  get rid of Saddam, replace it with something new--an authorization to  use force to protect our troops that we all agree or most of us agree  should be in Iraq to protect America from attacks from Shiite militias.  That amendment was rejected.   Here is what you are doing. You are sending a signal by doing this  that we are leaving, we are withdrawing, and that we don't have the  will as a nation to see this thing through. There is nothing good comes  from this. You are openly admitting the President has authority to use  force to protect our troops, but you are not going to lend your voice  to that cause, and I don't understand that.   If the Congress, working with the President, said: No matter who is  President, you have the ability to use military force to protect our  troops against Shiite militias in Iraq, that would make us stronger.  The enemy would understand it better. Our allies would understand it  more clearly. And they have got to be wondering, What the hell is going  on here?   So the bottom line is, you are setting in motion, by not replacing  the AUMF with something specific to Shiite militias that are attacking  our troops regularly--you are setting in motion more danger for those  in Iraq and eventually Syria.   And I don't question your patriotism. I do question our judgment as a  body. This is a very ill-conceived idea. It is going to juice up the  enemy. It is going to confuse our allies. And it could be easily fixed,  but we choose not to.   I don't know what the political environment is in America today, but  the idea that the war is over with radical Islam is insane. I have  listened to people--some on my side--come down here and want to repeal  the authorization to go after al-Qaida and affiliated groups after 9/ 11. General Kurilla, the CENTCOM commander in charge of the region,  said, last week, because of our withdrawal from Afghanistan, ISIS in  Afghanistan has the ability to strike us in this country within 6  months without warning.   So can you imagine the damage to be done to national security  interests if we repeal the 2001 AUMF?   So I will close with this. While I understand theoretically why we  want to replace--get rid of the 2002 AUMF because Saddam is gone, I  don't understand why we are leaving this vacuum and this doubt. This is  easily fixed.   You are creating a narrative that is going to come back to haunt us.  You think it is an accident within 2 days of introducing this idea that  they hit us in Syria again? They are going to test us.   And here is what I think. The Biden administration is doing a lousy  job, quite frankly, of instilling fear in the enemy. Whether you like  Trump or not, people were afraid of him. And there is no fear. And here  is what I would like to have established: Working with the  administration, not against them, to send a clear signal: You kill  Americans at your own peril. We are not leaving. We are not going to  let radical Islam come back and do it all over again.   So I will be voting no. This is one of the most ill-conceived ideas  after 9/11.  [[Page S949]]    I yield the floor.   