 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the same class,  the ranking member, for yielding time.   Mr. Speaker, House Republicans are manufacturing a crisis to justify  cruel cuts that will raise costs for American families, kick millions  of people off their health insurance, and reverse the historic progress  we have made in combating the worsening climate crisis.   The Republicans' default on America act cuts $100 billion from  Medicaid, which will have devastating consequences on every  beneficiary, provider, and plan.   The Republicans' Medicaid work requirements are about one thing;  stripping healthcare away from vulnerable people.   The majority of adults on Medicaid are already working, oftentimes in  part-time jobs that do not offer healthcare coverage.   Those who are not are often dealing with caregiving responsibilities,  physical or mental health issues, or experiencing other barriers to  employment.   These Republican cuts are not about jobs. They are a Trojan horse  intended to use red tape and onerous paperwork to kick millions of  people off their health insurance simply because Republicans have  always opposed Medicaid.   Republicans also oppose our efforts to outcompete the world in the  transition to a clean energy economy. The default on America act  continues the Republicans' polluters over people agenda.   The bill repeals key climate provisions that Democrats delivered with  the Inflation Reduction Act last year that are already making a huge  difference in the clean energy transition.   Since its passage, we have seen about $28 billion in new domestic  manufacturing investments. Companies have  [[Page H2034]]  announced $242 billion in new clean power capital investments, and more  than 142,000 clean energy jobs have been created across this Nation.   These are impressive results in less than a year, and yet, House  Republicans now want to reverse this progress with a grab bag of Big  Oil giveaways and loopholes.   Mr. Speaker, this is a dangerous bill that is going to strip  healthcare away from millions of Americans and undermine our efforts to  combat the worst in climate crisis. I strongly urge my colleagues to  vote ``no.''   