 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this 2024 National Defense  Authorization Act.   As chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee, I have focused our efforts  on ensuring the Department of Defense is ready to fight around the  world, especially in the Pacific, by improving its maintenance,  improving its logistics, and the availability of our defense assets.   This bill moves us in the right direction. As Representative  Gallagher and others have said, we are witnessing the largest military  buildup in China since we saw in Germany in the 1930s, particularly  with their Navy, as they head toward 500 ships and we shrink to under  300.   This bill instills accountability for the Navy, especially for its  lagging availabilities in its amphibious warships and attack submarine  fleets. Mr. Chairman, 18 of the Navy's 49 attack submarines are in  maintenance right now as we speak. This is the lowest number of ready  attack submarines since 2008, and it is unacceptable.   Believe it or not, Mr. Chair, our bases in Europe have been reliant  on Russian energy. This bill mandates the Department eliminate that  reliance on Russian energy for all our installations in the European  Command, and this bill directs a report on foreign control and  influence over the supply chain for critical minerals and metals used  for defense technologies.    Mr. Chairman, importantly, this bill moves our military back toward  being a meritocracy focused on lethality and winning our Nation's wars.  Our enemies' bullets do not care about race, religion, or socioeconomic  background, and neither should we.  [[Page H3240]]    I am proud that this bill includes my provisions to combat divisive  ideologies in the Department. This defense bill contains my language  requiring the Department to report to Congress on the total cost of  this extremism training, and it also includes my amendment to prohibit  critical race theory.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I thank my  friend, Ranking Member Garamendi, for his partnership.   