 Madam Speaker, let me say to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania that nobody has been tougher on China than yours truly  here. I take a back seat to no one, and I don't want to be lectured.   Madam Speaker, I wasn't going to speak on this rule today, but I feel  compelled to say something because I see a pattern developing that I  think needs to be called out. It needs to be called out, plain and  simple.   They are taking their awful appropriations bills on agriculture and  foreign policy, and now energy and water and the legislative branch,  and as the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania pointed out, they all have  these deep cuts, and then they are loading them up with MAGA culture  war crap. I think people ought to understand in plain terms what they  are doing.   Let's focus on some specifics.   They say it is about woke Democrats this and woke Democrats that. I  mean, give me a break. They want to get rid of an office here on  Capitol Hill that promotes staff diversity and inclusion. Who wants  less diversity? If you want everyone here to look the same, just say  so.   They want to make it illegal to put up a Pride flag next to a U.S.  flag, by the way, at an embassy during Pride Month. That is woke? What  is wrong with them?   In one of these bills, they want to make it so that you can use  taxpayer money to fire people for being gay. I mean, really? I mean,  with all the problems in the world, this is what they focus on? This is  what keeps them awake at night?   This is nuts. This isn't about religious freedom. This is about  giving people freedom to discriminate. If they want to be bigoted, so  be it, but don't use the United States Government and taxpayer dollars  to reinforce and spread your backward views.   The reason I wanted to come down here is that this isn't just about  politics. Hate crimes against the LGBTQ community are going up. My  colleagues come to the floor not only failing to denounce that but  advancing ideas which signal to people that it is okay to discriminate,  that it is okay to hate. It is sick.   I get it. This is popular in the extreme MAGA world, but I thought  there were some moderate voices on the other side that might find this  as offensive as I do. I guess I am wrong because Republicans continue  to blindly come down here and support these hateful policies and vote  for them time after time.   I hope that the next Speaker, whoever that may be--maybe we will find  out today--will do a better job of preventing this garbage from coming  to the floor, but looking at the Republican Party in 2023, I won't hold  my breath.   