 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment affirms that minority and low- income communities disproportionately bear the costs of climate change.   If this misguided bill were to become law, the increased emissions  from oil and gas drilling would increase greenhouse gas emissions,  further exacerbating climate change. Most of the impact would fall on  these vulnerable communities.   This is something we know all too well in my district. In Newark,  minority communities have been dealing with runoff, waste, and  pollution for over a century.   In 2021, EPA scientists confirmed that minorities are 40 percent more  likely to live in areas with extreme temperature-related deaths and 34  percent more likely to live in areas with high concentrations of  childhood asthma.   Extreme weather events also threaten these communities. Black  Americans are 10 percent more likely to live in inland floodplains.  Latinos are 43 percent more likely to work in industries vulnerable to  heat-related deaths, and low-income Americans are projected to  experience a 7 percent increase in premature deaths due to global  warming.   The dangers of extreme weather were made clear for my district during  the Tropical Storm Ida floods in 2021. It was the poorest communities  in my district that experienced the worst damages from the floods that  filled people's homes and apartments. That is why this amendment is  necessary.   We know that more drilling increases greenhouse gas emissions. We  know that more greenhouse gas emissions exacerbates global warming; and  we know that negative impacts of this will continue to fall on minority  and low-income communities.   My amendment simply reaffirms what we already know and ensures that  everyone who votes for this bill also says publicly that they know they  are voting for more pollution for the most vulnerable communities in  our Nation.   I urge all Members to support this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   