 Mr. Speaker, I have amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this  amendment.   During police week, across this Nation, we have taken an opportunity  to remember and to reflect upon men and women who have paid and made  the ultimate sacrifice while protecting their community.   Throughout this week, I shared it with colleagues, not only  colleagues from the House of Representatives, but colleagues from law  enforcement agencies throughout this Nation. We shared time at the Law  Enforcement Officers Memorial. One of the most striking parts of that  beautiful memorial is an inscription under a lion that says: ``It is  not how these individuals died that made them heroes it is how they  lived.'' This amendment recognizes the bravery and the courage of those  men and women who are living in law enforcement.   As a retired NYPD detective, I understand the bravery and courage it  takes to be a law enforcement officer. I have seen the dangers  firsthand and know the struggles officers must overcome every day they  suit up, put their bulletproof vest on, pin their shield to their  chest, and head out to stand the line between good and evil.   It is critical for local law enforcement officers to have rights and  protections as they work to keep our communities safe, such as the  right to self-defense against physical threats, the right to be  protected from physical harassment targeting law enforcement, the right  to equipment necessary for personal protection and legal recourse if a  civilian attempts to assault them.   My amendment works to ensure law enforcement officials have fair  administration of justice during investigations and encourages States  to adopt their own bill of rights to support the brave men and women of  law enforcement.   As members of our law enforcement community put their lives on the  line to protect our communities each and every day, I encourage all of  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to show them unwavering  support and vote ``yes'' on my amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Nadler, the correct pronunciation of my last name  is D'Esposito. Thank you.   The reason why this amendment is on the floor is because members of  the party on the opposite side of the aisle have made it a popular  decision to target law enforcement, to make their jobs more difficult,  to legitimately take the handcuffs that are on their gun belt and use  them on the cop so  [[Page H2440]]  they can't do their job. That is why this amendment is important.    It is important to honor law enforcement. It is important to  recognize law enforcement. This is very simple. It is a bill of rights.  It is giving them the ability to do the job that they took an oath to  do. They rose their right hand, they swore on a Bible to protect, to  serve, to go out each and every day and stand that line that I  mentioned between good and evil.   The fact that any Member of this House of Representatives who claims  to support law enforcement, who likes to put those tweets of thoughts  and prayers, God forbid, when a member of law enforcement loses their  life. Thoughts and prayers when an officer gets killed is not enough.  What we need to do is supply them with a bill of rights. What we need  to do is to implore States to do the same.   That is why I am asking all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to do the right thing. Today is about supporting law enforcement.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   