 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas for  letting me be part of this conversation today.   Madam Speaker, as you understand, I rise in support of S.J. Res. 24,  which is an effort to disapprove the endangered listing of the northern  long-eared bat by the Fish and Wildlife Service.   As you just heard, I am chairman of the Western Caucus, and I can  tell you that I know firsthand how radical environmental groups will,  unfortunately, weaponize the Endangered Species Act in an attempt to  end development of resources in our country and prevent responsible  forest management. This is just beyond the pale that these groups will  do that, impacting communities around our country.   The northern long-eared bat exists in 37 States in the United States,  ranging from eastern Montana, all the way to South Carolina and up to  the State of Maine.   Last year, at the urging of some of these groups, Fish and Wildlife  uplisted the bat from threatened to endangered. But as you have heard,  the decline is not due to any human activity. It is, rather, an  incurable fungal disease known as White-Nose Syndrome.   Even the Fish and Wildlife Service themselves, in the uplisting,  stated that the White-Nose Syndrome is the main threat to the bat,  meaning that the endangered status will do little, if anything, to  recover the population.   Instead, what I will bet will happen, you can rest assured will  happen, forest management will be further restricted.   Infrastructure projects, as the chairman mentioned, solar farms, wind  farms, all kinds of infrastructure projects on both public as well as  private lands, will be hampered, slowed, or even stopped with  additional, unnecessary and burdensome regulations.   This administration continues to ignore our Nation's farmers,  ranchers, and landowners in favor of these radical groups. So this  resolution, I think, is critical to preventing government overreach,  and I will continue to push for commonsense reform to the Endangered  Species Act alongside my colleagues on our ESA working group.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this CRA.   