 Madam President, communications and technology are at the  forefront of policy today. From protecting consumers to establishing  competitive and open markets to using spectrum and fiber to close the  digital divide, the Federal Communications Commission is the expert  Agency to establish regulations, policy, and recommendations to  Congress.   Before us today is a genuine and passionate public servant. Anna  Gomez has proven herself to be a prominent leader in technology and  telecommunications, and I urge my colleagues to support her  confirmation.   Ms. Gomez is more than ready to assume her next role in public  service as our fifth and final FCC Commissioner. As I often say, folks  know the difference between fast internet, slow internet, and no  internet. I rise today before my colleagues to voice my support for a  deeply qualified person who knows the difference between fast internet,  slow internet, and no internet. She has the experience to bridge those  divides.   Today, one in five families in New Mexico are living without a  reliable connection to the internet. Ms. Gomez has worked on bringing  more reliable and affordable ways to connect Americans to the internet  almost as long as the term ``digital divide'' has been around. I was a  strong advocate for the President to nominate Anna, and her reception  here in the Senate is proof that she is the right choice. Anna's  professional record is impeccable, and her path is an inspiration.   During her confirmation hearing, Ms. Gomez shared her story of  scraping, borrowing, and working her way through college and through  law school. Beyond law school, Ms. Gomez's experience in the White  House, the State Department, the U.S. Senate, the National  Telecommunications and Information Administration, and the FCC shows us  all that she is not afraid to roll up her sleeves and get to work.   I am confident that with her issue-oriented experience at every level  of the congressionally mandated responsibilities of the FCC, she will  be ready on day one. Protecting the public interest and advancing  universal service for broadband and broadcast services is a passion for  Ms. Gomez.   Anna's voice as the first Latina to serve on the Commission since my  fellow New Mexican, Gloria Tristani, is very welcomed. I know that many  of my colleagues here know that numbing sense of fear one can have when  your constituents are in the midst of danger from a wildfire or a  hurricane or a flood, with no way to reach them. Having reliable access  to broadband connectivity during an emergency can mean the difference  between someone coming home or not.   Anna Gomez has worked on securing reliable communication access for  our first responders all across the country. As we continue to  encounter more and more climate disasters, these efforts made by Ms.  Gomez will continue to play a critical role.   Moreover, the Federal Communications Commission has never been more  important in our Nation's history. These technologies have proven their  value and demonstrated huge potential. However, the complexities of  these ever-evolving technological wonders are multifaceted,  intersectional, and complex.   Americans need the force of a fully appointed Federal Communications  Commission to protect consumers, to guarantee competition, and foster  innovation. The mission and work of the FCC has never been more  important to the future of our Nation.   Anna Gomez will play a pivotal role in setting the course for our  country into the next digital generation. I urge my colleagues to work  together to bridge these digital divides; and today,  [[Page S4254]]  I urge you to vote yes on the confirmation of Anna Gomez to be a  Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission.   I yield the floor.   