 Madam President, I rise today to give tribute to a great  American, a great Texan, a great friend, and a 24-year veteran of this  institution who has dedicated his career to serving the needs of his  fellow citizens. His name is Jason Fuller, and he has served as my  regional director in the southeastern part of Texas, including my home  city of Houston, for the last 5 years. He is now retiring and moving on  to the private sector.   Jason is a native Texan. Born in Corpus Christi, he graduated from  the University of Houston, where he served as student body president.  He is a proud Houston Cougar.   Jason started working in the Senate in late 1994, after working on my  predecessor Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison's 1994 campaign for a full  term in the Senate. At the time, Jason said he was only going to come  to DC for 2 years, work for Senator Hutchison, and move on. He ended up  working in the Senate for 19 years. During that time, he served as  Senator Hutchison's personal aide, until 1997, when he moved back home  to Texas and worked for her regional office in Houston. He eventually  became regional director and served in that role until Senator  Hutchison left office in 2013.   In 2018, Jason heard the call to once again serve his fellow Texans,  so he came on board as my regional director of southeastern Texas. His  region stretches from the Texas-Louisiana border down south towards  Victoria and all the way to the upper Texas gulf coast.   Jason hates to be on the sidelines, and he is always eager to help  others in a crisis. When Hurricane Katrina happened and everything was  chaos, Jason had 12 people, 6 dogs, and 3 cats squeezed into his  downtown residence. He helped out in the shelters in the aftermath of  Hurricane Harvey. When the Santa Fe shooting horrifically happened in  May of 2018, Jason was there to lend a helping hand to the victims and  their families, as well as to law enforcement. Many of those people  became his personal friends.   When Jason is not helping his fellow Texans, he likes to travel to  some of the most exotic and hard-to-get-to places on the planet. When  Jason is getting ready for a trip, he spins the globe and sees where  his finger lands. He has been to Iraq, China, Russia--anywhere that is  going to give my State director and national security advisor  heartburn.   He has often helped people in stressful situations, navigating the  leviathan of Big Government on behalf of fellow Texans in their time of  need. He has taken the time to connect with them personally and to  listen as a friend listens.   In the coming days, Jason will start his new job in the private  sector. We will miss him greatly, but we wish him well. The Senate, the  people of Texas, and the thousands of people and families he has helped  over the course of 24 years of service will miss him too.   Thank you, Jason, for your hard work, your determination, your  passion, and your patriotism. God bless you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   