 Madam President, when most people talk about the fentanyl  crisis crippling our communities today, they talk the numbers. And the  numbers are very powerful.   In 2022, synthetic opioids like deadly fentanyl claimed over 75,000  lives in our country. In fact, it is estimated that over 150 people die  every day from overdoses related to the synthetic opioids, the most  common one being fentanyl.   But today, what I really want to tell you about is one person. I want  to tell you about Reilly Schrapps from Butte, MT. Reilly was born  November 6, 1997. We have four children. Our youngest of four was born  in 1996. This all hits way too close to home.   You see, Reilly loved his mother and his father, Tom. Incidentally,  Tom was my guest at the State of the Union Address earlier this year.  His stepmother, his brother, his stepsiblings, their family's two dogs,  were all loved by Tom. In fact, according to those who knew him best,  Reilly was an avid fisherman, he was a sportsman--so much like most  Montanans--and he spent his free time enjoying the great outdoors in  Montana with family and friends, floating the Big Hole, skiing  Discovery, and camping Canyon Ferry.   Reilly was also an artist. He enjoyed all these things and more until  July 30 of 2022, the day Reilly died taking a pill laced with fentanyl.  Reilly was in Montana when this happened. He was just 24 years old.   Reilly lives on in the stories that families and friends tell about  him. But that shouldn't be the case. Reilly should be alive today.   Fentanyl overdoses quickly became the leading cause of death for 18-  to 45-year-olds in our country. It is a fast-acting poison--50 times  more powerful than heroin, 100 times more potent than morphine. And it  is taking children away from their parents and spouses away from their  partners. We lost over 75,000 people just last year.   And I commend law enforcement in Montana and across our country for  doing everything in their power, many times risking their own lives, to  get fentanyl off our streets, but they can't do it alone. We must stop  fentanyl from flooding our streets to begin with by securing our wide- open southern border.   Since President Biden took office, there have been over 5 million  illegal border crossings. Montana has just over 1 million total  residents. We have had over 5 million illegal border crossings since  the President took office. This includes gang members, drug dealers,  suspected terrorists, as well as thousands of pounds of deadly, illegal  fentanyl. This is the most in our Nation's history.   You see, Mexican cartels are using chemicals that come from China  sent to Mexico; and there in Mexico, they manufacture illicit fentanyl,  which is pressed then into counterfeit pills, smuggled across the  southern border, and sold as pills in powder form in our communities.   These cartels are terrorist organizations. We need to call and treat  them as such. The cartels are taking advantage of the wide-open and  lawless southern border. So many of us have spent nights on the  southern border, including myself, shoulder to shoulder with those  brave men and women, with Border Patrol, trying to protect our country  but vastly outnumbered, because they are not only flooding the southern  border with illegals but also flooding the southern border with poison,  including our Montana communities.   Montana is a northern border State. But we have a southern border  crisis. And the consequences of this crisis are most tragic. These are  not just numbers and statistics. They are human lives--lives like  Reilly's. Every single one is someone's child, somebody's parent,  somebody's friend. And they are people that should still be here today.   When Tom Schrapps joined me at the State of the Union Address earlier  this year, he said that even though talking about what happened to  Reilly is so painful, that if he could just save one person, one  family, from the pain that he has gone through, the pain would be worth  it.   So I am here talking about this, urging--urging--the administration  and my colleagues to secure the southern border, change the policies  that once were working that this President rescinded. We need to do  everything to prevent more families from feeling this pain.  [[Page S1233]]    The scourge of fentanyl on our communities is the single greatest  threat to public safety today. When you look at the violent crime that  we are seeing increasing across the State of Montana--you spend a  little time; it doesn't take a lot of time--a little time with any law  enforcement across the State of Montana, they will tell you it is the  drugs that are causing the crime--every one of them. Fentanyl will  continue to fuel the worst drug crisis in American history until we  take serious action to address the open border crisis at our southern  border. And there are solutions right here at our fingertips.   If this administration and my colleagues across the aisle would join  us, we can crack down on these Mexican drug cartels and those who  supply them with the chemicals to produce illicit fentanyl.   