 Madam Speaker, I thank my esteemed colleague  from Illinois, Representative Jackson, for his incredible leadership in  governing this Special Order hour.   This June, we had the anniversary of the Bipartisan Safer Communities  Act. I proudly voted for this bill because the gun violence epidemic  affects all of us daily in our country. There is still so much work to  be done--365 days later--as we have seen an extreme increase in mass  shootings this summer.   Our friends, our neighbors, and loved ones are living in fear every  day as they go to shopping malls, movies theaters, schools, grocery  stores, concerts, and yes, even places of worship.   I can go on and on but as of today, the Gun Violence Archive reports  that the United States has experienced some 400 shootings already. That  is just this year alone. Countless lives lost, communities devastated  and families that will never be the same.   Where does it stop? We all have to take a deep, deep inventory of  ourselves and ask the question: Where does it stop?   To be clear, none of the actions that we suggest, promote or  introduce are efforts to diminish the value of your constitutional  rights.   To challenge the Second Amendment is not our effort. We recognize and  support the importance of the Second Amendment. But we also recognize  the importance of making sure that we have safe communities;  communities that are safe for all people, not just Democrats, safe for  Republicans, Democrats, Independents and others, for people of all  races, backgrounds, creeds, religions, beliefs, for everyone.   This is an American issue. This is an issue that affects our  communities and, I dare say, and I dare pray, that if this has not  touched your community yet, that it doesn't. Unfortunately, if  statistics bear true, it is a matter of time before it reaches, yes,  your community, your neighborhood, your church, your school, your  child.   We have the power to change that. Collectively, Republican and  Democrat, we have the power to change that. We have the power to say no  more. We have the power to stand against the profits from the National  Rifle Association and say: Continue to manufacture legal weapons, but  make sure that we have sensible gun measures.   Continue to profit from the paraphernalia that comes with it, but  let's make sure that we have sensible gun measures to protect our  communities.   Yes, we have the power. It is within us. Let us not wait until we  find ourselves leaning over a coffin crying because we have lost  someone. Let the lives that have already been lost be the last, so  there are no more mothers like my dear friend, Lucy McBath; so there  are no more sons like my dear friend,   Steven Horsford; like the so  many others that are out there, parents, loved ones, siblings, friends,  fathers, mothers that have lost their loved ones to senseless gun  violence.   Let us, together, demonstrate to the American people that we are  bigger, we are better, we are smarter, and we are stronger, and we will  make a difference. We should not have to live like this.   I implore my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to come to the  table, come to the table, putting aside our partisan politics. Come to  the table with the understanding that we care.  [[Page H3943]]  Come to the table with the understanding that we can, that we can make  a difference for all of us.   