 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, when our constituents go to  the ballot box and they vote for their Member of Congress, they expect  that it is going to be someone that actually represents them,  represents their values, and represents the community.   What we have seen in this administration is bureaucrats--people that  are unelected and unaccountable--draft new regulations that impose  incredible financial hardship on the American people.   In fact, during the first 2 years of the Biden administration, there  are estimates that show that hundreds of billions of dollars in new  regulatory costs were heaped upon American businesses and heaped upon  American families.   Let me say that again. Hundreds of billions of dollars in additional  regulatory compliance costs. Otherwise said, it is a hidden tax.   Mr. Chairman, this is not you and I--these are not Members of  Congress--that are approving and drafting these regulations. They are  bureaucrats. What our amendment simply does is it says that those  bureaucrats can continue to draft the amendments. If their regulation  is going to cause over $100 million in compliance costs, then it must  be submitted to the Congress to allow for their elected Representatives  to either affirm or deny that regulation--that cost on the American  people.   Mr. Chairman, it is a very simple amendment. I make note that this  amendment has been included in previous appropriations bills. I hope my  friends on the other side agree that we need to be representing our  constituents, not unelected bureaucrats.   I hope that they share the concern I have that hundreds of billions  of dollars in invisible taxes being heaped upon American businesses and  families is inappropriate.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman's  concerns, but let's go ahead and think about what his concerns are  based upon. The gentleman raised concerns that if this amendment  passes, it is going to prevent the Biden administration from  unilaterally implementing regulations 100 times that each cost over  $100 million to comply with.   I am sure my friend shares the concern that these really need to be  actions of the Congress. We come in and affirm congressional intent. We  come in and affirm the interpretations of law.   If a bureaucrat is going to impose that kind of cost on American  businesses and, most importantly, on American families that are already  struggling with record-high energy costs, interest rates, and  inflationary costs that are all being imposed on these family members,  this harms those who can least afford it the most.   It really seems like my friend could reconsider the objection, that  we could simply allow for Members of Congress to represent their  constituents as opposed to unelected bureaucrats.  [[Page H5621]]    Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would simply say I regret  that the gentleman is opposed. Earlier this year, he voted in support  of an administrative PAYGO provision that takes a very similar approach  here that puts in a threshold that requires that additional scrutiny be  applied to any regulation, or it be offset with additional costs. I  think this is compatible with that. It takes the next step to ensure  that American citizens are represented by their Members of Congress.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   