 Madam Speaker, for nearly 3 years now, the truth about  COVID-19 and its origins have been hidden from the American people. We  are at a real crossroads here. There should not be a single partisan  fight over this issue.   We are talking about the lives of so many people, not only in our  country, but also throughout the rest of the world.   Unfortunately, Big Government bureaucrats like Anthony Fauci abused  their positions of power to disguise and distort the facts and to  further a tyrannical approach to our country.   Anyone who dared ask the question about the origins of COVID, or  chose to make an independent healthcare decision for their own family,  were silenced, censored, and ostracized as conspiracy theorists.   Lo and behold, we stand here today with so many of these truths that  were previously called conspiracy theories turning out to be true; the  most glaring example being that Fauci knew as early as March of 2020  that the coronavirus leaked from a lab in Wuhan, China.   He spent the next 3 years dodging, misleading, mischaracterizing the  possibility, and even using American taxpayer dollars to pay for  studies to discredit that very thing.   This is not just unfortunate, this is truly astonishing. We wonder  why the American people have a lack of trust in our government; it is  because of these kinds of things.   My constituents deserve to know the truth. Everyone that is here,  their constituents deserve to know the truth.   Republicans delivered a Commitment to America that we would deliver  accountability; that we would have a government that is accountable,  and it starts with things like this.   We shouldn't fear government institutions. We should not fear the  decisions that are made. But when you hide things, you mischaracterize  things, and you mislead the public, we do.   That is part of our Commitment to America, to uncover these things  and make accountable and transparent; to put things on the table and  let people know the facts. That accountability is going to have to be  for the lives that were lost, the livelihoods that were destroyed, and  the years together that families were robbed of.   Pass this bill. Declassify this information, and let's get the truth.   