 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this  bill, which should be titled banning kids from school sports act.   No group of kids should be banned from school sports, period. We all  know what school sports are about. It is about teamwork, determination,  physical well-being. The Federal Government doesn't belong in our  classrooms, in the locker rooms of these kids, or between these  children and their parents.   There is this creepy idea that this bill is going to require genital  inspections of children. I mean, this is outrageous.   There was an invocation of some liturgy just a few moments ago saying  children are the creations of God. All children are the creations of  God. It is not up to you to decide which children don't belong. These  are all God's children. And don't accept this phony claim that this is  about the safety of kids. In fact, we know otherwise.   A very conservative advocacy group came up with this idea. The  President of that advocacy group said: ``We knew we needed to find an  issue that the candidates were comfortable talking about, and we threw  everything at the wall.'' They came up with this campaign against trans  kids, a sinister, political operation to use these kids to advance  their success in politics. It is wrong. All kids belong playing in  sports, to play with their friends, to enjoy their childhood.   There are more than 450 anti-trans bills being introduced all across  this country. It is terrible. These children matter. We see them. We  value them, and we have to respect them. Actually, trans kids belong  and deserve to participate in every school activity.   Mr. Chair, if my colleagues really cared about the well-being of  kids, let me remind them that the leading cause of death in this  country is gun violence. Yet, our Republican colleagues will not do  anything to protect children from being slaughtered in their schools-- the leading cause of death in this country. Instead, we are going to  spend time debating a bill to insert the  [[Page H1862]]  Federal Government into elementary schools and middle schools to  prevent all children from participating in sports.   What a terrible idea. Shame on you. This is a disgrace, and I urge  Members to vote ``no'' on this hideous piece of legislation.   