 Mr. President, over the past few decades, the United  States has experienced a steady drop in domestic semiconductor  manufacturing. Now, I guess we all might be forgiven for not being  experts in what advanced microcircuits are all about, but the truth is  these microcircuits, or semiconductors, are part of our everyday lives  in ways that perhaps we don't fully appreciate. Everything from your  smartphone to the most advanced weapons that we are providing to  Ukraine to defeat Russian aggression, to the Joint Strike Fighter, the  F-35--all of these require a large number of these mini-circuit  processors, or semiconductors.   Well, over these last few decades, we have gone from producing 37  percent of the world's chips in 1990 to just 12 percent today. In other  words, we are more dependent than ever on supply chains of  semiconductors in order to keep our economy going and to defend  ourselves from a national security perspective.   This, obviously, is a concerning trend, and one of the things we have  learned about during COVID is this idea of globalization, that just  because somebody can make something cheaper--in China, let's say--than  in the United States, that that answered all the questions, that that  checked all the boxes.   Well, you might say the same thing about Europe's dependency on  Russian oil and gas when, once Mr. Putin decided to invade Ukraine,  they realized they were the captive of the Russian Federation when it  came to their basic energy needs. Well, the same thing is happening in  other places, including semiconductors.   Thirty years ago, China manufactured none of the world's chips, but  today it commands nearly a quarter of the global market. And just off  the  [[Page S817]]  coast of mainland China, you will find a global powerhouse when it  comes to chip making: Taiwan. Taiwan manufactures 92 percent of the  most advanced semiconductors in the world, and given China's aggressive  threats against Taiwan, that is a blinking red light.   But just like the Europeans found that it is going to take a while  for them to diversify their energy sources from Russia, it is going to  take a while for us to get diversity in sources so that we don't only  rely on imported chips from the Far East. For a long time, this has  been recognized as a problem and, of course, people said: Well,  something needs to be done. But that ``something'' wasn't at the top of  everyone's priority list.   But then, of course, the pandemic hit, as I said, and we found  ourselves dependent on everything from masks, or personal protective  equipment, which was all made in China, and we couldn't get it when we  needed it when the pandemic hit. And now we have become more aware of  our vulnerabilities when it comes to these supply chains.   My constituents in Texas and, I am sure, those in Michigan and New  Jersey and elsewhere were shocked to see empty car lots, for example,  because of backorders of semiconductors. Because of the disrupted  supply chain, they couldn't even make cars, which are, of course, more  and more dependent upon these microelectronics. Suddenly, consumers who  have never needed to know what a semiconductor was found themselves  impacted by this global shortage.   So, in many ways, this was a wake-up call that we didn't even know we  needed, and it is not the last. If you start looking around at other  things like rare Earth elements, things like the active ingredients in  pharmaceuticals, we are dependent on China to produce those, and that  is another vulnerability we need to address.   But if China were to act on its threats to invade Taiwan and block  the world's access to these advanced semiconductors, empty car lots  would be the least of our worries.   Without chips, we wouldn't be able to maintain the energy grid or  communications systems. We can't build rocket interceptors, or, as I  said, F-35s for our military. And our national security missions would  take a hit, both on the ground and in cyber space. So, clearly, the  time had come to make advanced chip manufacturing in America a top  priority.   In June of 2020, Senator Warner--the senior Senator from Virginia-- and I introduced the CHIPS for America Act to incentivize chipmakers to  build or expand their operations here in America. Given the  significance of this effort to our national security, the Senate  adopted this bill as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization  Act with overwhelming bipartisan support--a vote of 96 to 4. Six months  after it was introduced, the CHIPS for America Act became law. And a  year and a half later, it was fully funded by the bipartisan CHIPS and  Science Act.   So it took a little over 2 years from the time Senator Warner and I  introduced the legislation until it was finally authorized. And it is  going to take another couple of years before the funding that we  provided is granted by the Commerce Department to incentivize that  manufacturing here.   But as in so many other areas--permitting snafus, bureaucratic  delays--it is going to be a while before we can totally relieve our  dependence on imported semiconductor supply chains. This ought to be a  wakeup call, as I said, again, to our other dependencies, one that had  been nurtured by the People's Republic of China and where they have  actively undermined development of diverse alternatives in other parts  of the world, from friendly countries and from the United States  itself.   Well, 2 years is a long time from a bill being filed until it becomes  law. But that is actually not an unusual pace. It takes a while for  this body to act. And we are not known for our speed. So the fact that  we were able to stand up the CHIPS Program and fully fund it officially  shows how critical this investment is and how a bipartisan consensus  believed that time was not on our side, and we needed to act without  delay.   Well, despite bipartisan support for the CHIPS Program, it has not  been immune from criticism. Some have criticized it as industrial  policy, even comparing it to the Chinese Communist Party's intervention  in the China economy. But there is a big difference between propping up  favored industries in order to protect your domestic industries, as  China does. There is a big difference between that and safeguarding an  essential supply chain that is vital to our economy and our national  security.   One of Congress's most fundamental responsibilities is to provide for  the common defense. Traditionally, it involves timely Defense bills and  appropriations, but we no longer live in a world where those tasks  alone can cut it.   Authorizing the manufacture and purchase of new F-35s, the most  advanced stealth Joint Strike Fighter in America's Air Force-- authorizing that or appropriating the money for that is meaningless if  we don't have the electronics we need in order to manufacture them,  including semiconductors. Supporting the development of artificial  intelligence or quantum computing or 5G is useless if we can't get  access to the technology we need.   So we no longer have the luxury of endless supplies of chips. And we  have to adjust accordingly. And the CHIPS Program is just one way that  we have done that.   From the beginning of this process, I have had the pleasure of  working closely with Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo to ensure  Congress and the administration are on the same page. And by and large,  we are. I congratulate Secretary Raimondo for the great work she and  her team at the Commerce Department have done. And they have been good  partners in the actual passage of the CHIPS and Science Act.   But I am concerned--and I have communicated that to her--about some  of the components of the application guidance the Commerce Department  released last month. The Department outlined the application process  from eligibility to timelines. It provided details about the types of  incentives available and the way they could be used. And it laid out  extensive information applicants must provide; for example, a detailed  financial model for proposed projects and clear execution plans.   So far so good. The Department needs to understand the viability and  lasting impact of each of these projects before awarding these  financial incentives--again, to bringing that manufacturing back to  America's shores. That is how we ensure each project will benefit our  national security, which was the main purpose of the legislation.   But Commerce laid out additional requirements that have nothing to do  with that goal or congressional intent. One example is the childcare  mandate. So who could be against a childcare mandate? Well, my fear is  that this is just the beginning of unauthorized additional requirements  that the Biden administration is going to impose for people to be able  to compete for the grant funding.   The Department of Commerce said it requires applicants who request  funding over specific amounts to provide a plan for access to  childcare. These requirements were not in the statute. That wasn't even  part of our congressional debate.   And as a practical matter, I am pretty confident that these  sophisticated companies are going to provide a generous package of  incentives to their future workforce, including, probably, childcare.   But even the New York Times, when they saw these extra requirements,  described these strings as ``ambitious and unusual.'' If a company  wants to offer childcare to its employees, if it needs to do so in  order to compete for the kind of workforce that it wants, that is  great, and many semiconductor companies already do so.   The market for highly skilled employees is extremely competitive, and  companies recognize that they need to offer benefits to attract the  best candidates. That is the beauty of the free market.   But if the Commerce Department wants to consider that information  when we are reviewing applications, that is fine. But there is a big  difference between taking it into consideration and mandating it.   We know that some of the debate here on Capitol Hill about  childcare--we have been down this road before--some in this Chamber  would like to  [[Page S818]]  outlaw faith-based organizations from providing that childcare or  require that if they are going to take the Federal money, that they are  going to have to hire a workforce that doesn't believe in the same  things they do.   That is how we go from what seems to be a relatively innocuous  requirement into big trouble and into the executive branch trying to  legislate new requirements that are not part of the underlying  legislation.   Recent reporting indicates that companies of all types are preparing  to make the play for CHIPS funding. This isn't limited to chips  manufacturers. We are talking to every industry under the Sun--so- called ecosystem built around these fabs or manufacturing facilities.    The director of general economics at the Cato Institute explained why  companies that don't make chips could be making a play for funding.  Well, for one thing, I think it should be obvious that people are  attracted to the opportunity of qualifying for these grants for this  funding. But the director of general economics at Cato pointed to the  Commerce Department's unrelated requirements as a suggestion that the  administration isn't prioritizing national security. In other words,  this should not be a Trojan horse to pass other policy priorities under  the guise of protecting our national security.   And we don't want other, perhaps even more concerning, requirements  to be added which were not part of the legislation that Congress passed  or part of legislative intent.   Companies that do not manufacture chips now believe they have a shot  at funding as long as they meet the other unrelated requirements. I  want to be absolutely clear that that cannot be the case. In order for  the CHIPS Program to succeed--in order to protect our economy and our  national security--this needs to be a merit-based application process,  with no additional requirements imposed as a condition to receive these  grants that was certainly not part of legislative intent or even the  debate here in Congress. It should not be used as a Trojan horse to get  other policy priorities actually implemented when Congress had no such  intent.   So these decisions to make these grants should not depend on  relationships with labor unions or any other unrelated factors. It  should be based solely on how each project will strengthen our national  security and shore up this vulnerable supply chain.   We can't be in a situation where applicants that provide free  childcare are favored over those who will do more to strengthen our  national security. Again, that is fine if these companies want to do  so. And I dare say many, if not all of them, will anyway. But it is a  beginning that is concerning because this is a slippery slope to try to  shoehorn other policy priorities into something which will actually  distract the Commerce Department and the U.S. Government from doing  what needs to be done when it comes to semiconductor manufacturing.   The CHIPS Program received strong bipartisan support and should  remain far above the political fray. The ultimate goal is to boost  domestic chip manufacturing, and I am glad to say we are beginning to  move in the right direction.   Samsung from South Korea, Texas Instruments, and GlobiTech are  expanding their footprint in Texas. Taiwanese Semiconductor  Manufacturing Company is growing its presence in Arizona; Intel is  putting down roots in Ohio; and Micron is expanding in New York. These  are just a few of the announcements that have been made so far, and I  expect more to come now that the CHIPS Program is up and running.   Texas has already been a leader in the semiconductor industry. And we  are cementing that reputation with the addition of new and expanded  chip fabs.   Gov. Greg Abbott is pushing to attract even more chip manufacturers  to the Lone Star State. He has been working with leaders in the Texas  Legislature this session, including Representative Greg Bonnen and  Senator Joan Huffman, to help bring new semiconductor businesses to  Texas.   The Texas Legislature recently introduced the Texas CHIPS Act, which  would support all chip-related activity in the State--from research and  development to design and manufacturing.   I appreciate their leadership on this front, and I am eager to see  the positive impact of the chips on communities all across our State  and, indeed, all across our Nation.   These are just a few of the investments that will support jobs, our  economy, and our national security. The CHIPS Program is key to that  success, and I hope the administration will avoid attaching  controversial and additional requirements that could imperil or impede  its success.   I yield the floor.   