 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the State of Israel  and the Jewish community here in the United States of America and,  quite frankly, throughout the world.   I thank the chairman and the ranking member, two men who have worked  tirelessly on this very topic, this very subject.   I have a resolution. It is simple. It is one page. It is one page,  but I think it is powerful. It says the State of Israel is not a racist  or apartheid state. It says that Congress rejects all forms of anti- Semitism and xenophobia. Lastly, it says that the United States will  always be a staunch partner and supporter of Israel.   It is simple. It is a one-page resolution that I think every Member  of Congress should be able to agree on. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, we  have heard disgusting statements from Members on the other side of the  aisle against Israel.   Mr. Speaker, as I look at this debate here, this is the time when  anyone who has said those types of things can come to the House floor  to debate and have a conversation. If there is disagreement with this,  let's let the American people hear that disagreement.   From my standpoint, we look at Israel as the most important partner  in the Middle East. Tomorrow, in fact, as we welcome President Herzog  to this very body, to the United States, to a joint address of  Congress, it is critical for the U.S. Congress to send a unified  message that we stand with Israel and unequivocally support our Jewish  communities. There is no place for hate or hateful words.   Mr. Speaker, I hope this is an easy vote today. It should be easy.  All 435 Members of this body should be able to vote in affirmation of  this so that when President Herzog enters this body tomorrow, he knows  unequivocally that the United States is with Israel and that the entire  world knows that.   In fact, 75 years ago, within minutes of being recognized as a  nation, the United States was the very first to recognize Israel as a  nation. It is because we both believe in freedom. We both believe in a  trusted partnership. We both believe in pushing back against enemies  around the world like Iran, the largest state sponsor of terrorism,  that would seek to undermine at every turn the State of Israel.   Where are those colleagues if they disagree?   I think what this debate tells me today, seeing very little  disagreement on the House floor, is that we as the United States of  America, that we as the U.S. Congress, that the House of  Representatives believes in the tenets.   I will say it one more time. The State of Israel is not a racist or  apartheid state. Congress rejects all forms have anti-Semitism or  xenophobia. The United States will always be a staunch partner and  supporter of Israel.   Mr. Speaker, not only do I urge my colleagues to support this, but I  urge my colleagues to stand up against bullying against those who would  say things that are not true, those that would denounce or use words  that are hateful in their rhetoric, that undermine the very essence of  the nation of Israel, and that undermine the freedoms that this country  stands for.   Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I am able to author this and  stand before the American public and reaffirm, on the 75th anniversary  of Israel as a nation, our support in the United States of America for  a nation that I believe is divinely inspired.   