 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan  amendments submitted by myself and my friend Congressman Costa which  would transfer $1 million from the HHS Secretary's general department  management account to the National Institute of Neurological Disorders  and Stroke to begin to design the infrastructure for the Pediatric- Onset Epilepsies Consortium.   The Consortium would enable cooperative research studies, accelerate  the development of knowledge about the epilepsies, and rapidly advance  therapeutic options and their implementation to improve treatments and  healthcare outcomes.   As a co-chair of the Congressional Epilepsy Caucus, along with  Congressman Costa, I am proud to offer this bipartisan amendment to  support millions of Americans with epilepsy.   Just to give you a few statistics. More than 3.4 million individuals  and their families are affected by epilepsy in the U.S. today, with  nearly 500,000 children having epilepsy in the United States. One in 26  individuals will be diagnosed with epilepsy during their lifetime.   As November is Epilepsy Awareness Month, we must continue to build  awareness around epilepsy, reduce the stigma applied to it, and educate  the public and physicians on epilepsy disorders.   I thank Representative Costa for his support and co-leading this  amendment. This is personal to me, as I have a child who has dealt with  epilepsy now for close to 16 years and is doing well, but I want other  individuals from across the country to do well also.   Mr. Chair, I encourage a ``yes'' vote on the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee for the gentlewoman  from  [[Page H5837]]  West Virginia (Mrs. Miller), and I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of amendment No. 122,  which will prevent funds from being used to finalize or implement the  proposed HHS Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rule.   This rule makes unnecessary changes to the MDRP that have been in  place for decades.   If implemented, the proposed MDRP rule will discourage research and  the development of medicines while jeopardizing Medicaid beneficiaries'  access to affordable drugs. This change would be bad for patients, bad  for doctors, and bad for manufacturers.   This rule is yet another overreach by unelected bureaucrats trying to  make health decisions for our constituents without any statutory  authority to do so.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and stop  this rule from taking effect, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise this evening to try to correct a grave  error made by CMS.   My amendment would prohibit funds from being used to finalize,  implement, or enforce CMS's proposed nursing home staffing mandate  rule.   It is insane.   The proposed rule would require nursing homes to provide 24/7 onsite  registered nurse coverage and a minimum of 0.55 RN and 2.45 nurse aide  hours per resident day.   As CMS noted in the proposed rule, the proposed NA and RN  requirements exceed those in nearly all States, and if finalized, these  new floors would increase staffing in more than 75 percent of nursing  homes nationwide.   In other words, more than three-quarters of nursing homes in America  today would not be compliant if the proposal went into effect.   To comply with the hours per resident day requirement, urban  facilities would be required to hire an additional  [[Page H5839]]  10,495 RNs and 61,348 NAs, while rural facilities would be required to  hire an additional 2,100 RNs, 15,000 NAs.   Likewise, to comply with the 24/7 RN requirement, an additional 1,900  RNs would be needed in urban areas, 1,300 in rural areas.   Collectively, the nationwide compliance cost for nursing homes is  estimated to be $40 billion over the next 10 years. Those are CMS's own  estimates.   Additionally, the rule requires States to collect and report on  compensation for workers as a percentage of Medicaid payments for those  working in nursing homes and intermediate care facilities, but for  providers alone, implementation costs would be $9 million per year for  4 years, or $36 million over 4 years, and once the rule goes into  effect in year 5, an additional $18 million per year for 6 years,  totaling $144 million over the decade.   Mr. Chairman, I recognize the need to ensure that patients receive  high-quality healthcare service. I have been doing it for 35 years.  However, this rule as proposed would exacerbate existing workforce  constraints throughout the Nation, particularly in rural communities,  increase burdensome reporting requirements, and substantially impact  the finances of nursing homes, ultimately limiting seniors' access to  critical healthcare services.   It is an unfunded mandate on under-resourced facilities, and it is  absolutely out of touch with reality.   In a study released just last week, more than 60 percent of nursing  students today in nursing school don't even plan to treat patients  after graduation.   We have a massive shortage now. We are not going to have ones coming  in the future. How in the hell are we going to implement this going  forward? Where are the nurses going to come from?   The ranking member of Connecticut said earlier today during general  debate that we have a shortage of nurses today. I absolutely agree.  This is not a partisan issue.   I would encourage CMS to work with Congress on reforms needed to  ensure seniors receive the highest quality care. I encourage Members to  vote ``yes'' on this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, even the ranking member said earlier today-- let's roll back the film--there is a nursing shortage. There is a  nursing shortage in our country.   While the rule may be well-intentioned and it makes you feel good,  the nurses aren't there. They can't just come out of the middle of  nowhere. They just can't. I would love for there to be more nurses. We  could open up more beds at our hospitals and take care of more  patients.   They are not there. They are not there, and this is where the  Democrats are just so out of touch. I get that it makes them feel  great. I am happy, but when reality strikes, it is hard. We don't have  the nurses. Then you mandate these nursing homes to have nurses that  they don't have, so guess what? They close.   Now, where are your parents going to stay? Where are your  grandparents going to stay? Nowhere. It is absolutely out of mind that  this is being proposed because CMS is absolutely out of touch with  reality for the day.   Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to vote for this amendment. It  actually makes sense where the rule does not, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   