 Mr. Chair, as a Member of Congress, our job description  up here is really short: Just take care of your constituency and just  have oversight of the Federal Government, and we do that through things  called appropriations and hearings. Appropriations are what we are  working on right now.   Well, I want to tell you: The past 9 months, I have been out here  crossing this country attending field hearings. I have also been  speaking with and listening to members of our industries about the  overreach and the out-of-control government agencies that we have up  here, and that is why I rise today.   I rise today to speak about an important issue that, sadly, this bill  is going to fail to address. You see, the National Oceanic and  Atmospheric Administration's boat speed limiter proposed rule, which,  by the way, NOAA is an unauthorized Federal agency, never authorized by  Congress, but NOAA's rule limits the speed now of all boats 35 feet and  longer to 10 knots, and this is up and down almost the entire eastern  seaboard.   Now, they are doing this by claiming that this rule is necessary to  save the North Atlantic whale, which, by what I have been able to find,  they have been able to maintain roughly the same population since the  1980s, so I just wanted to go over a few quick facts.   Now, approximately 15 of these whales have been killed by boats in  the last 18 years. Now, there are approximately 63,000 registered boats  in this 35- to 65-foot length. That is a one in a million--in a  million--chances that you are going to hit one of these whales. If you  do, you are going to come out on the short end of the stick, and they  are going to know it.   This is what is going to happen. This is going to have an $84 billion  economic impact just on the East Coast. Also on the East Coast, 340,000  jobs will be impacted. This rule is not just going to cripple the  boating and sport fishing industry. It is going to crush it, and it is  also going to crush and kill the communities that support them.   Now, I offered an amendment to prohibit the Coast Guard from  enforcing this rule, because I think our Coast Guard has a whole lot  more important things to be out there doing, but, sadly, my amendment  was not made in order.   Therefore, Mr. Chair, I stand today and I urge my colleagues to fight  for language that is going to prevent the Coast Guard from enforcing  this misguided rule during our conference committee.   