 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, there are a lot of buzz words, complicated sub- working groups and weaponization and all of this sort of language that  may hide what is happening here, but I want to be crystal clear about  what this amendment does.   As someone who served in uniform proudly in two combat deployments,  this weakens our military. It weakens our national security because it  essentially tries to sweep back under the rug what is a growing, more  dramatic problem of extremism of many kinds within our Department of  Defense, something that has had bipartisan agreement.   Rather than keeping that bipartisan, sober tenor to the debate, this  amendment hypocritically, in my opinion, actually politicizes it by  referring it to, unfortunately, a subcommittee that is, I think,  broadly known to operate in that way.   Let's be clear about what is happening in our Department of Defense.  [[Page H3547]]  Bias, discrimination, hate, and extremism threaten the safety of all  communities and institutions, and our military is no exception.   I think we can all agree that one extremist in the ranks is one too  many. The U.S. intelligence community's annual threat assessment once  again concluded transnational racially and ethnically motivated violent  extremists continue to pose the most lethal threat to U.S. persons and  interests and a significant threat to a number of U.S. allies and  partners.   The Countering Extremism Working Group has functioned exactly as  intended. It should continue its work to ensure that extremism has no  place in our military. They are doing good, necessary work.   We must continue to, as Members of Congress and Americans, hold the  principle that this work should be nonpartisan. It should not be under  the sort of heated politicized rhetoric that I fear this amendment  would put it under.   I stand in strong opposition and encourage my colleagues to vote  against this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, this is not a Democrat or Republican thing. This  is about the American people having pride in and sending the message to  all members, the millions of members in the Department of Defense, that  we are proud of them, we support them, we support the work that our  Department of Defense is doing, and we are not intending to politicize  it in the way that this amendment does.    I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, what is clear when you see how this  weaponization of the Federal Government subcommittee has operated,  sadly, to me as someone who loves our country, it has become a deeply  partisan body. With all due respect to my colleague, I don't agree with  her characterization in any way.   The other piece here that is not being spoken about, anti-Semitism  and violent White nationalism are on the rise in the Department of  Defense, and this working group is directly focused on countering that.   Politicizing that work undercuts that important work, puts our troops  at risk, and puts our national security at risk.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I am prepared to close and wrap this up.    Mr. Chair, in brief, while I understand the spirit of what  my colleague is saying, there has to be reasonable lines at which we  cannot say there is unlimited resources to dedicate to unlimited  oversight of every conspiracy theory that may be out there.   I would reassert in closing, dealing with extremism cannot be about  political or ideological litmus tests but practical threats to the  operations and values of our military.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Meeks), the ranking member of our Foreign Affairs Committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Washington State (Mr. Larsen).    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, with respect to my colleague and alum of a United  States military academy, I respectfully disagree. I think at this  moment when our allies and our entire alliance is engaged in direct hot  war is a moment where we have to have our allies' backs, where we have  to lead by assuming some risk and hoping and pushing and nudging our  allies to follow.   I do respect the spirit of what my colleague is saying, but in the  heat of battle is not the time to question our allies or to back away  from our allies. In fact, as my colleagues have said, it is the moment  to lean in and strengthen our alliance, bolster our alliance, bolster  innovation, and bring to bear the resources of the DIANA effort.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Meeks).    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman  from New York.    Mr. Chair, I remind my colleagues that the word, as my  colleague from New York has said, the word ``denounces'' is a strong  word especially to use in the heat of battle and the heat of an  unprecedented and unjust war.   I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Meeks).    Mr. Chair, again, in closing, I reiterate the points of Mr.  Meeks. At the moment when NATO is headed in the right direction, when  we are seeing the greatest strength, unity, cohesion, results, and  success, back to the founding charter of the organization, now is not  the time to take steps backwards and denounce our allies.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Huffman).    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia  (Mr. Beyer).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   