 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 21  because what President Biden and this administration have done with our  Strategic Petroleum Reserve is nothing short of abuse.   What is worse is that the administration has drained our SPR to bribe  the American people into forgetting about the failure of its policies.   Since day one, the President and his administration have waged a war  against our energy independence and security. When, to no one's  surprise, prices rose to the highest they have been in a generation,  instead of reversing course, they doubled down and tried to pay off the  American people by emptying the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.   I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill, and I sincerely hope all  of my colleagues on the floor support it today.   This bill not only limits the President's ability to abuse the SPR,  as he has done in the past 2 years, but it also requires the  administration to have a plan to increase production if it does pull  from the SPR outside of our emergencies.   This is energy security, and it is sorely needed in today's uncertain  world.    Mr. Chair, I reserve a point of order.  [[Page H382]]     Mr. Chair, I withdraw my reservation of a  point of order.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would condition  the enactment of the bill upon the Secretary of Energy certifying that  the leasing in the plan is necessary to get the SPR back to where it  was on February 23, 2022. This is nothing more than an attempt to delay  implementation of H.R. 21.   We cannot trust the Secretary of Energy to responsibly manage the SPR  and ensure it is adequately filled.   Under President Biden, the SPR has been depleted to its lowest level  since 1983. Two of the four caverns are nearly empty. The Biden  administration's plan is attacking American energy using every  regulatory tool available to drive the oil and gas industry out of  existence.   I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment. I support the underlying  bill, H.R. 21, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order.    Mr. Chairman, I insist upon my point of order  against amendment No. 85.   Clause 7 of rule XVI prohibits the House and its committees from  considering nongermane amendments. This amendment is not germane  because it violates the fundamental purpose test of germaneness.   The fundamental purpose of H.R. 21 is to require the Secretary to  develop a plan to increase the percentage of Federal lands leased for  oil and gas production before the next drawdown of petroleum products  in the reserve.   The purpose of this amendment is to prevent financial benefit of our  enemies. It delves into limiting foreign exports and creates trade  prohibitions. Meanwhile, this simple bill before us proposes a mere  plan for leasing. It is purely domestic and purely at the Department of  Energy.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, 2 weeks ago, the House voted in  strong bipartisan support of the Protecting America's Strategic Reserve  From China Act. More than 100 Democrats voted in favor. Republicans  opposed sending SPR resources to our adversaries, and that is why we  are opposed to this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve a point of order.    Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my reservation of a  point of order, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order.    Mr. Chair, I withdraw my reservation of a  point of order.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to  the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment prohibits an  entity from providing oil and gas to fill the Strategic Petroleum  Reserve as part of the Secretary's plan if those activities will  negatively impact air quality. Yet, the amendment does not define  negative impact.   Under this amendment, you could have 1 hour of emissions increases  that are below Federal requirements for air quality, and you would be  disqualified under this bill.   The oil and gas industry has made great strides in reducing the  emissions of their operations.   This amendment is creating an extralegal and difficult to ascertain  and comply with standard that will prevent us from being energy secure  for real emergencies.   Let's not forget that we produce American energy in the most  environmentally responsible way, and our environmental standards are  the highest in the world.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I reserve a point of order.    Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my reservation of a  point of order.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would condition  enactment of the bill upon the Secretary of Energy certifying that  increasing lands leased for production will not result in increased  greenhouse gas emissions.   I know you find this hard to believe, but this is another attempt to  delay the implementation of H.R. 21. I am afraid that this amendment is  not sincere.   Since day one of the Biden administration, Democrats have attempted  to block fossil fuel projects at every turn.   As gasoline prices surged out of control, the administration raided  the SPR--raided the SPR--selling oil to China while begging our  adversaries in OPEC and Russia to produce more oil.   This amendment would double down on that, while also making it more  difficult for us to assess our resources to develop a plan to refill  the reserve in case of a legitimate emergency.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment. I support the  underlying bill, H.R. 21, and I yield back the balance of my time.  [[Page H385]]     Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   