 Mr. President, the American people understand--whether  they are Democrats, Republicans, or Independents--that our healthcare  system is broken; it is dysfunctional; it is failing.   We spend almost twice as much per person on healthcare--an  unsustainable $13,000 for every man, woman, and child--than any other  country on Earth, and yet the results of all of that spending are  abysmal. While the insurance companies and the drug companies make  hundreds of billions of dollars in profit, we have 85 million Americans  who are uninsured or underinsured and over 60,000 people who die every  single year because they can't get to a doctor when they need to.   In this country, despite our huge expenditures, we don't have enough  doctors, nurses, dentists, pharmacists, or mental health specialists;  and our life expectancy is far lower than in most other countries,  especially for working class and lower income Americans. In my view-- and I think it is the view of  [[Page S5383]]  most Americans--healthcare is a human right, not a privilege, and we  need major reforms to our current system so that every man, woman, and  child in this country gets the quality healthcare they need regardless  of their financial status.   The responsibility for reforming our broken healthcare system rests  with the administration, and it rests with many Agencies of government,  including the HHS; the CMS; the FDA; and the National Institutes of  Health, the NIH, which plays a very important role in the development  of new prescription drugs.   While the 10 largest drug companies made over $112 billion in profits  last year and while they pay their CEOs exorbitant compensation  packages, 1 out of 4 Americans cannot afford to pay for the medicine  they need, and thousands of families face financial ruin as they pay  outrageously high prices for the prescription drugs that keep them  alive.    Let's think about that for just 1 second. Millions of people in this  country, every year, get sick. They go to the doctor, and the doctor  writes out a prescription. Yet, because of the exorbitant price of  prescription drugs in America, one out of four of those people cannot  afford to fill that prescription. So what happens to those people?  Well, they get sicker. Maybe they end up in an emergency room. Maybe  they end up in a hospital. Maybe they die.   How crazy is it that, in the richest country in the history of the  world, 25 percent of our people cannot afford to fill the prescriptions  that their doctors prescribe?   But it is not just the high cost of prescription drugs that impacts  individuals. In the largest hospital in my State, the State of  Vermont--and I don't think it is terribly different elsewhere--the high  cost of prescription drugs accounts for 20 percent of the overall  budget of that hospital, and that drives insurance policies up. What we  pay in the hospital impacts greatly the prices we pay for insurance.   In other words, the outrageously high cost of prescription drugs in  America is a crisis situation that must be addressed. It impacts  everybody.   Adding insult to injury, not only has the Federal Government not  effectively regulated the price of prescription drugs, but the  taxpayers of this country have, over the years, provided hundreds of  billions of dollars in research and development into new prescription  drugs that have provided enormous financial benefits to some of the  most profitable drug companies in America.   For example, in America today, the median cost of new cancer drugs  has gone up by more than 300 percent over the past decade even though  85 percent of the initial foundational cancer research is funded by  U.S. taxpayers.   In June, the HELP Committee, which I chair, released a report that  found that the average price of new treatments that NIH scientists  helped to develop over the past 20 years is over $111,000.   In other words, we are spending a fortune in developing new drugs,  but our people cannot afford the treatments that they pay for.   In virtually every case, American taxpayers are paying far more than  people in other countries for the exact same medicine that the NIH  helped to develop. Now, that may make sense to somebody, but it does  not make sense to me.   Here are just a few examples from the report:   Astellas and Pfizer charge Americans with prostate cancer over  $165,000 for Xtandi while the exact same drug can be purchased in Japan  for just $20,000. Guess who developed that drug: American taxpayers.   Johnson & Johnson charges Americans with HIV $56,000 for Symtuza  while the exact same treatment can be purchased in the UK for just  $10,000. Guess who developed that treatment: American taxpayers.   Millennium Pharmaceuticals charges Americans with cancer $54,000 for  Velcade while the exact same drug can be purchased in France for just  $11,000. Guess who did the research and paid for that drug: the NIH and  American taxpayers.   In other words, here is the insane situation: The American taxpayers  fund the research for these drugs, but they can't afford the product  that they helped create. Does anybody really think that makes sense? If  American taxpayers help develop a drug, we should be paying the lowest  price in the world for that product, not the highest. That has got to  change. No prescription drug, no matter how effective and lifesaving it  may be, is worth anything to the patient who cannot afford it.   In my view, at this crisis moment for American healthcare, we need an  NIH Director who is prepared to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical  industry and use every tool at their disposal to substantially lower  the extraordinarily high cost of medicine in this country.   The 1,800 well-paid lobbyists from the pharmaceutical industry here  in DC--it is almost 4 lobbyists for every Member of Congress--may not  like it, but that is precisely what the American people want, and it is  what they need. The status quo is not working. We need fundamental  changes in the way that the NIH addresses the crisis of high  prescription drug costs.   Dr. Monica Bertagnolli is an intelligent and caring person, but she  has not convinced me that she is prepared to take on the greed and  power of the drug companies and the healthcare industry in general nor  is she prepared, in my view, to fight for the transformative changes  the NIH needs at this critical moment. That is why I will be voting no  on her confirmation.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   