 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Houchin for bringing  this important bill to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I rise and fully support H.R. 5. Folks, this bill could  be called the parents bill of rights transparency bill because that is  all it is, transparent.   As I look to the balcony, I see a lot of young people, middle-aged  people, people with children and maybe grandchildren. Nowhere in this  bill is it banning any books. Nowhere.   As my good friend from Texas yesterday pointed out during rules  debate, my friends on the other side of the aisle had one book. I see  they have a stack of books now. Let me see if they will give you an  example of books that you can pull up on the internet that are taught  in public schools all over the country.   Let me see if they are going to recognize the book ``Beyond  Magenta.'' It documents stories on LGBTQ youth. It has very sexually  explicit passages: I was sexually active from the time I was 6.   I won't go on to say the other things that they have. Are you going  to highlight these books?   Another book, ``This Book Is Gay,'' discusses orgies and kinky sex  acts. Are you going to highlight that?   ``Gender Queer'' is a novel, and it had a debate in the libraries. It  had explicit images of oral sex. Are you going to highlight that book?   Let's take ``Juliet Takes a Breath.'' This book discusses a woman's  journey coming out as a lesbian and contains graphic descriptions of  sexual encounters.   Folks, I could go on and on. It lists I don't know how many different  books.   Mr. Speaker, I ask parents if this is something they want their  children to read? Is this something that encourages academics and  allows that child to compete in the 21st century? Is this a book that  promotes what their child needs to know?    It is sad that this bill is even needed, but it is estimated that  between kindergarten and the 12th grade, a student will spend over  15,000 hours at school. That is 15,000 hours when parents are trusting  other people to do what is in the best interest of their child.   It is good that America's parents are taking a stand now. They are  pushing back on these kinds of books that I don't think they are going  to mention.   I have 4 children and 17 grandchildren. We got a notice a week ago  where the parents are upset because the school is allowing boys to go  into--  Mr. Speaker, bottom line: The school was allowing males  to go into female bathrooms. This is intolerable.   This bill is needed. It gives parents the control, and it gives  parents the right to know what their child is being taught.   