 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment prohibits the funds appropriated  by this act from being used to enforce any COVID-19 mask mandates.   I have been proud to introduce this amendment in previous  appropriations  [[Page H5840]]  bills where they passed on a voice vote, and I am happy to do so here  again.   Policies involving mandatory mask implementation are about control,  not about science. Tom Jefferson, not to be confused with Thomas  Jefferson, is a leading epidemiologist who coauthored what The New York  Times opinion section called--and again this is The New York Times--the  ``most rigorous and comprehensive analysis of scientific studies  conducted on the efficacy of masks for reducing the spread of  respiratory illnesses--including COVID-19,'' and found there was no  evidence that masks made any difference. It found that wearing masks in  public places ``probably makes little or no difference'' in the number  of infections.   It should be noted that mask mandates included any and all masks.  This study looked at the gold standard of masks, the N-95, and even  they didn't make a difference. When you paired masks with preventative  measures, there was no difference.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague's comments. I  would agree to her point that there currently is no mask mandate and  the fact that the COVID-19 emergency is over. However, what this does  is prevent future administrations, Republican or Democrat, from taking  and impinging on the freedom and liberty of individuals.   Going back to Dr. Jefferson and his study that was quoted by the New  York Times, it noted that the so-called science that infringed on the  liberty by forcing masks was based off of nonscientific, nonrandomized  trials, that the data was flawed.   We allowed ourselves and our freedoms and our liberties to be  infringed. Our Founding Fathers warned us that it is in times of crisis  that the Constitution and the rule of law are most in jeopardy. I lost  friends to COVID. I am not saying that COVID wasn't serious, but what I  am saying is this does not give the government the right to infringe on  your liberty. You have a choice. It is up to you to make it.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of my amendment. I thank my colleagues,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that prohibits  funds for the enforcement of the recommendation, the guidance regarding  mandated use of preferred pronouns.   On October 11, the Secretary of HHS issued guidance that would, among  other things, compel employees to call other people by their so-called  preferred pronouns.   I think I speak for most Americans when I say that the concept of  choosing your own pronouns, which is based on biological sex, just  doesn't make sense.   That is not what this amendment is about. This amendment is about a  clear and present danger to the principle of free speech. Mr. Chairman,  you have a right to be you. I have a right to be me. However, your  choices should not infringe on my rights.   Not only does the First Amendment protect against censorship, it also  has been long understood to protect against compelled speech. Perhaps  one of the most egregious forms of infringement and violation of the  First Amendment is compelled speech, and I rise to stand against said  egregious guidance in trying to get Federal employees to buy into this  nonsense.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, guidance. I think Ronald Reagan--and I will  paraphrase--said the scariest phrase in the American language is, ``I  am from the government and I am here to help.'' The last thing I want  is more guidance from the Federal Government.   Mr. Chairman, you can bark like a dog, but I am not going to call you  Fido. I am going to call you Mr. Chairman. That is what this is about.  This is about infringement of speech.   This is about the Federal Government trying to compel employees to  buy into the fantasies of other employees, and that is not the role of  government. Bark like a dog if you want, but you are still Mr.  Chairman.   Writing for the majority in the West Virginia State Board of  Education v. Barnette, Justice Robert Jackson affirmed this basic idea.  He wrote, ``No official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be  orthodox in politics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of  opinion or force citizens to confess by word or act their faith  therein.''   Forcing employees to call people by their preferred pronouns compels  those employees to affirm that it is possible for a person to change  his or her gender, to buy into this fantasy even if it  [[Page H5841]]  does contradict science and/or their faith.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, people have a right to practice their  religion fully. They are not told to confine their faith to an hour on  Sunday mornings.   In fact, most major religions in the United States hold as a matter  of doctrine that a person cannot change his or her gender.   I go back to George Washington before the Constitutional Convention  in 1789 pointedly attending a Catholic mass. He reached out to the  Jewish community and proclaimed religious freedom, the choices of  blessings, that unwavering commitment to religious liberty, to freedom,  is what we should be honoring.   Our word as a Member of Congress should mean something. If we will  not stand up for the Constitution, for your right to freedom of speech,  for the rights of Americans, we have no business being here.   Compelling speech, Mr. Chairman, is an infringement of the most  egregious nature. It must not be tolerated.   This idea of not having a hostile workplace goes both ways, Mr.  Chairman. Again, bark like a dog if you want to. You are still Mr.  Chairman.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   