 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for  offering this very important and very timely resolution. It asks many  of the tough questions that have to be asked, and we need answers.   Mr. Speaker, journalist Paul Bedard wrote an incisive article on  February 3 entitled: ``Dry run: Balloons called top `delivery platform'  for nuclear EMP attack.'' It points out that, obviously, the grid would  be fried; we would be unable to do just about anything. Here is a  balloon going over our military installations, including our ICBM base,  with the capability to launch an EMP attack. Did we know it? Did it  have such a payload? We have no idea.  [[Page H797]]    Let me also say surveillance was at a minimum what was happening. It  should have been shot down much sooner over the Aleutian Islands in a  way that would have just stopped this unbelievable breach of U.S.  sovereignty.   He quotes in this article a man by the name of David Stuckenberg, who  is an EMP expert, and he says: ``A high altitude balloon could be  designed, created, and launched in a matter of months.'' And that is  what they did. ``There is nothing to prevent several hundred pounds of  weapons material from being delivered'' from that altitude. He talks  about the flyover as being a dry run.   They are testing us, and we did not rise to that challenge.   Let me say to my friends and colleagues: The militaristic aspirations  of the PRC and Xi Jinping are global. He watches his enemies,  obviously, in the region, but he looks at the entire world, and he has  a multi-year plan for conquest.   Finally, I have chaired 76 congressional hearings on human rights  abuses in China. I am barred from going there by the CCP.   Xi Jinping and the CCP systematically murder, jail, torture,  persecute, and commit genocide against their own citizens. As we all  know, it does pose an existential threat to its neighbors in the region  and to the United States.   We need to up our game and mitigate the threat to our own people.  Americans deserve better, and this resolution is asking the tough  questions so that happens.   