 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my bipartisan amendment ensures that none of  the funds made available by this bill will go toward funding a rule  that will ban flavored milk, like chocolate milk, in schools.   This would ensure that all types and flavors of milk are available to  schoolchildren.   This summer it was reported that the USDA is considering banning  chocolate milk from elementary and middle schools.   USDA issued a proposed rule in February that would set new nutrition  standards for school meals. If implemented, the new standards proposed  could limit the amount of flavored milk, like chocolate and strawberry,  in high schools while children in elementary and middle schools would  be restricted to a variety of unflavored milk. This rule would affect  roughly 30 million students who participate in the school meal  programs.   According to the Journal of the American Dietetic Association,  removing flavored milk from schools resulted in a 62 to 63 percent  reduction in milk consumption by kids in kindergarten through fifth  grade, as well as a 50 percent reduction in sixth through eighth  grades.   Milk is full of rich nutrients that support bone growth and  development, and millions of children enjoy drinking it.   We should not be funding rules that would limit our children's access  to delicious and nutritious products like milk.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bipartisan amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Van Orden), my friend and neighbor in the Third  Congressional District.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Mr. Chair, in many ways, this may be the least of the  amendments that you will hear tonight, but it is actually, I would say,  the most of the amendments.   Here is the reason why: When you have a Federal Government that  believes that they need to regulate the milk that is served in our  kids' schools across America, you have a Federal Government that is out  of control.   We have become a borderless country. When our Federal Government has  become perhaps the largest human trafficking operation in the history  of the world, when you have a Federal Government that will not take us  back to energy independence, where gasoline is now back up to $4 a  gallon where I live in northern Wisconsin, where you have a Federal  Government that has fueled inflation like we haven't seen for 40 years,  what in the world are they doing? What in the world are they doing  trying to regulate what milk is served in our kids' schools?   That is why we are here tonight and trying to pass these amendments.  They get America back to a place of fiscal responsibility but also  sanity from what we have seen over the last couple of years with this  profligate spending that is going on.   Finally, I will say that I come from America's Dairyland, and you are  damn right that I am going to fight for milk in our kids' schools.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   