 Mr. President, I think we are all aware that parts of  our world are on fire. The world is on fire in Ukraine and in Eastern  Europe, and the world is on fire in the Middle East. I wouldn't  describe the world as being on fire in the Indo-Pacific, but there are  certainly embers, and they are smoldering.   I think it is clear to most Americans that President Xi in China,  that President Putin in Russia, and that the Ayatollah in Iran are  working together, and their objective is to have Russia dominate  Central and Eastern Europe and to have the Ayatollah in Iran dominate  the Middle East. The Ayatollah, of course, is funding and supports  Hamas.   There is no cause in the world--none--that can justify what Hamas did  to the innocent people of Israel. The people of Hamas are so evil they  will kill you and drink your blood out of a boot. And President Xi and  President Putin and the Ayatollah in Iran are just fine with that.   The third objective of China, Russia, and Iran is to allow China to  dominate the Indo-Pacific and be free to make moves in Sub-Saharan  Africa and in South America.   Parts of the world are on fire. America is about to find out what it  is made of because the world I just described is not a world safe for  America.   But as we meet these challenges, Mr. President--and by God, we will  meet them. We will meet them. While we are doing that, I don't want us  to forget about our homeland. We have a lot of problems domestically,  and I don't want us to lose sight of them. I think about them every  day. I know you do, too, Mr. President.   We still have millions of Americans who are too poor to be sick  despite the fact that we have the best quality of healthcare in America  in all of human history. Notice I didn't say that we have the best way  of delivering that healthcare. But we have the best quality of  healthcare in all of human history, but we have people in this  country--many of them are middle class--who are too poor to be sick.  Since the Affordable Care Act passed, we were told that it was going to  make our lives better, that it was going to make health insurance more  accessible and cheaper. Since the Affordable Care Act was passed,  health insurance premiums have tripled.   We also know domestically that our border is an open, bleeding wound.  It is an open, bleeding wound, and it is within the power of this  Congress to fix that.   But none of those domestic problems that I just described--and I  could continue with others, as I know you could, too, Mr. President--is  hurting the American people as much as President Biden's inflation. Not  a single one. President Biden's inflation is gutting the American  people like a fish. It is a cancer--a cancer--on the American dream.   In my State alone, in Louisiana--we are not a wealthy State. My  people are pretty middle class. They get up every day. They go to work.  They obey the law. They try to do the right things by their kids, try  to save a little for retirement. The median household income for a  family of four in my State is $55,000 a year. A lot of States are above  us; some are below us.   President Biden's inflation, which is manmade--and that man's name is  Joe Biden--is costing my people, the average Louisiana family, $806-- not a year, a month, $806 a month. That is $9,700 a year. Now, imagine  if you were making $55,000 a year, and you have to come out of pocket  with an extra $9,700 a year. You blow through your savings. You max out  your credit card. You borrow from your children's college education  plan. You borrow from relatives. And then what do you do?   I know what some of my colleagues are thinking: But, Kennedy, we are  doing better on inflation.   We are, and I am so thankful. A year ago, inflation in this country  was 8.2 percent. Today, it is 3.7 percent. I am so happy, and I hope it  continues to go down, but it is important for us to remember what that  means.   A reduction of inflation from 8.2 percent to 3.7 percent--which is  still, of course, too high--just means that inflation is rising less  rapidly. We still have inflation. Prices are still high, and they  continue to go up; they just are not going up as quickly as they were.  That is a good thing, but it doesn't solve the problem. That is what we  call disinflation. When inflation is rising and we stop it from rising  so quickly, that is called disinflation. But that is not what most  Americans care about, although that is important to them. What they  care about is prices going down, and that is deinflation. We do not  have deinflation.   The point I am trying to make is, we are stuck with these high  prices. If they get inflation down to zero, those prices are not going  down; they are going to remain the same. They are just not going to  rise as quickly. We are stuck. The American people are stuck with these  high prices because of the Biden administration.   I could cite you all the sterile statistics you would like, but I  want to try to describe in specific terms what it is like for my people  to go to the grocery store, to have to--this is an exaggeration but not  by much--to have to think about, well, do I have to sell blood plasma  today in order to go to the grocery store? Do I have to draw down on  the second mortgage on my home in order to go to the grocery store?   Since President Biden has been in office, consumer goods in the  United States of America are up 17 percent,  [[Page S5390]]  electricity is up 25 percent, eggs are up 29 percent. They are not  going down, folks. Even if inflation goes to zero, those prices aren't  going down. Potato chips, up 30 percent; bread, up 28 percent; coffee,  30 percent; rice, 26 percent. Flour is up 28 percent; milk, 18 percent;  half a gallon of ice cream, 21 percent; chicken, 20 percent.   When you look at larger categories, this is what is happening to the  American people. Since President Biden took office--since President  Biden took office--all goods and many services in the wealthiest  country in all of human history are up 17 percent. Food is up 20  percent. Housing is up 17 percent. Clothing is up 12 percent. Used cars  and trucks are up 25 percent. New cars and trucks are up 20 percent.  Mortgage rates are up 174 percent--174 percent.   Some may be saying: Well, but wages are going up too.   Thank goodness. In some cases, wages have gone up. But the average  wage of the average American has gone down after inflation. The  appropriate way to look at wage increases is not to look at the raw  aggregate increase; it is looking at the increase after inflation. If  you take all of the average wage increases in the United States of  America and you looked at the average inflation in the United States of  America, workers have actually lost ground. Workers today, in November  of 2023, are actually making less per hour after inflation than they  were in February of 2021. So don't let anybody tell you that wages have  made up for this. They haven't kept up with inflation.   Don't let anybody tell you we are winning the war on high prices. We  are getting inflation down, no thanks--no thanks--to the Biden  administration and, quite frankly, the U.S. Congress. That is thanks to  the Federal Reserve. They have tightened interest rates, which has hurt  a lot of people, but they have gotten inflation down. They had to do it  with one arm tied behind their backs because the other way you attack  inflation and the only way we have ever successfully gotten it down is  to have Congress do its part and reduce the rate of growth and spending  and debt accumulation. But we haven't done that. We haven't done that.  In fact, since 2019, the population of the United States of America is  up 1.9 percent. Our country has grown 2 percent since 2019. Do you know  how much our budget has grown? Fifty-five percent.    This inflation is manmade, and the man's name is Joe Biden, and we  need to address it.   So as we fight a hostile world which day by day is becoming less safe  for the American people, I don't want us to lose sight of another  problem--an equally important problem--that is stealing the American  dream, and it is called President Biden's inflation.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   