 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member  for their work in bringing these important resolutions to the floor,  and I stand in strong support of them in calling for the release of  Evan Gershkovich and Paul Whelan. I thank my great colleague, Haley  Stevens, for our work together as co-chairs of the Task Force on  American Hostages and Americans Wrongfully Detained Abroad here in this  House, and I am grateful for her relentless advocacy for Paul and his  family.   While we continue our work to get Americans out of these countries  that are holding them only because they have a blue passport, I believe  more has to be done, Mr. Speaker, to stop this trend that you can  simply take and wrongfully hold an American with impunity.   Mr. Speaker, listen to these statistics from the Foley Foundation's  2022 report: 175 percent increase in the incidents of U.S. nationals  being wrongfully detained compared to the previous decade; a 60 percent  increase in  [[Page H2799]]  the average duration of a U.S. national's captivity over the past 11  years.   Mr. Speaker, 75 percent of U.S. nationals currently wrongfully  detained are held by who? Iran, China, Venezuela, Syria, Russia.   From 2012 to 2022, an average of 34 Americans were wrongfully held by  foreign governments each year.   Now, when you put that in contrast to the decade of 2001 to 2011,  there were only five. This is the chairman's point: There was a 580  percent increase in the past 10 years of Americans being taken and held  hostage--mostly by governments. It is shocking.   The number of releases of Americans is not keeping up with new  detentions. While the Levinson Act and our current hostage response  efforts are important pieces to ensuring better transparency for our  detainee families who are at home suffering--I think that process has  significantly improved in the recent years, and I thank the State  Department for that--it is still clear that adversarial countries  believe they can take and hold an American with impunity.   We must do more. While we work on doing more, I will continue to come  to this House floor and support resolutions like the ones we are voting  on today. They are critically important to show the families and the  wrongful detainees that the U.S. House stands with them and demands  their release.   Mr. Speaker, I call on all of my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to support Paul and Evan and their families with their votes  today.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me the time.   