 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Oklahoma for yielding.   My friends on the other side of the aisle are so concerned all the  time about civil rights, having the majority for the last few years,  they are not interested. They are not interested in what the American  people or the little guy has been enduring every day when he comes home  from a hard day's work. He watches the TV, and asks: How many more  times do I have to say, huh, I told you so?   We just had Social Security numbers of the targets of the so-called  J6 investigation released to the public.   Huh, I told you so. No surprise there.   What about the school board association working in collaboration with  the White House, working in collaboration with the White House and the  Department of Justice to intimidate American citizens.   Thirty miles from here, just a little drive from here, a young lady  was raped. A schoolgirl was raped, and her father was concerned about  her safety and had the gall to question the school board.   And what does he get?   Persecution and intimidation by his own Federal Government.   I told you so. We all told you so.   People on important committees in this institution lie on national TV  over and over and over again with no consequence. They come home and  say: Yeah, I told you so. That is not a big surprise here.   The Federal Government is collaborating with Big Tech to silence  Americans' voices.   Where are their civil liberties?   The Federal Government is collaborating with Big Tech and the health  agencies to silence information that concerns the health of every  single American citizen.   Yeah, I told you so.   How many more times?   I ask the minority: How many more times do we have to say ``I told  you so'' before you will recognize the overwhelming power and the abuse  of power by this Federal Government? Will you ever do anything about  it?   Do you know when you want to do something about it?   When you think you have the Presidency in 2024 and you try and regain  this House, then you are going to be all into it investigating all your  enemies.   That is not what the Federal Government is supposed to be for. It is  supposed to protect our civil rights, so we don't serve it but so that  it serves us.   