 Mr. Chair, my colleague from the other side of the aisle  just talked about electric vehicles and how clean they are.   Well, let me ask you something. Why would you mine those critical  minerals, Mr. Chair, in a foreign adversarial land under zero  environmental standards and zero labor standards, when we can do it  better here in this country?   In the district that I have the privilege of representing, we have  the biggest copper-nickel find in the world to help mine these critical  minerals safely.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle and this administration,  Mr. Chair, won't even let us mine those minerals here in the United  States of America. They would rather have the polluting Chinese  Communist Party mine these minerals and then say we want to get to this  green energy and turn a blind eye to the atrocities and the child slave  labor coming from the communist country of China and the Congo where 15  of those 19 industrial mines are owned by the Chinese communist country  who employ child slave labor.   Don't tell me that electric vehicles are cleaner.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment. I believe  in promoting equal opportunities for all, irrespective of race, color,  or creed.  [[Page H4564]]    However, the National Farm to School Network's Racial Equity Learning  Lab takes an approach that contradicts the core values of our Nation.   The Farm To School movement was started to help give schools and  students access to locally produced farm fresh foods and provide a new  market for our local farmers.   It is unfortunate that the National Farm to School Network has  decided to force radical ideology into these programs.   The proposed Racial Equity Learning Lab's stated goal is to teach  participants to apply a ``racial equity lens'' to their work within the  farm to school program.   It seeks to inject critical race theory and identity politics into  our educational institutions, perpetuating an agenda that emphasizes  differences rather than uniting us as Americans. This follows a  dangerous and growing trend in America to view everything through the  lens of race.   While the National Farm to School Network itself has laudable goals  of encouraging healthier eating habits among students and supporting  local agriculture, it should do so without embracing divisive  ideologies.   We should be fostering an environment where children from all  backgrounds come together to learn and grow, understand the value of  hard work, personal responsibility, and the importance of community.   Mr. Chair, my amendment will ensure that no taxpayer money is used to  further steer the National Farm to School Network in the wrong  direction.   I ask that my colleagues join me in keeping critical race theory out  of our food systems and out of our schools. I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I rise again in support of my amendment and  ask my colleagues to do the same, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   