 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this month, during this year's first open  hearing for the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, national  security and military leaders gave a worldwide threat assessment of our  country and of our way of life.   They described threats to our homeland, to our key allies, to our  trading routes, to data privacy, and to our infrastructure, including  crucial space assets.   There was a common theme in the concerns that we heard from our  military and national security leaders; but, also, from what I have  heard, these things are confirmed by Kansans and Americans.   The People's Republic of China is our greatest foreign threat to  democracy, to our peace, and to our prosperity. At no time--this is not  just a throwaway line. At no time in my life have I been more concerned  about the enormity of the challenges our country faces.   The Chinese Communist Party, led by President Xi Jinping--the most  powerful leader of the CCP since Chairman Mao--is on a determined,  calculated mission to overtake the United States in fields that will  shape the 21st century.   Beijing is intent that rather than the United States of America  influencing world events in a way that favors and bends toward our  principles of a free and open world, they want China's authoritarian  model and they want the world bent their way.   China and its supporters would have the world move away from the  principles that have advanced global prosperity and toward the basic  belief that underwrites an autocratic authority, where the weaker are  destined to be ruled by the stronger.   We have seen this with China's political, economic, and direct  provision of nonlethal support to Russia, as Russia wages an unprovoked  war on Ukraine.   China operates the world's most advanced techno-surveillance state  that consolidates its power by monitoring, controlling, and subjecting  their people. And China is engaged in an ambitious, expansive plan to  export this model and the means of accomplishing it beyond their  borders.   The threat is to us and to those like us and to the rest of the  world. They want media, Big Tech, sports teams, and businesses to toe  the CCP line, to be ignorant of--or at least silent on--the gross  violations of basic human decency against the Uighurs, against Hong  Kong, and elsewhere across their country in response to COVID.   The CCP pursues a world, including America, under the thumb of their  power.   In a speech in April of 2020, Xi noted his intentions to increase  global supply chain dependencies on China, with an aim of controlling  key supply chains and being able to then use those supply chain  dependencies to threaten and to, ultimately, cut off foreign countries  during a crisis.  [[Page S846]]    As of the latest worldwide threat assessment, China produces 40  percent of the world's key vaccines and medical ingredients; and by  2025, it is estimated that it is on track to control 65 percent of the  important lithium-ion battery market--used in phones and cars and  almost every other device and appliance--and fabrication of one in five  semiconductors in the world.   China does not want the 21st century to be another American-led  century. They want the century to be one that witnesses the replacement  of American leadership with the leadership of the Chinese Communist  Party.   Two-thirds of global trade flows by ocean through the regions around  the South Pacific--what the Department of Defense calls the Indo- Pacific. The goods that Americans export and the imports that we depend  upon require a safe and reliable trade zone.   For decades, the U.S. military, at great expense, have kept the  oceans and airways safe and open. By those means, Americans have kept  the global commons safe for the benefit of our own peace and prosperity  and for the benefit of the world.   When America is militarily strong and our sovereignty secure, we can  shape and influence the terms of international commerce, international  behavior. The way we do business is the standard, and that reflects our  principles and leaves our fingerprints on the world.   Maintaining a strong U.S. economy requires trade agreements with  partners who adhere to agreed-upon rules ranging from market access to  the protection of intellectual property.   Our failure to participate in such agreements or update them to meet  the realities of the 21st century opens the door to greater Chinese  influence. This is a call for this administration and this Congress to  react and respond differently than we have done to date on trade and  trade agreements.   It is to our benefit and that of our trading partners to tie more of  the world to the United States and its economy and reap the benefits of  a vibrant international commerce. A stable Europe in which we  coordinate closely with our partners on military and economic  challenges is necessary to thwart China's rising influence.   America remains a coalescing force in Europe. Yes, I want Europeans  to do more in Europe, but America remains a coalescing force, and our  contributions have been essential to supporting Ukraine in its defense  against Russian aggression. With our continued assistance and an  increasing European leadership and resources, Ukraine will be able to  continue to push back Russian forces and preserve its sovereignty. A  defeat of Ukraine by Russia further emboldens China.   Separately, our commitment to NATO remains and must remain resolute,  and any threat to NATO territory must be met and will be met  decisively.   Our intelligence community assesses that it will take years for  Russia to rebuild its conventional military capabilities. NATO allies  must use this window, this opportunity to strengthen their defenses and  assume more responsibility for their security as we necessarily  increase support for allies and partners in the Indo-Pacific. It is  important for us to be able to pay attention to the Pacific, and we  expect and hope our European allies to be able to take a closer look  and watch the issues facing Europe today and in the future.   Despite its failures in Ukraine, we cannot ignore that Russia remains  a threat. Russia possesses a massive nuclear arsenal, and Moscow has  significant cyber, anti-satellite, and underwater capabilities.   Strikingly, China views Russia as an essential partner in the  struggle against democratic values. As I speak now, President Xi is in  Moscow meeting with President Putin, strengthening the relationship in  pursuit of offering an alternative to American leadership, and by  ``American,'' I mean something more than just the country of the United  States of America; American values and Americans' care and concern for  people around the globe.   The threats to American freedom, to world freedom and world security  and prosperity, are not all challenges we face from foreign militaries.  We also require vigilance on our border. All States really are border  States, and when we fail to enforce this Nation's geographic  sovereignty, we harm our Nation. There is no nation, in fact, without  borders. Perhaps there is no greater tragic effect of our current  failed border policies than the fentanyl and other drugs, sent from  China to Mexico, coming across our borders.   We also must produce and we must manufacture goods here in the United  States. The United States cannot be reliant upon our adversaries. We  cannot hope for something to be delivered in the future in times of  crisis. We have to be reliant on ourselves for our critical supplies of  medicine, of food, of technology, and energy. We have to learn from our  earlier errors discovered during the COVID-19 pandemic. This includes  prioritizing American manufacturing and educating a technically skilled  workforce. That is why we must fully and faithfully implement the CHIPS  and Science Act that was signed into law last year.   A democratically and economically stronger America will be a more  respected America. It is not enough to enlist and maintain the support  of wealthy democracies in our vision of a free and open world. Our  diplomats must be able to compete to convince countries that have grown  skeptical of American leadership that we have not lost our way.   As former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, a Kansan, wrote, ``We  must better communicate the good that we do.'' This includes our  generosity to countries after natural disasters and our support in  fighting global hunger. Each of us here and Americans across the  country know that our Nation faces many challenges, but if we can have  the eyes to see the thread that runs through those challenges, we will  recognize that we have a determined adversary who is waging a new cold  war.   Our domestic disagreements run deep, but the myriad of challenges we  face from abroad should help us see the need to work together in this  Senate, in this Congress, with this administration, and across the  country, to work together to urgently address the threats we face. We  need to be the democracy that remains the shining light on the hill. We  need to be the role model Nation. Our divisions among ourselves and  allegations that divide us only harm our ability to lead in this world,  to meet the challenges we face from our adversaries.   We have a great inheritance. This country remains the best place on  Earth to live. We live in a nation founded on principles, and those  principles are of human equality, of the rights of men and women. We  understand that basic rights come from God, not from government, but  that government is here and is instituted for the purpose to secure and  preserve those rights.   We ought to debate, argue, and discuss everything that our country  faces together, but the ultimate outcome has to be one of common  purpose, of preserving the freedoms that were created by our Founding  Fathers in a Constitution that is sacred and making certain that those  who have forgone their lives on behalf of us in previous battles, that  their honor is preserved and their lives they lost were not lost in  vain.   When America is strong and secure, we ensure that Americans are free  and prosperous and that the entire world has a greater chance to join  us, to remain with us in the pursuit of those freedoms and that  prosperity.   I have a personally renewed determination to work with all of my  colleagues to steward the privilege and responsibility that have been  bestowed upon me by Kansans and all of us by our fellow citizens so  that this century remains an American century, with liberty and human  well-being better secured for all around the globe.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   