 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of all Texans and all Americans  whose lives have been put at risk by the untenable crisis at our  southern border.   Let's just look at the numbers. In the 2 years that this President  has been in office, there have been over 5 million encounters at the  southern border, 1.4 million got-aways, and countless numbers of people  who matched not only the terrorist watch list, but also criminal  organizations. That totals nearly 6\1/2\ million people.   To put that in perspective, that is bigger than over 33 States in the  United States. Among those 5 million, our Border Patrol have caught  nearly 200 known and suspected terrorists trying to cross into our  country illegally. This should not only concern every American, but it  also outrages Americans who want law and order and safety to be  considered.   What I am even more concerned about is: How many among the 1.4  million got-aways would match that list that we don't know about?   This is something that I have been sounding the alarm bells for my  entire time in Congress. It is something that, unfortunately, my  Democrat colleagues have buried their heads in the sand and refused to  address for the last 2 years.   I could continue talking about the terrible numbers all day, about  the 15,000 criminals arrested, the 14,000 pounds of fentanyl that have  been seized, which, by the way, is enough to kill 3 billion people, and  that is just in the last 6 months.   Instead, I will turn the focus of today's discussion about border  security back to the tragedies, the human tragedies, which are  affecting every district, including mine.   Americans like Elisa Tambunga whose 7-year-old daughter and 71-year- old grandmother were tragically killed by human traffickers doing 105  miles an hour with 11 illegal immigrants in the back seat who hit their  car and instantly killed them. They are the victims.   Let's talk about the 700 unaccompanied migrant children who have been  [[Page H2228]]  displaced and separated. These 700 unaccompanied migrants were dropped  off in Midland, Texas, trafficked by traffickers away from their  parents, and dropped off in the middle of the night. They are the  victims.   What about fathers like Joe Warnick of Odessa, Texas, who found his  17-year-old son dead after taking a pill laced with fentanyl. He is a  victim, along with 110,000 Americans last year who lost their lives  to fentanyl.    The 53 migrants who died in the sweltering heat in the back of a  tractor trailer south of San Antonio, Texas, last year, they are the  victims. These are real people.   This is not just a border crisis. This is a national security  emergency. Texans demand a solution.   Today, I am proud to join my colleagues in supporting H.R. 2, the  Secure the Border Act.   The timing of this legislation could not be more precise with the  ending of title 42. Our bill will force the administration to restart  construction of the border wall. It will deploy much-needed technology  to the border. It will increase the number of border agents and give  them the well-deserved bonuses that they need to maintain their  services.   Several of my original provisions have been included in this package  to require the administration to own up to the total number of known  got-aways or known and suspected terrorists crossing the border each  month, as well as outlining the costs that are incurred by States like  Texas.   Mr. President, how many more lives will be lost?   How many will it take to take action?   That is why Republicans are not ignoring this crisis. We are taking  action. We are restoring the security of our border.   I am extremely proud to stand here with Chairman Mark Green and his  efforts, and Speaker McCarthy, to pass a bill that will finally secure  the border and do what Americans put us here to do.   