 Mr. President, as chairman of the Senate Finance  Committee, I am pleased to be joining my colleagues on the Senate floor  today to discuss the importance of Medicaid to American families.   Right now, Republicans in the House of Representatives are pushing a  scheme that threatens Medicaid coverage for over 20 million Americans.   Over the course of the evening, my colleagues on the Senate Finance  Committee and I will make clear why this is a bad deal for all  Americans. Democrats in the Senate won't stand for it.   Now I am going to turn it over to Senator Casey for his remarks, and  I believe we will have other Senators from the Finance Committee coming  next. And I will wrap it up.   Senator Casey.    We are going to recognize next our distinguished colleague  from Massachusetts. I just want to say, Senator Casey has made, as is  usually the case, an eloquent argument that preventing default and  standing up for the most vulnerable people, those two are not mutually  exclusive. You can do both.   And Senator Casey's arguments, as is usually the case in our Senate  Finance Committee, really strike home to this Senator. And I want to  thank him for day in and day out talking common sense and making it  clear that default is unacceptable and harming so many vulnerable  Americans, in Pennsylvania, Oregon, Massachusetts, and elsewhere, is  also unacceptable. And I thank my friend.   And we have another passionate advocate for people who are vulnerable  from the Senate Finance Committee, our friend from Massachusetts  Senator Warren.    Mr. President, before she leaves, I would like to thank my  colleague for an eloquent statement that really lays this case out, and  I am going to try to pick up now where you left it, and I thank you for  it.   These compelling arguments from the Senators from Pennsylvania and  Massachusetts show the importance of Medicaid to all of us on our side,  and I am just going to wrap up by laying out three key laws in the  House Republican proposal to cut Medicaid.   First, most Americans with health coverage through Medicaid are  already working if they are able.   Second, the House Republican plan to cut Medicaid is going to put  millions of Americans at risk, including seniors in nursing homes. And  I am going to describe a little bit later how that happens.   And, third, the track record laid out by Senator Warren shows that  working requirements have been a bureaucratic nightmare for Americans.   It is hard, Senator Warren, to figure out how the so-called ``small  government'' Republicans have become so fond of bureaucracy and  redtape.   Here is why House Republicans want to slash Medicaid by billions.  They say it is about work. It is really about securing an ideological  trophy on the evidence-free proposition that Americans near the poverty  line are actively choosing to stay there instead of working.   So what has this work reporting requirement really been about? It has  been about ripping away health coverage from Americans who Republicans  have judged to be unworthy.   Don't take it from me. An analysis from the Kaiser Family Foundation  paints a pretty clear picture of who is going to be at risk of losing  coverage.   As of 2021, there are 25 million adults ages 19 to 64 who are  enrolled in Medicaid. Forty-three percent are working full time, and 18  percent are working part time. I will stop right there and note that  that is equal to the national labor force participation rate at 61  percent.   For the remainder with Medicaid coverage who are not working, 13  percent are caregiving for a child or relative; 11 percent are unable  to work because of illness or disability; 6 percent are attending  school. The remaining 9 percent of Americans are not working because  they are retired or unable to work.   Here is the catch. Under the House Republican scheme, the majority of  these Americans would be forced to report to the States whether they  are working and how much, each and every month, under the threat of  losing their health insurance. My Republican colleagues are fond of  sharing their small government bona fides, but to me that sounds like a  lot of bureaucratic redtape. What is worse, the Congressional Budget  Office found in an analysis just last year that these work requirements  that we are talking about did not increase employment.   Mr. President, now I am going to explain how this ill-conceived  proposal is going to hurt more Americans than those who are subject to  work requirements.   The House Republican bill cuts Medicaid by over $100 billion. It  comes from one source: Americans getting kicked off Medicaid. The only  way for Americans to retain Medicaid coverage would be for States to  pick up the whole bill. That means you are just shifting the Federal  share of Medicaid on to States that don't want to saddle their health  programs with more bureaucracy and bureaucracy that has never been  shown to increase employment.   Shifting Medicaid costs to States has real consequences. This is not  some kind of abstract theory. When the Federal Government reduces how  much it contributes to a State's Medicaid Program, the State has to  make up the difference. That means States face tough choices about  which Americans will have health coverage and whether hospitals and  nursing homes are going to face funding cuts which threaten their  ability to stay open. Doctors could see their pay cut. State options,  like a full year of postpartum care, which Congress created on a  bipartisan basis, something which has been of special importance to the  Presiding Officer, would be subject to cancellation.   These cuts will jeopardize our parents' or spouse's access to  Medicaid nursing home benefits or cut resources for home care, which  allows people with disabilities and the elderly to receive care in  their homes instead of moving into an institution.   Unfortunately--and I will close with this--there are real-world  examples to illustrate what happens when a State conducts  counterproductive bureaucratic requirements. During the Trump  administration, Federal health Agencies allowed Arkansas to conduct  this work reporting experiment. Within the first year, 18,000 people  lost Medicaid coverage, about a quarter of those subject to work  reporting. A year later, nearly 90 percent of those who lost coverage  had not reenrolled. Those who were enrolled in the Arkansas Works, as  it was titled, program painted a very bleak picture. Reporting their  work was all kinds of redtape. The website was down nights and  weekends, supposedly for maintenance, and plagued by errors, difficult  to access on mobile devices. Calling the help line resulted in an  endless parade of robotic questions and dead ends.   These are just some of the hoops that bureaucrats designed primarily  to keep Americans from health coverage. Keep in mind that these are  families who walk an economic tightrope every week, balancing food  against housing, housing against transportation. Many don't have  reliable access to the internet or a cell phone, especially true in  rural areas.   It is no secret that affordable health coverage is critical to  staying healthy and financially stable. If you need medical treatment  but you can't afford it, getting or keeping work up is going to be that  much harder. That is why this policy envisioned in the House is upside  down and cruel. It slams the door and throws away the key on Americans  trying to get back on their feet. The reality is that having Medicaid  health coverage supports Americans' ability to join the workforce. It  doesn't deter them from working.   And it is not just Medicaid that the House Republicans want to come  after. My colleagues talked about food assistance, like SNAP. I mean,  you talk about food assistance, a real lifeline to people staying  healthy.   Even in the early months of this Congress, I want to say tonight that  it is possible to find lots of room for bipartisan agreement on  healthcare. Right now, I am working closely with my partner on the  Senate Finance Committee, my colleague from Idaho Senator Crapo, to  take on the drug middlemen known as the pharmacy benefit managers. I am  confident that we can find common ground, and we will be on the Senate  floor with this idea to make a positive, bipartisan change for American  families.    For everybody who is paying attention to this, it is not a big secret  that there are other ways to save taxpayer dollars. You know, last  week, the Senate Finance Committee dug into the question of how the big  pharma companies generate their sales. Almost all of them are in the  United States, and then for purposes of paying taxes, they race  overseas for lower rates and hiding their profits.   I will close by saying that, in cutting vulnerable people, like I  think is going to happen with all of this back-and-forth in States that  are trying to figure out how to pay their bills, it is going to hurt  nursing home patients.   What this is all about is the House is going to create an entirely  new level of bureaucracy and paperwork, all in the name of taking away  health coverage for more Americans. This is not a proposition that  colleagues on this side of the aisle are going to support.   I want it understood as we wrap up, as chairman of the Senate Finance  [[Page S1645]]  Committee, I am going to work with my colleagues on our committee and  throughout this side of the Chamber to fight these policies that come  after Medicaid. We will fight them every step of the way because they  are wrong, wrong, wrong.   I yield the floor.   