 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I join my colleagues today to discuss  the need to reform our Nation's broken Federal permitting process.   Today, it often takes longer to navigate the Federal permitting  process than it does to actually construct a project. It currently  takes, on average, 4\1/2\ years or more to complete an environmental  impact statement, or EIS. For a quarter of projects, it can take 6  years or more to complete an environmental impact statement. That is  because some radical environmental groups have really weaponized the  National Environmental Policy Act, NEPA, and they are exploiting what  has become a more and more opaque and convoluted Federal permitting  process. This uncertainty not only drives up the cost of future  projects, it is being applied to projects currently permitted in good  faith.   Take, for instance, the Dakota Access Pipeline, which has been  operating safely for nearly 6 years in its transporting of over a half  a million barrels of crude oil per day from North Dakota--light sweet  crude--and from the Fort Berthold Reservation and the Three Affiliated  Tribes. It takes it to market, and it is used in our country to fuel  our economy. The Army Corps held 389 meetings, conferred with more than  55 Tribes, and completed a 1,261-page environmental assessment before  the pipeline went into operation. Yet litigation continued following  the Federal approval and completion of the Dakota Access Pipeline, and  the Corps is currently expected to take more than 4 years to complete a  full environmental impact statement for about  [[Page S1483]]  two-tenths of a mile, crossing under the Missouri River. Subjecting a  completed $3.78 billion project to litigation without reasonable limits  cannot be the new normal.   Delays and uncertainty drive up the costs of projects, and opponents  are exploiting a more and more complicated permitting process so that  delay becomes defeat. American consumers are paying the price for this  regulatory uncertainty, particularly through higher energy costs.   Increasing the supply and lowering the cost of energy is key to  attacking inflation because the cost of energy is built into every  other good and service consumed across our economy. To accomplish this  goal, the Biden administration needs to take the handcuffs off American  energy producers and work with us on bipartisan permitting reform.   A good first start would be for the Senate to consider H.R. 1, the  Lower Energy Costs Act, which recently passed the House on a bipartisan  vote. H.R. 1 includes comprehensive permitting reforms that will  unleash more American energy and make it more efficient and affordable  to deliver energy to our Nation.   H.R. 1 also includes three pieces of legislation that I have  introduced in the Senate.   First, the North American Energy Act brings certainty to the  permitting process for important cross-border energy pipelines and  electric transmission line projects and prevents the President from  taking unilateral action in canceling vital energy projects like he did  with the Keystone XL Pipeline.   Second, the Promoting Interagency Coordination for Review of Natural  Gas Projects Act streamlines the review process for interstate natural  gas pipelines and LNG projects, helping to more efficiently deliver  natural gas to areas that need it the most.   Third, the Bureau of Land Management Mineral Spacing Act improves the  permitting process in States like North Dakota with a split mineral  estate where the Federal Government owns no surface acreage--none of  the surface acres--and has a minority interest in the minerals  underneath.   The United States is fortunate to have abundant and affordable  reserves of coal, oil, and gas, and U.S. energy companies are global  leaders when it comes to producing more energy with the highest  environmental standards. We need to empower our producers with a clear,  consistent, and timely Federal permitting process. Otherwise, we will  once again become dependent on unstable and adversarial countries like  Iran, Venezuela, Russia, and even China--countries hostile to our  economic and national security interests.   That is why meaningful permitting reform is needed to create jobs,  enhance our geopolitical competitiveness, and bring down costs for  hard-working families.   With that, I yield the floor.   