 Madam President, in the depths of World War II raging in  Europe, a group of people decided to charter a ship and come to the  United States. They were Jewish people from European countries. The  ship was known as the USS St. Louis. It went to the port in Havana,  Cuba, and was turned away. It tried to land in the United States and  was turned away again. It eventually returned to Europe, a boatload of  Jewish people. Hundreds of them died in the Holocaust.   We reflected on that after World War II and decided it was not a  period in American history that we should take pride in but a lesson to  us of what happens when people are in desperate situations and ask for  help.   I believe it was in 1951 that we entered into the Geneva Convention,  an agreement when it came to refugees who sought refuge at the shore.  The United States, under Presidents of both political parties, wanted  to establish once and for all that what happened to the USS St. Louis  did not reflect the values of the United States of America. So in 1951,  we established, with many nations around the world, a standard for what  to do with refugees, people who sought refuge in your country because  of fear of staying in their own country.   The system worked well for us for many decades, but now we are facing  a new challenge we have never seen before. The number of refugees from  around the world is at a recordbreaking pace--some refugees because of  war, some because of fear, religious belief, state of the environment-- and they are moving in massive numbers all over the globe, particularly  into Europe and the United States.   So we have seen recordbreaking numbers appearing at our border to the  south of our country, and we have heard from the other party quite a  bit about this--deservedly so.   I am a person who believes in immigration. My mother was an immigrant  to this country, and I am proud to be in the Senate, a first-generation  American, representing the great State of Illinois, as the Presiding  Officer does. But I understand the overwhelming numbers we are facing  at the border and President Biden is facing really argue for us to take  a hard look at the way we approach this.   If you have ever been to an immigration court--and I have in the city  of Chicago--it is an overwhelming experience. You see people standing  three and four deep against the wall, waiting for their numbers to be  called. Usually--in fact, almost without fail--their cases are  postponed for another 6 months or another year.   It takes years for a person's refugee claim to be litigated. That is  just plain wrong. Justice delayed in this situation is clearly justice  denied. And the fact that half of them don't win in their litigation is  an indication that if they were tried at an earlier date, the  resolution of their future would be obvious.   So now we hear from our Republican friends that before we can provide  any more military assistance to Ukraine in their war against Vladimir  Putin, the war criminal from Moscow, if we are going to provide any  assistance to Israel to fight off the Hamas terrorism  [[Page S5702]]  group, we have to resolve the problems at our southern border before we  can go forward.   It troubles me because I have been working on immigration for at  least 20 years, maybe more, and I know how difficult the issue is. It  is hard to explain in the United States of America, a nation of  immigrants, why immigration is such a hot, controversial topic.  Virtually everyone in this country is only a generation or two removed  from being an immigrant to this country, and yet there has been  resistance throughout our history--unless we needed cheap labor to  build the transcontinental railroad, when we invited Chinese workers to  come in. We treated them, unfortunately, in an inhumane fashion and  didn't give them, largely, the eligibility to become citizens. But we  needed the labor. We needed the workers. It has happened many times  before.    What troubles me about the debate now about the southern border is it  is one-half of the immigration equation. Yes, we need order at the  border. Yes, we need to have changes in the laws that reflect the  reality of the overwhelming numbers from all over the world who are  coming to our shores and our border. But there is also an incredible  demand for legal immigration into this country even now.   The Presiding Officer, my colleague from the State of Illinois, has  legislation which addresses one aspect of that. Her bill--and I hope I  describe it accurately--says that if you are an undocumented person in  this country and you can pass the physical and the required tests,  background test and the like, you can serve in our military, and if you  do it honorably, we will make you citizens of the United States.   Do we need that? Do you know what the recruiting numbers are at the  Army and the Navy and the Air Force? They can't reach their quotas each  month. They can't find enough people to join our military forces. There  are those who are undocumented who want the chance to serve and risk  their lives for this country. Should we give them the chance? I think  we should.   Let me tell you about others that we need. In my State of Illinois,  in the inner city in Chicago and the rural areas downstate, we are  holding our breath, hoping that we can keep hospitals open. Do you know  why? We don't have enough medical personnel. Yet there are people all  around this world who have medical credentials as doctors and nurses  and skilled technicians who want to come to the United States, but we  don't give them the chance.   I think it is a reasonable thing to do. I think it would make us a  better nation and a healthier nation to keep those hospitals open, and  they are desperate to find new personnel. We need legal immigration for  that.   The same holds true when it comes to agricultural workers. In our  State of Illinois, we desperately need them for virtually every aspect  of farming and agriculture. Are they available and ready to come? Yes.  But we need a change in the immigration law to reach that.   The point I am trying to make is there are many issues involving  immigration. Enforcement and making certain that the people who come  here are not a danger to our country are primary. The second to that is  to make sure we have an orderly process, and third, that we recognize  that legal immigration is needed now more than ever.   A few years back, I was part of an effort called the Gang of Eight-- John McCain, myself, Chuck Schumer. We came together and wrote a  comprehensive immigration bill. It hadn't been done for over 25 years.  We brought it to the floor of the Senate, and it passed.   You see, we have 11 million undocumented people in the United States.  They are people who are raising families, going to work, attending  churches and synagogues and temples that you attend. They are part of  America, but legally they are not on the books.   If we had a system I think that is fair, that passed the U.S. Senate,  which said once and for all they can step forward out of the shadows,  register with the government, pay their fair share of taxes, pay into  Social Security, help us deal with the financial challenges of our  entitlement system, and work in this country legally, registered, and  we know exactly where they live--that, to me, is a sensible approach.  It is one that passed on the floor of the Senate. It is one which we  should turn to again.   As we are giving work permits to those who are in temporary protected  status, we should be giving work permits to those who have been here  for years and years, raised a family, and proven that they can be a  good neighbor to anyone in this country. Give them a chance to legally  work. I think that is important, and we should do that.   I want to tell you a story about one person. She is a resident of the  State of Illinois.   Twenty years ago, I introduced the DREAM Act. The DREAM Act said that  if you were brought here as an infant, toddler, or small child, you  should be given a chance to earn your way to citizenship in America.   When they test this proposition across the country, Democrats and  Republicans agree that is only fair. Those little kids didn't have a  vote when their family decided to come to the United States. They have  grown up here. They have been educated in our schools here. They have  advanced degrees. They want to be part of America's future, and they  should be given that chance.   Well, unfortunately, the bill did not pass. But President Barack  Obama, the former Senator from Illinois, created a program called DACA,  which addressed that very serious gap in immigration law for these  young people. Eight hundred thousand young people qualified for the  DACA Program. Now it is under attack in the courts, and the question  is, Will it survive even for those 800,000? I am not sure it will. But  we do know that these Dreamers can offer a lot to this country. Let me  tell you the story of one of them.   Her name is Mitchell Soto-Rodriguez. She first came to Blue Island,  IL, from Mexico City as a 9-year-old with her family. When she was a  sophomore in high school, Mitchell was in a car accident with her mom  and sister. The police officer who came to the scene made an impression  by being respectful, professional, and speaking Spanish to make her  mother feel more comfortable. The experience prompted Mitchell to  decide that she wanted to serve her community as a police officer.    Mitchell obtained an associate's degree from Moraine Valley Community  College in Palos Hills, IL. Last year, she graduated magna cum laude  from Governors State University with a bachelor's degree in criminal  justice.   Understanding how immigrants contribute to our communities, Blue  Island decided to permit DACA recipients like Mitchell to work as  police officers. Today, Mitchell serves her community as a part-time  police officer while she is attending the police academy and working as  a security officer at the local high school.   But DACA was always intended to be a temporary solution for Dreamers  like Mitchell. Since President Obama established the program,  Republicans have waged a relentless campaign to overturn it and deport  these Dreamers back to the countries they may not even remember. The  permanent solution is enacting a piece of legislation that I did  introduce 20 years ago, the DREAM Act. It would provide a path to  citizenship for Dreamers all across the country.   Without permanent protections, these young people have been forced to  live in limbo and fear that DACA will be overturned by the courts. They  have to renew their status every 2 years, which means their lives are  in 2-year increments.   In September, a Federal judge in Texas declared the DACA Program  illegal, though the decision left in place protections for current  recipients like Mitchell while her appeal is pending.   Until the DREAM Act is passed, Mitchell's service to her community  and to our Nation is at risk, as is the service that so many Dreamers  are providing in their communities as teachers, medical professionals,  servicemembers, and so much more.   Immigrants have been a critical part of the American success story,  and our Nation needs immigrants like Mitchell and her family more than  ever today. If DACA is struck down, experts predict that our economy  will lose billions of dollars, $11.7 billion in lost wages. And without  continued legal immigration, the U.S. working-age population will  [[Page S5703]]  shrink by over 6 million by 2040. As more Americans retire, this could  contribute to a 23-percent reduction in the monthly Social Security  checks that beneficiaries have been promised.   These young people, these DACA recipients and many others, want to be  part of our economy, pay their taxes, pay into Social Security, and we  desperately need them to do it. With over 9\1/2\ million jobs open  right now in America, our farmers, hospitals, and small business owners  desperately need immigrants to meet their workforce needs.   To resolve these challenges, we should create additional lawful  pathways for immigrants to work in the United States. We should also  give our undocumented population--most of whom have been here for  decades--legal status so they can fully contribute to our society.   I am ready to negotiate with my Republican colleagues in good faith  to solve the problem at the border. And it needs a solution. I readily  acknowledge that. But at the same time, I hope they will take a  positive approach as well knowing that we desperately need legal  immigration. And if people are clear to come to our country for that  purpose, we will be better for it in so many different levels.   There are some on the other side--I am going to be very blunt about  this--who believe in the theory of not one more immigrant in this  country. They don't know the history of the United States. They don't  know what these immigrants have meant to us. In my family and the  families across the whole country, you can point to immigrants who have  made a solid difference in building a family and in building an economy  which we all prosper from today.   So let's get it right when it comes to enforcement at the border, but  let's not tell half the story. Let's tell the other half of the story  that legal immigration is critical to our future, and people like  Mitchell Soto-Rodriguez, who is wanting to serve as a police officer in  her community in Illinois, is an asset to this country, and we need her  in our future.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, today, the Senate will vote to confirm  Irma Carrillo Ramirez to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth  Circuit.   Born in Brownfield, TX, Judge Ramirez received her B.A. from West  Texas State University and her J.D. from the Southern Methodist  University Dedman School of Law. She then entered private practice at a  law firm in Dallas before going to work in the U.S. Attorney's Office  for the Northern District of Texas. During her 11 years as a litigator,  she tried nine cases to verdict, including four jury trials.   Since 2002, Judge Ramirez has served as a magistrate judge in the  Northern District of Texas. As a magistrate judge, she has presided  over 13 trials. She also served as the presiding judge in over 440  consent cases, and she has been assigned more than 2,400 cases for full  case management. In addition to her service as a magistrate judge,  Judge Ramirez currently presides over the reentry court in the Northern  District of Texas and helps oversee the district court's civil pro bono  panel.   Judge Ramirez is strongly supported by both of her home State  Senators--Mr. Cornyn and Mr. Cruz--and the American Bar Association  unanimously rated her as ``well qualified'' to serve on the Fifth  Circuit. She has deep ties to Texas, and her significant experience as  both an advocate and magistrate judge will serve her well on the Fifth  Circuit.   If confirmed, Judge Ramirez will be the first Hispanic woman to serve  on the Fifth Circuit and the only active Hispanic judge on the Fifth  Circuit.   During Judge Ramirez's confirmation hearing, Senator Cornyn called  her ``exceptionally qualified'' and said that ``[y]ou can tell that  Texas is very proud of Judge Ramirez.'' I am proud to support her  nomination, and I urge my colleagues to join me.    I announce that the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Cardin) is  necessarily absent.   