 Madam President, yesterday, the Senate Appropriations  Committee heard from the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of  State about the administration's request for supplemental  appropriations. We heard about a wide range of threats to the national  security and the national interests of the American people.   Now, I believe that we need to support Israel, our staunch ally. We  see the Israelis fighting for their very existence. They need our help,  and they need it now. I believe this includes not only military  assistance but also standing against Iran. Various attacks have been  launched at U.S. forces across the Middle East since October 7, and  they have been launched at the behest of Iran--we know that--and we  must make it clear to Iran that there are consequences for attacking  U.S. forces.   In addition to support for Israel, I also recognize that we need to  support Ukraine. We know from history that tyrants like Putin do not  stop. They must be stopped. And as we support Ukraine, we need a  strategy for victory to end this war, not to have a continued  stalemate. Ukraine does not want the war to drag on, and neither do we.  So I will continue to press the Defense Department, as I did yesterday  with the Secretary of Defense, to ensure that we are on a path to win,  that Ukraine is on a path to win and end the conflict, not to have an  ongoing war.   So we need to support Israel, and we need to support Ukraine. But, at  the same time, enhancing our national security means we also need to  secure the homeland, and that means securing our southern border.   Border security is national security--I will repeat that: Border  security is national security. But this administration, the Biden  administration, does not have a plan in place to secure the border.  They are doing just the opposite. We have an open border--an open  border at a time when we are concerned about attacks from terrorists.   Last month, we had a record 270,000 illegal encounters at the  southern border. Last year, we had 2.5 million illegal encounters--also  a record. That includes 169 individuals who are on the Terrorist  Watchlist. I am sure our adversaries are very much aware of this  vulnerability.   The supplemental calls for funding to support ``border security.''  This administration's definition of ``border security'' is processing  migrants who illegally come across the southern border and then  providing them with housing, transportation, and other services once  they enter the United States. That will only encourage more illegal  immigration when we should be making every effort to get the border  under control.   The keys to securing the border and stopping the illegal crossings at  our southern border are simple, and we know what they are. The  solutions are there, but the administration won't apply them. And we  know--we are not guessing at this--because the last administration put  these in place, and they worked. They are reinstating the Migrant  Protection Protocols, meaning the ``Remain in Mexico'' policy, and  enforcing the safe third country agreements. They work. We know they  work. We have seen them work. The Biden administration has those tools,  but they won't use them. They won't enforce the law. As a result, we  have an open border, with 270,000 illegal encounters last month, 2.5  million last year, and 169 people encountered who are on the Terrorist  Watchlist.   How many came across who are on the Terrorist Watchlist whom we don't  know about--the ``got-aways''--at a time when we are worried about the  possibility of there being a terrorist attack in our country? What is  going on?   We need to also recontinue the construction of the border wall so  that the CBP can truly control this border. It is way past time to get  this done. These are the things that, I think, must be included as we  consider this funding. We need to secure our border as well. If we are  talking national security, we have to recognize that border security is  a vital part of national security, and that must be part of what we  include as we consider this funding. Again, I emphasize that border  security is national security.   I yield the floor.   