 Madam Speaker, the issue at hand is  actually a simple one: it is whether or not to declassify data  pertaining to the investigations into the origins of COVID. This is a  simple vote. The simplicity of this vote is in stark contrast to the  magnitude of the ramifications of this declassification process.   By declassifying, we will be able to seek clarity, give transparency,  and gain security, which is what the American people deserve.   By declassifying, we have a chance to ensure that the 7 million  people who died of COVID are honored correctly. This is a chance to  hold China accountable for COVID and seek justice and a reckoning.  Perhaps most importantly, it is a chance to prevent another man-made  pandemic such as this from wreaking havoc on the planet again.   I think it is shameful that some have politicized this issue. This  isn't political at all. Declassifying this information is simply the  right thing to do.   I have personally been cleared to handle classified information since  I was 18 years old, and the point of classifying information is to  protect American lives, whether it is civilians and/or military  personnel.    Information that is classified is material that would cause damage,  serious damage or exceptionally grave damage to national security if  made publicly available.   Now, the irony of this debate, however, is that the release of this  data will actually save lives and help prevent the loss of life in the  future. It will enhance our security, not degrade it. The continued  overclassification of this data at the highest level actually poses the  greatest threat to our Nation's security.   This is an easy and simple ``yes'' vote. The implications of this  will determine whether or not we are able to prevent such another  catastrophic pandemic from paralyzing us and taking so many lives.   I encourage all Members from both sides of the aisle to vote ``yes''  and enable us to get to the bottom of this, hold China accountable, and  defend us against any future CCP threats.   