 Mr. Speaker, it is so interesting to walk in and wonder  if you have walked into the middle of something.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman for yielding, and I am  honored to join my colleagues today in highlighting the accomplishments  and ongoing challenges facing high-quality healthcare access in rural  and remote parts of our country. Believe me, it covers a lot of our  geography.   Healthcare providers in areas like Michigan's First District face  unique struggles in maintaining financial stability while providing the  best possible care, struggles unlike anything facing those in urban or  suburban regions.   As a result, we have seen a significant increase in rural clinic and  hospital closures over the past decade, and many of those still  operating today are doing so at the razor's edge. A single provider  closing their doors could result in patients having to travel hundreds  of miles farther to receive any kind of care.   While the situation remains serious, we have seen promising  improvements for rural health, especially when it comes to  telemedicine. The pandemic underscored the need for and the efficacy of  telehealth, especially for those in rural areas who would otherwise be  forced to travel multiple hours just to receive a routine checkup or  consult with their doctor.   Congress must act to permanently extend pandemic telehealth  flexibilities, help providers and their patients get the tools they  need to utilize telemedicine, and continue to reduce government-imposed  barriers.   Let me also highlight the importance of the 340B drug pricing  program, which provides discounted pharmaceutical products to providers  that care for a disproportionate share of uninsured and at-risk  patients.   In my district alone, we have 20 340B hospitals helping to care for  our most vulnerable populations. These hospitals provide the best care  available.   The 340B program has been a critical component of healthcare for so  many Michiganders since its inception, and I hope to continue to work  with my colleagues to ensure its lasting success, especially as the  program faces new challenges that threaten its integrity.   I know our rural and remote providers will continue to do everything  in their power to provide top-of-the-line care to their patients. In  turn, Congress must continue to address rural health priorities and  remove the barriers to their success.   