 Mr. Speaker, this is indeed a resolution to roll back  sanctions and then hope that maybe we will reimpose them on some other  basis not detailed by the gentleman from Florida. This is not some  meaningless resolution to feel good about or to message about. It has  practical consequences.   How many more people would Assad have been able to kill if he had the  chance to cooperate economically with businesses here in the United  States? How many other dictators would feel free to develop chemical  weapons, would feel free to murder their own people and feel that they  would face no economic consequences from the United States?   Our policy has not turned Syria into a garden spot.   What would the world be like if America turned its back on the crimes  of Assad? Assad has killed more than half a million of his own people  and forced 12 million people to flee.   These particular sanctions are imposed on the Assad regime  specifically because of his support for Hamas and Hezbollah. Think of  that. We are having the President of Israel come here tomorrow, and  what would we greet him with but nothing but a rollback of sanctions  against two terrorists organizations who are trying to kill as many  Israeli civilians as possible every day of the week.   I think for us to be considering a pro-Israel resolution on this very  floor in a few hours, for us to be welcoming the President of Israel  tomorrow, and to have a resolution on this floor that would say it is  okay, support Hamas, support Hezbollah, watch them try to kill as many  Israelis as possible--they are not always successful, but they are  trying--I can't think of a more effective way to insult the President  of Israel when he stands on that podium and addresses us tomorrow.   Let us continue to do what we can and remember that these sanctions  do not expose a single American serviceman to risk of death or risk of  injury. We should at least be willing to use the economic power of the  United States to do what we can to rein in Syria and to make it clear  to other dictators that chemical weapons, mass murder, and support for  terrorism is not something that we will ignore.    Mr. Speaker, this is an excellent resolution. Israel is  not a racist or apartheid state. Congress should and does reject all  forms of anti-Semitism and xenophobia, and the United States will  always be a staunch partner and supporter of Israel.   However, why are we taking this up today?   We are taking this up today because one of our colleagues from the  State of Washington made a statement and then withdrew it.   The question is: Why didn't we take up this resolution when Nick  Fuentes, a Holocaust denier, was honored by the former President and  given a chance to have dinner with the former President at his home in  Mar-a-Lago?   That is when we should have dealt with this resolution.   We should have taken up this resolution when Kanye West had the honor  of dinner with Donald Trump, the former President of the United States.   We should have taken up this resolution when our colleagues, Mr.  Gosar and Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene, both at different times  joined Fuentes on stage, and in each case after they were denounced for  the anti-Semitic act of lending their authority to Mr. Fuentes, these  individuals did not withdraw, they did not apologize, and they did not  condemn Mr. Fuentes.    So we should believe in this resolution every day, and if we are  going to allocate floor time, it should be when Holocaust deniers are  honored by our colleagues and by the former President of the United  States.   Mr. Speaker, I will vote for this resolution today, but I will  believe in this resolution 365 days each year, including those days in  which certain others do something outrageous.    Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted  ``nay'' on rollcall No. 334, H.J. Res. 70.   