 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution, recognizing  Jewish American Heritage Month and the important contributions that  Jewish Americans have made to our history, our society, and our  culture. I thank Congresswoman Wasserman Schultz for introducing this  resolution and for her tireless work on this topic.   We, in the House of Representatives, have been marking Jewish  American Heritage Month since 2005. Of course, Jewish contributions to  the mosaic of the United States began centuries ago.  [[Page H2659]]  In fact, the Jewish-American community dates back to the mid-17th  century when 23 Jews fleeing the Portuguese Inquisition found refuge in  what we now call New York City in 1654.   Jewish families have put down roots across this country, and  thousands and thousands more have crossed oceans to seek security,  freedom, and religious liberty. That small Jewish community, which  began with 23 individuals fleeing the inquisition, has grown into more  than 6 million people. Jewish Americans have become part of the central  fabric of the United States.   As the most senior Jewish Member of Congress, I am proud to represent  a district with one of the largest Jewish communities in the United  States and one that is home to so many historic Jewish institutions  that represent the rich diversity of this community. This includes  Congregation Shearith Israel, which was founded by those 23 Jews in  1654, as well as the first Reconstructionist synagogue, the Society for  the Advancement of Judaism, which hosted the first bat mitzvah in the  United States and the first Ashkenazic synagogue in the United States,  Congregation B'Nai Jeshurun, which split off from Shearith Israel in  1829.   This May, during Jewish American Heritage Month, while we celebrate  that history and the contributions of Jewish Americans, we also  recommit ourselves to fighting anti-Semitism in all its forms.   Anti-Semitism is not a new presence in our society. It is a scourge  that has plagued Jewish communities around the world for millennia.  Still, the harrowing recent uptick in anti-Semitic attacks across the  country means that we must redouble our efforts to combat this hatred.   I applaud the White House for developing the first-ever National  Strategy to Counter Antisemitism, which was released just last week.  This historic effort includes concrete steps that we can all take,  including civil society, local government, Congress, and the executive  branch, to bring to life the priorities brought forth by this strategy.   This month and every month, we fight against anti-Semitism and  celebrate the countless contributions made by Jewish Americans.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz), the chief sponsor of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Manning).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from North Carolina.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Landsman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. Stevens).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Schneider).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Green).    Mr. Speaker, during Jewish American Heritage Month, we  celebrate the rich history and many contributions of Jewish Americans.  We also recognize that anti-Semitism continues to be a scourge on our  society that we must combat in all its forms.   I thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz) for  bringing forward this important resolution, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   