 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1345, the NTIA  Policy and Cybersecurity Coordination Act. This bill would promote  collaboration between security research and industry development,  preventing and mitigating future software vulnerabilities in  communications networks.   It is also important to codify NTIA's administering of information  sharing established in the Secure and Trusted Communications Network  Act. The NTIA is assigned with coordinating policy related to the  cybersecurity of communications networks.   These attacks on communications networks include those we have all  heard about: unauthorized access; distributed denial of service; man- in-the-middle attacks, where communications traffic is intercepted; and  code attacks, where malicious code can be passed to a server to make it  vulnerable. This is a serious problem.   Like the Secure and Trusted Communications Network Act, H.R. 1345  passed with unanimous, bipartisan support out of the Energy and  Commerce Committee.   We need to address cyberattacks in a more effective and coordinated  fashion to go after the bad actors attacking America's communications  networks.   I appreciate the good work of my colleagues, Representatives   John  Curtis and Susan Wild, and I strongly support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1338, the  Satellite And Telecommunications Streamlining Act. This bill amends the  Communications Act to clarify the Federal Communication Commission's  statutory role in licensing satellite communications systems.   While the FCC has long exercised the authority to license satellite  systems--and while Congress has recognized this authority--this bill  provides further direction on the agency when it comes to balancing and  considering novel issues throughout its licensing process.   For example, the FCC can use its current authority to regulate  satellite communications systems designed to ensure that related  aspects of radio stations in space can continue to serve the public  interest. This is on top of using its authority when considering the  complex use of electromagnetic spectrum by various satellite systems.   This bill would effectively simplify FCC space station licensing  rules, impose FCC licensing decision timelines, and add performance  standards to mitigate orbital debris to ensure safe operation in space.  It also clarifies FCC radio frequency sharing obligations to encourage  innovation and investment.   The bill is very clear. It does not expand the FCC's authority.   In terms of innovation, Mr. Speaker, spectrum is limited. Our  adversaries are not hindered by regulations. We need to streamline  this.   This bill passed with unanimous bipartisan support out of the Energy  and Commerce Committee in March. This is not unprecedented authority  for the FCC. In response to my Democrat colleague who claimed this  allows the FCC to act unilaterally; that is false.   In fact, this legislation constrains the FCC's authority to issue  rules around space safety to be aligned with the orbital debris  mitigation plan which is approved by the interagency.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill.   