 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to use a prop or  two during my remarks.    Mr. President, today, I would like to talk about a  distasteful subject to me--I get angry whenever I think about it-- fentanyl dealers. I hope there is a special place in Hell for them-- fentanyl dealers.   Today is National Fentanyl Awareness Day. In 2021, fentanyl killed  71,000 Americans. If you break down these sterile statistics, you will  see that somebody in our country dies from fentanyl poisoning every 7  seconds. There ought to be a special place in Hell for fentanyl  dealers.   And these aren't just sterile statistics. These are real people, and  they have real families whose lives are torn apart. A lot of these  deaths occur among young people. Fentanyl is now the leading cause of  death for Americans who are 18 to 49.   From 2020 to 2021, fentanyl deaths in our country increased by 24  percent. It was even more among young people.   What you allow is what will continue. And today, this body--the U.S.  Congress--allows fentanyl dealers to carry on their person, if they  would like to, enough fentanyl to kill 20,000 Americans before they  face a mandatory 5-year minimum sentence if they are caught. Until  these fentanyl dealers have to deal themselves with real consequences,  I think the carnage is going to continue.   I have a bill--it is called the Fairness in Fentanyl Sentencing Act  of 2023, and it will change what I just talked about drastically. It  will reduce the amount  [[Page S1558]]  of fentanyl that a fentanyl dealer has to possess before facing the  mandatory minimum 5 years of prison.   Now, I know you know this, but when you are dealing with fentanyl,  the amounts really matter. Fentanyl is 50 times more potent than  heroin--not 5, not 15--50 times more potent. It takes only 2 milligrams  to kill you.   Here is a pencil. Here is the point of the pencil. The amount of  fentanyl you can put on the point of a pencil will kill you.   Let me say that again.   The amount of fentanyl that you can put on the point of a pencil will  kill you.   Today, fentanyl dealers can carry up to 40 grams of fentanyl before  they face the mandatory minimum 5 years of prison.   And with me today is one of my colleagues, Mr. Wesley Davis, who is  also a good lawyer, I might add. This is 40 grams of fentanyl. It is  not actually fentanyl; it is flour. But if the flour were fentanyl,  this would be 40 grams. You can have this much--you have to have this  much before you get a minimum of a 5-year sentence. And remember the  pencil? Enough to go on the head of a pencil can kill you. But you have  to have this much--I don't know how many pencil points this is, but it  is a lot. You have to have this much to get a minimum 5-year sentence-- 40 grams.   It would kill 20,000 people. This amount will kill every Member of  this body 200 times over--every Member of this body 200 times over. And  thanks to us, and the laws that we passed, the fentanyl dealer would  just get a minimum 5-year sentence.   This bag has 400 grams in it. It is flour, but fentanyl would  represent the same thing. This has 400 grams. You have to have 400  grams, given the laws that we have passed, to face a mandatory 10-year  sentence, and 400 grams will kill 200,000 people dead as a doornail.   Shreveport, LA, in my State--some of you have been there; if you  haven't, you should visit--is home to 184,000 people. So a dealer has  to have 400 grams--an amount that would kill every man, woman, and  child in Shreveport, 400 grams--in order to get a mandatory 10-year  sentence.   These sentencing guidelines do not reflect how much damage can be  done with just a little bit of fentanyl. For example, fentanyl dealers  face a 5-year mandatory minimum sentence if they have 5 grams of  methamphetamine. To get 5 years in prison, you just have to have 5  grams of methamphetamine, but you have to have 40 grams of fentanyl,  which is 50 times more powerful than heroin. Does that make any sense  to anyone?   Meth is a bad drug. I am not defending meth. But it is not nearly as  lethal as fentanyl. This stuff will kill you, and people deal it every  day in America. They deal it every day, and they are not facing  consequences. In 2021, in fact, meth killed less than half as many  people as fentanyl. Yet fentanyl traffickers--fentanyl dealers--I don't  want to call them traffickers because that sounds too tame to me, too  beige. They are dealers. They are drug dealers. They are death dealers.  Fentanyl dealers can possess eight times as much fentanyl before facing  the same mandatory minimum sentence as somebody who is dealing meth. We  need a sentencing scheme that looks like somebody designed the damn  thing on purpose.   We need to have a Criminal Code that reflects fentanyl's lethal  force.   (Mr. MARKEY assumed the Chair.)   My bill, the Fairness in Fentanyl Sentencing Act of 2023, is pretty  simple. It will cut the fentanyl threshold for the 5-year mandatory  minimum sentence from 40 grams to 2 grams--from 40 grams to 2 grams.  You are not going to have 2 grams of fentanyl on you unless you are  dealing.   It would reduce the legal threshold for fentanyl analogs as well.  Fentanyl analogs are synthetic copycats of fentanyl, and actually,  these analogs can be even more lethal than pure fentanyl itself.   Today, a dealer can carry up to 10 grams of fentanyl analogs before  facing a 5-year mandatory minimum sentence. My bill would drop that  threshold down to half a gram. By doing this, my bill helps our  Criminal Code reflect the reality that fentanyl is not like other  drugs. It is not. I mean, as bad as meth is, as bad as PCP is, as bad  as crack cocaine is, as bad as heroin is, as bad as powder cocaine is,  fentanyl is in a class by itself.   The drug cartels who operate south of our border have found that  fentanyl is a cheap way to cut corners and to make more money. They use  fentanyl to make other drugs. They put fentanyl into cocaine. They put  it into heroin, which makes the final concoction cheaper and more  powerful. Today, everything from marijuana to Adderall can be laced  with lethal amounts of fentanyl on the black market. It gives the  concoction more kick, and the drug dealers make more money, which is  all they care about. If the drug dealers don't measure it right, it  will kill you.   Now, look, we all know that young people experiment, and many young  people--I dare say most young people--are going to try drugs. When my  son, whom I love more than life itself, was a youngster--he is no  longer young. Well, he is young.   I consider you and I young, Mr. President.   When my son was growing up--he is now a grown man--I would lecture  him about drugs, and I would say: Don't use them. I knew he was going  to try them, but I would say: Don't use them.   He said: Dad, why?   You get addicted. You get addicted.   I was always terrified that my son would get addicted and would fall  in with the wrong crowd.   That conversation today is different for parents with young  teenagers. Now it is, you can't even try it once--not fentanyl. You  can't even try LSD or meth or PCP or crack cocaine or heroin or powder  cocaine. Do you know why? Because it might have fentanyl in it. The  drug dealers cut these products with fentanyl, and if they put too much  in it, you get one shot--one shot. Forget addiction; the first time a  young person experiments might be the last.   My State of Louisiana, like every other State in this country, has  seen the carnage of fentanyl. We all have. In 2021, 94 percent of drug  overdose deaths in New Orleans were related to what? Fentanyl. In  Louisiana, we call our counties parishes. Our coroner's office in East  Baton Rouge Parish investigated 300 overdose deaths, and 88 percent of  them last year were linked to fentanyl. In an average month in St.  Tammany Parish, or county, where I live, we lose 10 or 11 people just  about every month--10 or 11 young people usually--to fentanyl  overdoses. Why? These weren't people just taking fentanyl; these were  people taking other drugs that drug dealers--each of whom should be  assigned a special place in Hell--that drug dealers are cutting with  fentanyl to give the concoction a higher high to make more money. If  they measure wrong and put too much fentanyl in it, you get to try  their product one time, and then you are dead. These are sons. These  are daughters. These are friends. These are coworkers. And every one of  them has a family.   While our families and our kids are suffering, the cartels and the  drug dealers who help them in America are getting rich. There was a  recent report from the Department of Justice. It stated that fentanyl  dealing is one of the Sonora Cartel's most lucrative endeavors. That  cartel is led by three of El Chapo's sons. We are not talking choirboys  here; they have made a boatload of money selling poison to our  children.   But it is not just them; it is dealers in the United States as well.  Our Customs and Border Protection officers are working as hard as they  can to stop drugs from coming into this country, but their hands are  tied by our bad policies.   More people have crossed the border in the last year than at any time  in the history of ever. That is a fact. More than 5 million people have  entered this country illegally under President Biden, during the Biden  administration. I only have 4.6 million people in Louisiana, so imagine  just us adding another State besides Louisiana. The problem is expected  to get worse. As we know, title 42 expires next week, and more people  will be coming in. But it is not just folks who are coming into our  country illegally.  [[Page S1559]]    Let me say, I don't hate migrants. I don't hate immigrants. I love  immigrants. I mean, we are a nation of immigrants. But we have a legal  immigration system, and we ought to follow it. Most Americans  distinguish between legal immigration and illegal immigration. If you  support legal immigration, as I do, and oppose illegal immigration,  that doesn't make you a racist, as some people think.   The American people oppose illegal immigration and support legal  immigration for the same reason they lock their front doors at night.  Most Americans don't lock their front doors at night because they hate  everybody on the outside; they do it because they love people on the  inside, and they want to know who is coming in and out. They are happy  to welcome--I am happy to welcome Nigerian doctors and German engineers  and whomever to come into our country legally. Vetting people at the  border is not racist; it is prudent.   But a lot comes across that border--and not just people. A lot of  fentanyl does as well. In 2022, Customs and Border Protection seized  14,000 pounds of fentanyl--a 127-percent increase from the previous  year. That is enough fentanyl to kill every man, every woman, every  child in the United States.   We have to show the cartels and the people in America, in our  communities, who are dealing this stuff that there are consequences for  poisoning people, especially young people.   I have also introduced a bill called Ending the Notorious,  Aggressive, and Remorseless Criminal Organizations and Syndicates Act  of 2023. It is known as the NARCOS Act. It will designate these cartels  as foreign terrorist organizations. We need to give our border agents  the resources to secure the border and to stop these dealers before  they set foot in our country.   Let me return to the Fairness in Fentanyl Sentencing Act of 2023. It  is not going to solve the problem, but it is a start. Dealers carrying  enough fentanyl to kill a small town deserve to face a minimum  mandatory sentence of 5 years, and they deserve to be punished more  severely than someone carrying meth or PCP or crack cocaine because  fentanyl is in a class by itself. Without serious prison sentences for  these drug dealers who put money over human life, we are not going to  make progress. A 5-year prison sentence can close one stream of  fentanyl into our communities, and it might deter the next person who  is looking to make a quick buck while trafficking this poison.   I am going to be clear. I am almost done. My bill is not looking to  punish acts. My bill will not punish acts. I believe in free will and  responsibility, but I also think there are mitigating circumstances in  the nitty-gritty of life. That is why, if you are an addict and you are  convicted of a crime, a serious crime, a judge will consider mitigating  circumstances, like addiction. I wouldn't wish addiction on my worst  enemy.   This bill isn't about addiction. A lot of these people don't even  take their own product. This is about people--fentanyl dealers--who  deal death every day to make money, and there ought to be a special  place in Hell for them. In Congress, this Senate punishes them less  than we punish somebody dealing meth.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further  consideration of S. 878 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. Further, I ask that the bill be considered read a third  time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I listened very carefully to my friend  Senator Booker's remarks, and I appreciate them, and I thank him for  his offer to work together. And I do want to work with him again, but I  want to make a couple of things clear. My bill doesn't deal with  addiction. My bill deals with dealers.   A pencil, the point of the pencil--enough heroin to fit on a point of  a pencil will kill you dead. You are not walking around with 40 grams  of fentanyl for your own personal use. You are going to deal it. You  are going to cut other drugs with it. You are going to sell it to young  people, probably not even tell them fentanyl is in it.   And you are not going to measure the fentanyl very carefully. If you  get too much in it, somebody dies. There are others, because if you can  get them to take your meth with fentanyl--laced with fentanyl--given  that fentanyl is 50 times more powerful, more addictive than heroin,  you can get them addicted.   I am not talking about addicts. I am talking about dealers--dealers  in death, dealers that this body punishes less severely than a meth  dealer or a crack cocaine dealer or a PCP dealer or an LSD dealer.   What you allow is what will continue. I don't know if my bill will  stop all the fentanyl dealers in America. I can't make you that  promise. But it will, sure as hell, stop the dealer caught dealing, and  that will save lives.   I agree with my good friend Senator Booker. I believe in justice. The  definition of justice for some is complicated. I believe in the  definition that was put forth. I think it was Saint Augustine who said:  Justice is when you get what you deserve. Justice is when you get what  you deserve. And fentanyl dealers deserve, yes, a special place in  hell, but they sure deserve to be punished more severely than dealers  of less dangerous drugs.   