 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Congressman Jackson  from Illinois, and Congresswoman Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick for their  leadership and for co-chairing tonight's Special Order hour.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues of the Congressional  Black Caucus in commemoration of Caribbean Heritage Month.   As we mark the 17th anniversary of Caribbean Heritage Month, I pay  special thanks to Congresswoman Barbara Lee who led the effort in  Congress to designate the month of June as Caribbean Heritage Month to  make sure that we always honor the rich history and contributions of  Caribbean Americans.   As a point of personal pride, I am a son and a grandson of Caribbean  immigrants. My mother and grandmother came to the United States from  Trinidad and Tobago, and for me to now serve in this body to be able to  represent the needs of my constituents and those of Caribbean heritage  gives me great pride.   It also reminds me of the great contributions, the curried chicken,  the hot pepper sauce, the pelau, and so many other wonderful dishes  that I have experienced growing up in my own household based on my  Caribbean heritage, and the fact that Caribbean people contribute so  much and have contributed so much to the foundation of this country and  its success.   This month, we are proud to recognize the millions of Caribbean  Americans around our Nation who contribute every day to the fabric of  our society in the arts, sciences, business, in sports, education,  government, and those who serve in our military.   Those who have made our country better with their gifts and their  service like our very own Vice President Kamala Harris, others like  W.E.B. Du Bois, Secretary of State Colin Powell, Sheryl Lee Ralph,  Grace Jones, White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre, Marcus  Garvey, Usain Bolt, Sidney Poitier, and Harry Belafonte to name just a  few.   The Congressional Black Caucus--the conscience of the Congress--has  been home to many Caribbean-American trailblazers since our founding in  1971. One of these trailblazers is Shirley Chisholm, a Caribbean  American and founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus who  became the first Black woman to be elected to the U.S. Congress and the  first woman and African American to seek the nomination for President  of the United States from one of our two major political parties.   Many of our Members of Congress today are of Caribbean descent,  including Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, Congresswoman Yvette  Clarke, Delegate Stacey Plaskett, and our Special Order co-chair,  Congresswoman Sheila Cherfilus-McCormick.   Now, more than 50 years after our founding, our Members have  continued to shape consequential legislation from voting rights to  civil rights, fair housing, and so much more, carrying on the tradition  of Shirley Chisholm, who sought to make America live up to its promise  that all are created equal, to challenge the idea of what was possible  for Black Americans, and to ensure a future worthy of our struggle.   This month and every month, the Congressional Black Caucus is proud  to honor the unique and diverse cultures, languages, religions, art,  literature, music, and cuisines from around the Caribbean diaspora  because our Nation's diversity is our greatest strength.   I am honored to join my colleagues tonight. I thank our co-chairs  and, most importantly, our constituents who work so hard to contribute  to this great Nation and to make it continue to live up to its promise.   