 Mr. President, every year, I come to the Senate floor  around the anniversary of June 9 of 1772 to educate our pages--and  anyone else listening--about an event that took place that night in  Rhode Island as the United States moved towards its revolutionary  conflict with Great Britain.   And the lead-up to this was that Rhode Island was a shipping and a  trading State; and Newport, in particular, was an extremely wealthy and  active trading community. And the British government very much wanted  to tax all of that trading, and the Rhode Islanders very much wanted  not to be taxed.   And so there was considerable back-and-forth between the colonists in  Rhode Island and what was then the mother country. And when the  obstreperousness of the Rhode Islanders reached a certain point, a new  ship and a new captain were detailed to Rhode Island to do a better job  of collecting taxes from the shipping traffic.   The captain was named Dudingston--Lieutenant Dudingston--of her  majesty's royal Navy. And he came in with a rather very poor attitude  about Rhode Island and behaved quite badly. He seized ships without  much provocation. He would grab them and send them off to be sold for  salvage. He would steal cargoes out of ships.   He made himself extremely unpopular to a point that the chief justice  of Rhode Island said: Excuse me, you don't get to do this. Under Rhode  Island law, under our colonial charter, if you want to operate Rhode  Island waters, you actually have to declare yourself and show your  commission to our Governor.   And the rather undiplomatic response of Lieutenant Dudingston was, if  anybody tries to interfere with my operations, I will hang them.   So things were not all that great between Lieutenant Dudingston and  Rhode Island. And his ship, which is this one, was called the Gaspee,  as in the Gaspe Peninsula up in Canada. She was an armed revenue cutter  of fairly good size. And it was her job to basically pull over ships,  search their cargoes, seize their cargoes, demand taxes, if necessary,  seize the vessel.   One of his early seizures was a boat called the Fortune, which was  owned by Nathanael Greene, who had not been particularly active in  revolutionary matters until he had his fortune seized by Lieutenant  Dudingston. And after that, he became quite active in revolutionary  matters to the point of becoming, essentially, the adjutant for George  Washington and then being sent by George Washington down to run the  southern campaign of the revolution where the commanding British  general in the Revolutionary War said: That damn Greene is more  dangerous than Washington, because he was so successful running the  southern campaign, much of it provoked by this Lieutenant Dudingston  and his seizure of Greene's boat, the Fortune.   On this occasion, June 9, 1772, a boat called the Hannah, captained  by Benjamin Lindsey, was sailing up Narragansett Bay to deliver cargo  to Providence. And the Gaspee approached and signaled the Hannah to  heave to, to be boarded and searched. And the Hannah refused. Captain  Lindsey kept sailing.   So the Gaspee gave chase, and the two boats sailed, one after the  other, with occasional gunfire from the decks of the Gaspee north  towards Providence.   Before you get to Providence, there is a point that sticks out. And  where the river flows in, there is a sand berm that sticks out into the  bay. And Captain Lindsey, who knew the waters of Narragansett Bay very  well, sailed over this sandy shallows off of what was called Namquit  Point and kept going on his merry way up to Providence.   The Gaspee was a bigger vessel. It drew more water, and it ran into  the sand berm in a falling tide. It was stuck. It was trapped. It was  helpless.   The Hannah kept going up. Captain Lindsey went up to Providence. When  he got to the Port of Providence, he  [[Page S1996]]  rounded up John Brown, who later became heavily involved in setting up  Brown University, and another Rhode Island worthy named Abraham  Whipple, who continued to have an interesting naval career.   Brown and Whipple and others went to Sabin's Tavern, and people beat  drums in the street to get attention. People gathered, and a crowd  assembled. After suitable refreshment, they filled in a number of long  boats--five or six long boats. And that night, in the dark, with  muffled oars, they rowed back down to the stranded Gaspee.   There they challenged Lieutenant Dudingston to surrender his vessel,  and, when he refused, they rowed to the vessel and, from multiple  sides, boarded it.   During the altercation, Lieutenant Dudingston was shot. I am pleased  to report that he was not killed. He recovered from his wounds,  retired, ultimately, from naval service, and went back to Scotland and  raised many children. But the injury that he received, I believe, was  actually the first blood spilled in what became the Revolutionary  conflict between the Colonies and Great Britain.   So after they had seized the vessel, the Rhode Islanders bound up the  crew and rowed them ashore. There is a pub right up the street, right  now, from where they were rowed ashore, with a little monument you can  see that recognizes the evening that they rode ashore, June 9, 1772.  Then they went back out to the stranded Gaspee and set her afire.   Now, the Gaspee had cannons, and cannons use powder, and powder is  kept in a magazine. So when the fire got to the powder magazine, this  happened. The Gaspee was blown to smithereens, and that was the end of  her predatory behavior in Rhode Island Sound and Narragansett Bay.   Now, by way of point of contrast, up in Massachusetts, more than a  year later, a number of Massachusetts colonists went onboard a British  ship, and they pushed tea bags off of the boat and into Boston Harbor,  which, I am sure, was a very brave and wonderful thing to do. But from  Rhode Island's perspective, we outsmarted the British, we got the boat  stuck, we seized the boat, we captured the entire crew, and then we  blew it up, more than a year before the tea bag incident in Boston  Harbor. I think we are entitled to some credit for that.   But Massachusetts produced Adamses who became Presidents. They  produced Harvard, which wrote histories. And the story of the Boston  Tea Party is now known to--do you guys know the story? Yes, every page  head nods. They know the Boston Tea Party story.   I don't know what Rhode Island has to do to get out of the shadow of  the Boston Tea Party, but we blew the damn boat up and I think that is  pretty good.   The final of the story is that King George was furious about this. He  took this as an enormous insult to his kingdom, to his crown, and to  himself. And so he decreed that all of the insurgents who had rowed  down in those boats were to be caught and were to be hanged. And a  bounty was put for information leading to the identification of the  Rhode Islanders who participated in the Gaspee raid.   I will say with some pride that no credible testimony ever emerged.  The trials never took place. The nooses hung empty. And Rhode Island-- against all of that pressure and with the allure of these bribes and  bounties from the King--refused to give up their secrets. So it is a  very strong story in many regards.   And we now have created a brandnew license plate. It is not out on  cars yet, I don't believe. This one says ``SAMPLE.'' But there is the  Rhode Island license plate with the ``Gaspee Days 1772'' logo and the  exploding Gaspee on it. I can't wait to get one and to drive it up to  Massachusetts and park it near Boston Harbor and have some tea.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   