 Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 5. I rise in  opposition as someone who has actually been a student in our public  school system within the last decade. I rise as someone who is the son  of a public school educator, special education teacher of 37 years-- love you, Mom. I also rise as someone who sat on my local school board  for 2 years as a student representative.   This bill is modeled after one that I know very well--Florida's  Parental Rights in Education law. Most of us know it as ``Don't Say  Gay.'' ``Don't Say Gay'' infringes on parents' rights, including LGBTQ+  and supportive parents.   Bills like this make schools more hostile, and make no mistake, it  results in hate, bigotry, and, yes, sometimes death of our students in  schools.   Republican lawmakers won't even allow my amendment to be considered  that protects the First Amendment rights of parents. We want to talk  about parental rights. What about their First Amendment right to fight  for their children, LGBTQ+ children, who are fighting for gender- affirming and life-saving care?   One of my colleagues brought this up, but this bill focuses on  parents' rights, but what about the rights of our students? What about  the rights of our young people? Why are my Republican colleagues not  advocating for our students? Is it because they know that the majority  of young people despise legislation like this and do not support  legislation like this that is bigoted?   Is it because this generation is the most progressive generation this  country has ever seen because they want a world where everybody can  succeed, where we see the world through the eyes of the most  vulnerable?   See, the party is branded on freedom and liberty, but what about the  freedom and liberties of young people and students who actually sit in  the classroom?   I mean, if Republican lawmakers cared so much about what is happening  in our schools, they would focus on feeding kids so we can ensure that  everyone can learn on a full stomach.   If Republican lawmakers cared so much about what is happening in our  schools, they would make sure that students have updated technology,  teachers have the resources they need so students can actually learn.   If Republican lawmakers cared so much about what is happening in  schools, what about the kids who are gunned down in their classrooms?  The leading cause of death for young people in this country is gun  violence.   None of that is in this bill. This bill is just a vehicle for hate  and political nonsense, pushing a chosen wedge issue. It is not about  policy; it is about politics. It is not about freedom and liberty. It  is about the fear of a problem that doesn't exist.   