 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the rule and  to this very controversial and very dangerous bill, H.R. 5.   I am a former teacher. I am a parent. My wife and I have two children  right now in public schools. This is the life we lead. This is our  reality right now.   I can tell you that I offered several amendments because I know what  I am talking about. One of the amendments was to protect our schools,  our teachers, and our parents from unnecessary, awful, and very  expensive litigation. That is what this is going to do. This is going  to drown our school districts, our schools, our teachers, and maybe our  parents in lawsuit after lawsuit after lawsuit.   I offered amendments because everyone in my district believes in  local control. One amendment just said: Hey, if you are a believer in  local control, then allow school districts to opt out of this very  dangerous bill. That is a local control issue. That amendment and the  other amendment was not ruled in order so there will be no vote on it.   I believe that this government that they are proposing has become too  big for most Americans. It is too intrusive. They are banning books.  You can't say this, you can't say that. They are in doctors' offices,  and they are in classrooms. They are going too far and trampling on our  freedoms.   If they want to help, then invest in preschool, invest in childcare,  invest in prenatal care, invest in stable housing, invest in  afterschool programs, and invest in all kinds of things that are going  to help children and parents.   Stop telling us what to do with our lives and with our children.     Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this controversial  and highly dangerous bill, H.R. 5.  [[Page H1368]]    I am a former teacher. My parents were teachers. I have been doing  child education advocacy my entire career. My wife and I are parents of  two public school children right now. This is our lives. This is what  we do day in and day out.   I want to be very clear so that my colleagues understand what rights  I have as a parent, which are the same rights that all Americans, all  parents in America, have if their children are in public schools.   I can go speak to the school board whenever I want. I can do that  now. I have that right.   Madam Chair, I can ask about the books. I can ask about the budget.   Of course, I can get information about the medical condition of my  children. I have that right now.   My colleagues have to know this. If they do not, and this is news to  them, they can pull the bill.   Right now, this new national ban and set of controls will simply lead  to our schools, our teachers, and many of our parents drowning in  lawsuits.   I offered two amendments. One was a litigation shield to help protect  our folks from obviously dangerous lawsuits that would come of this if  this bill were to pass. The second was to opt out if a district does  not want to be part of this because I believe in local control, as do  most of the people in my district. Republicans, Democrats, and  Independents believe in local control. Let school districts opt out.   It is not about local control. This is about taking a small, teeny  ideology and forcing it on the rest of us. As a parent, I can say on  behalf of so many parents, leave us alone.    Madam Chair, we need politicians at the State level and  D.C. politicians with this bill to get out of our lives, get out of our  doctors' offices, get out of our classrooms, and, as a parent, get out  of my house. Let me parent my child.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 5.   