 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan  resolution, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am a strong supporter of H. Res. 377, calling for the  immediate release of Evan Gershkovich, a United States citizen and  journalist who was wrongfully detained by the Government of the Russian  Federation in March 2023.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman McCaul for working with me to introduce  H. Res. 377 in a bipartisan fashion. We may disagree on many issues in  this body, but it is essential that the safe return of American  citizens wrongfully detained overseas is not one of them. I appreciate  the cooperation and the work together that Mr. McCaul and I do on the  House Foreign Affairs Committee.   Evan Gershkovich, a journalist working in one of the most difficult  media environments in the world, has dedicated his life to truth. His  reporting has shed light on Russia's handling of the COVID-19 pandemic,  the struggling Russian economy, and its horrific war against the people  of Ukraine.   With his detention, Russia has once again stooped to the lowest of  lows, detaining an American journalist for the first time since the  Cold War. He is detained on baseless charges to gain political leverage  and further silence the brave members of the independent press who are  undeterred by Russian threats.   Evan, like Paul Whelan, like Brittney Griner, like Trevor Reed before  him, continues to be denied his rights by Russian authorities, who are  throwing up roadblock after roadblock to prevent our Embassy from  getting access to him while he remains in detention. The sham legal  processes he is subjected to are conducted without evidence, without  transparency, and without due process.   While the administration, with the unanimous support of this  Congress, was able to secure the release of Trevor and Brittney, we  must continue to do everything, and I mean everything, in our power to  ensure that Evan and Paul are brought home safely to their families, as  well.   For as long as necessary, we must state unequivocally that we stand  with Evan, that we stand with Paul, that we stand with their families  suffering tremendous emotional and financial strain as a result of  their detentions. By passing this resolution, we can do just that.   I support this measure and hope we can continue to work in a  bipartisan fashion with the executive branch on this and other critical  legislation to better support Americans like Evan and their families. I  encourage my colleagues, all of us, to join in supporting this measure.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, there is no more sacred responsibility of government  than to ensure the safety and well-being of the American people and  ensure that their  [[Page H2797]]  human rights are respected. Tragically, the authoritarian regime in the  Kremlin has taken to the practice of using that commitment against us,  taking our citizens hostage for political leverage.   In last year's State Department authorization act, which passed in  the annual NDAA, we included additional tools for the State Department  to address hostage taking. These include quicker notifications to  Congress, expanded whistleblower rewards programs, and greater  resources for the State Department. I look forward to these changes  being put to use.   In Evan's case, we can take an important step by passing this  resolution and condemning hostage diplomacy in the strongest possible  terms. We must continue to express support for the efforts of the  administration to secure Evan's return and demonstrate our commitment  to Evan and Paul, and all other Americans wrongfully detained overseas,  for as long as it takes.   As I close, I again thank Chairman McCaul for partnering with me on  this important resolution. I hope my colleagues will join us  unanimously in supporting this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution,  and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 272, calling on the  Government of the Russian Federation to immediately release United  States citizen Paul Whelan. I thank Representative Haley Stevens for  her continued work and tireless advocacy for her constituent, Paul  Whelan, and other Americans wrongfully detained overseas.   As I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to speak on this measure, I regret just  how familiar it feels. For the third time, we are considering this  resolution on the floor of the House of Representatives calling for  Paul's release and expressing solidarity with him and other Americans  wrongfully detained abroad.   Russian authorities wrongfully detained Paul Whelan, an American  marine veteran, more than 1,600 days ago on baseless charges for which  no evidence was ever provided and subjected him to a sham, secretive  trial.   For more than 4 years, Mr. Speaker, Paul has endured persecution,  denials of his lawful rights, and the withholding of critical medical  treatment while the Kremlin seeks to use him as a pawn for political  gain.   For more than 4 years, Mr. Speaker, Paul's family has had to suffer  this injustice, demanding his release, and pleading with us, the United  States Government, to do everything in our power to bring him home.   Like Evan Gershkovich whose resolution we are also considering on the  floor today, Paul's only crime is being an American. Tragically, only  the Kremlin can release him from this detention and the suffering it  has caused Paul and his family, but we in the United States Congress  and the United States House of Representatives are not powerless to  make a difference and support the administration's effort to bring Paul  and others like him home.   This resolution today is one step that we can take to demand that the  Russian Government forego the horrific practice of using the lives and  freedoms of American citizens as political bargaining chips, demanding  Paul's release, and raising his and other cases at every available  opportunity.   Mr. Speaker, we must pass this resolution calling for the release of  Paul Whelan for the third straight Congress and continue to advocate  forcefully and unequivocally for his release. We must continue to call  out Russia for its illegal and reprehensible hostage taking and warn  Americans about the dangers of traveling to Putin's lawless fiefdom.   In last year's NDAA, we boasted notification and transparency at the  State Department pertaining to wrongfully detained and added crucial  new whistleblower rewards provisions that would deter further hostage  taking and help bring imprisoned Americans home to their families where  they belong.    Mr. Speaker, we must continue to do everything we can and bring Paul  to his family here at home in the United States of America.   I strongly support this measure, Mr. Speaker, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   Again, I thank Representative Stevens for introducing this  resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Stevens), who has been fighting for Paul Whelan's  release.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Michigan.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. Dingell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for the  purpose of closing.   Mr. Speaker, for far too long, Paul Whelan has suffered at the hands  of the regime in the Kremlin. For far too long, he has been forced to  endure the horrific conditions in a Russian labor camp, wondering when  he will finally be able to see his family again. For far too long, he  has been left to wonder whether he has been forgotten by the government  that the Kremlin is using him to extort.   By passing this legislation and taking other important steps to  support Paul, to support Evan, and other Americans wrongfully detained  overseas, we can speak with one voice, a single voice, that the United  States Government will not rest until he and others like him are  finally brought home to their families.   One voice, that is what we will do today. I know that my colleagues  will join me in support of this very important resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution,  and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague, Representative Torres,  for working with Representative Lawler to introduce this very important  piece of legislation that would create a senior-level special envoy  dedicated to enhancing and expanding the important Abraham Accords.   Mr. Speaker, I have spoken in the past about my support for the  accords, which I believe have the potential to transform the security,  diplomatic, and economic environment in the Middle East for peace and  to advance United States' interests.   These agreements are already showing promise and deserve the  attention of this Congress. I believe it is advantageous to the State  Department to have an official in place focused on managing and  implementing regional strategy for peace and encouraging cooperation  between and among Israel, Arab states, and the Palestinians to enhance  such prospects for a true peace and create tangible benefits for all.   As Mr. McCaul said, starting with the UAE, Bahrain, and Morocco with  the Abraham Accords, we need to grow and have more nations involved,  saying this time that we know that Israel has the right to exist and  will exist, and we are going to look and work together for peace in the  Middle East.   That is why adding a special envoy dedicated to working on and having  and stimulating conversation among the other nations in the Gulf region  with Israel is tremendously important. This is something that I am  proud to support, and I hope my colleagues in the House join me.   Mr. Speaker, I know that the Biden administration has taken  implementation and expansion of the Abraham Accords seriously. I know  that the President has dedicated several government agencies to their  success. I believe that this high-level special envoy will be another  asset to the State Department and help them coordinate and streamline  implementation of the accords. It is something that we should focus on  because success means peace in the Middle East, and peace is good for  all of us on this planet.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Torres), a friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   As we have heard here today, there is strong support in this Congress  for the normalization of diplomatic relations between Israel and  countries in the Arab and Muslim world.   ``Diplomatic'' and ``diplomacy'' are words that we need to use more  often, and we need to get more engaged in diplomatic activity, working  for peace and working for true recognition of Israel in the Middle  East.   Sustained agreement from the United States with a special envoy will  help maintain the momentum that has built and will lead to a more  peaceful region.   Imagine that, Madam Speaker, nations talking and working together in  a region where it had been full of war and where people are recognizing  Israel's right to exist, working in a diplomatic way across borders for  better lives for everyone in the region.   For peace in the region, there is work to do, but it gives us hope  that others will join and that we will be able to assist with a special  envoy bringing people to the same table to support a more peaceful  region.   Madam Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in support of this  important resolution.   Again, I thank Mr. McCaul, Mr. Lawler, and Mr. Torres for bringing  this resolution to the floor of the House of Representatives so that  all can hear that, again, we are united and working collectively  together, without party affiliation, for the betterment of the world.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   