 Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of the privileges  of the House and offer the resolution that was previously noticed.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, we are here this afternoon at a point that none of us  wanted to ever be at. The Ethics Committee of the House of  Representatives has filed their report, which revealed a complex web of  illegal activities that involved Representative George Santos'  campaign, his personal finances, and business finances.   Santos tried to exploit every aspect of his candidacy for personal  financial gain. Records subpoenaed by the Committee on Ethics show that  Congressman Santos stole from his campaign by deceiving donors into  providing contributions that were actually payments for his personal  benefit.   Santos also reported fictitious loans to his political committees to  induce  [[Page H6016]]  donors in party committees to contribute more to his campaign, keeping  the elaborate scheme moving forward.   George Santos is a liar; in fact, he has admitted to many of them. He  has used his position of public trust to personally benefit himself  from day one.   Santos now faces 23 criminal charges in connection with his long list  of misdeeds. We have already seen two former Santos staffers, including  his former treasurer, plead guilty to Federal charges in connection  with Santos' corrupt campaign.   Despite blaming others, including his former treasurer for the  numerous campaign violations, all signs point toward Mr. Santos that he  knowingly and actively participated in a widespread misconduct of his  campaign. In fact, the Ethics Committee records demonstrate this to a  tee.   George Santos has continuously said that he has not received his due  process. I ask my colleagues: If we do not take the Ethics Committee  and their results seriously, then why even have the committee in the  first place?   Through the ISC investigation, Santos has been awarded due process,  and has been provided ample opportunity to be heard during both the  investigation by the House Committee on Ethics and throughout the  expulsion process.   Even after being offered multiple opportunities to present his side  of the story, Mr. Santos refused to engage with the Ethics Committee in  good faith and refused to cooperate with those tasked with leading the  investigation.   The ISC report notes that he failed to submit a written response to  the allegations. He failed to provide numerous documents requested. He  refused to testify voluntarily. He failed to provide a statement under  oath.   Santos also informed the committee that if he was subpoenaed, he  would plead the Fifth Amendment.   We continually hear that the expulsion of Congressman Santos would  set a new precedent. Mr. Speaker, it would.   To my colleagues that have said that it would start a new precedent  and to those that are here with us in this institution in this great  Chamber today that are arguing about precedent, I would simply say  this: The American people expect us to do the right thing. The American  people are watching for us to do the right thing.   Mr. Speaker, if we have an opportunity in this great institution to  start a new precedent, one that means we hold Members of the House of  Representatives to a higher standard, I am pretty confident that the  American people would applaud that. I am pretty confident that the  American people expect that.   Mr. Speaker, I hope tomorrow in this great Chamber we set that  precedent. I hope we set a precedent that we, as Members of America's  oldest institution, are held to a higher standard.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am not sure how a predetermined  outcome happens from a committee reviewing 170,000 pages of documents,  numerous subpoenas, and weeks and months of investigation. I am not  sure how a predetermined outcome is generated from that.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Mississippi (Mr. Guest), who is the chairman of the House Ethics  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Pennsylvania (Ms. Wild), the ranking member of the Ethics Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Pennsylvania.    Mr. Speaker, I fully respect my friend from Louisiana  and have much love for him. I want to reassure: No one is cheering for  this Ethics report.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. LaLota), a fellow Long Islander and friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr.  Robert Garcia).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Molinaro).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Lawler).    May I inquire as to how much time is remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 15 seconds to my friend from  Ohio (Mr. Miller).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   