 Mr. President, I am speaking about Social Security.   Secretary Yellen spoke before the Senate Finance Committee last week,  and, to me, it was incredibly frustrating. When asked if the President  would be willing to work with Congress, she held up a piece of paper  and read that he stands ready to work with Congress, to meet with  Senators to find a solution to Social Security. We are speaking about  the President personally meeting with us. There is no evidence that is  true. That has not been our experience.   It has been well reported in the press that there is a bipartisan-- bipartisan, bipartisan--group of Senators working to find a solution to  save Social Security. The President knows this. We have been unable to  get an appointment with the President.   The reason we keep requesting a meeting with him is because we are  told that no deal will be made without his personal signoff. He has to  be the one who tells those who work for him that this is the deal he  wants. So if the President chooses to do nothing, that choice  guarantees that someone currently receiving Social Security will get a  24-percent cut in the benefits she receives.   Let me just emphasize that. I was on talk radio with KEEL in  Shreveport, LA. Erin McCarty says: Well, I will be OK.   I don't know how old she is, but she thinks that, because she is of a  certain age, she will not be affected.   No, current law is, if the President chooses to do nothing, Erin and  everyone else who would be currently receiving Social Security would  get a 24-percent cut in their current benefits. Someone who is  depending upon this income to pay her bills and buy her groceries, she  gets a 24-percent cut in the amount she is receiving.   There needs to be a choice between a massive, by law, 24-percent  benefit cut--again, current law--and a real plan, a real choice to  strengthen, to save, and to secure Social Security.   To reference President Reagan, this is a time for choosing. We can't  wait  [[Page S926]]  because the longer we wait, the more expensive and the more drastic the  solution becomes. And we shouldn't allow politicians to use Social  Security as a political weapon to beat people into submission to claim  that one side wishes to do something and they are going to rescue it  while offering nothing to stop this scheduled 24-percent cut. It may be  good politics, but it is irresponsible.   I will point out that President Biden's two Democratic predecessors,  Obama and Clinton, both offered serious plans to address this looming  Social Security fiscal cliff; President Biden, no plan, not in his  budget. In fact, when I asked Secretary Yellen if they had modeled any  of the things she was referencing as a solution, they have not modeled  it, which tells me they have not worked on it.   There should absolutely be a sense of urgency. He should feel it the  way that I feel it. I used to work in a hospital for the uninsured.  Many of my poor patients depended upon Social Security to pay their  rent, to buy their groceries, to pay their utilities. I know what a 24- percent cut would mean to them.   By the way, on the solutions that we have been trying to come up  with--an approach, if you will, certainly not a final plan--there is a  lot of partial and inaccurate information. By the way, we did that on  purpose. The President has a right to have an imprint upon the final  thing that we come up with. So we have things which are, yes, we could  do it this way, but maybe do something else.   We do add something to it, though. We think it is a novel solution  that helps Social Security bridge the solvency and protects the  Americans that rely upon it.   We have added some things. One thing we have spoken about, perhaps  locally but not nationally, is that those who are most cut by a 24- percent cut will be the police officers, firefighters, teachers, and  many other State and local government officials who are unfairly  penalized by two provisions in current law known as WEP and GPO. From  my perspective, repealing WEP and GPO should be part of any  conversation we have with the President, if he agrees to meet, and  should be part of any final proposal.   But Americans of all generations--the Silent Generation, baby  boomers, Gen X, Gen Z--they want to know that the program they paid  into their entire lives will be there when they need it.   It is a political truth that some issues are seen as a ``political  third rail.'' I say choosing to do nothing, which means choosing that  Social Security benefits will be cut by 24 percent, should be the third  rail. We can't be guided by the fear of politics. We should be guided  by the courage of our commitment to the American people and,  particularly, that American senior--that he or she will not get this  24-percent cut.   I ask once more: President Biden, please personally meet with a  bipartisan group of Senators. If I said something I shouldn't have to  Secretary Yellen, I will, at that point, apologize.   President Biden has a reputation as a dealmaker. Let's make a deal.   I yield the floor.   