 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, a couple years ago, we dove into post  offices, particularly those that did not appear to be financially  vibrant and surviving. We realized much of the data we were working on  had holes in it. We couldn't get certain lease costs or were they real  estate owned.   All I am trying to do here is just get updated data, because at some  point we are going to go back through. You have all been watching the  accounts. We are going to go back through that discussion again of how  we shore up the finances of the U.S. postal system. It would be nice if  we go into that having actually high-quality information and the  optionality that information would provide us. That is as complicated  as this one is.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, what the ranking member is saying is fair.  The goal here is to have much better information, because the reality  is we are going to go back through that uncomfortable exercise again.  It is probably a year or 2, maybe 3 years out. The world has changed.  This is one of the great difficulties we have around here, and it is  sometimes hard to accept.   In a weird way, we are sort of a protection racket. We protect  incumbent models of business, incumbent processes, incumbent  bureaucracies, but how many of us are now paying our bills on this  thing? How many of us are communicating on this thing and not licking  an envelope with the risk of a paper cut? Come on, that was funny.   The world is different. I know we have a certain sensitivity to the  history and to the communities, but we are going to have to deal with  the financial realities that is modern America. That is all I am trying  to do. If we are going to deal with those, let's have quality  information so we understand.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend and colleague from  Arizona and the ranking member.   Mr. Chairman, we remember the EIDL loans from during the pandemic. We  have some documents that say there may be as much as $62 billion in  impairment. Understand that there is a difference between impairment  and delinquency behind those.   We actually have an intense concern on some of the articles and other  things that have come to our attention that the collection--look, this  is never a happy conversation when you are talking about going out and  collecting loans, but this is money that is owed to the hardworking  taxpayers. It is only fair. We made a deal.   We actually believe if we take the mean of some of the reports we  have been best able to get, there is about $33 billion that is ready  for, functionally, some type of hard collection. They are substantially  delinquent.   We are here fighting over dollars. We are fighting over pennies  sometimes. If there are billions of dollars out there that are owed  back to the Small Business Administration and those things, we have the  legal obligation to go collect. That is the deal.   The amendment is trying to move away from an article in The  Washington Post that was basically saying the Small Business  Administration had either slowed down or stopped pursuing  [[Page H5595]]  collections. Let's go collect the money. As we are lifting every seat  cushion around here trying to find resources, there is a stack of  resources here.   The other thing it would also help us understand is how much fraud  ultimately there was in the program, but without the collection  efforts, you actually cannot truly document those numbers.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Chair, let me say to the gentleman from Maryland  that he will be happy to know that he actually accepted, en bloc, two  of my amendments.   Mr. Chair, I am blessed to chair the Oversight Subcommittee of the  Ways and Means Committee, and within there is the use of technology. We  have actually had to deal with the reality, if you are actually reading  some of the reports that are coming from the IRS, that they can't seem  to hire the people to do the audits. Apparently, there is a shortage of  people with accounting and that type of talent.    We actually brought two amendments--both made it into the en bloc, so  I appreciate that--to actually go and use AI and technology to talk  about exactly what the gentleman from Maryland said.   I actually believe in many ways that is more ethical and moral  because I can audit an algorithm. I can't audit someone's heart or  their personal politics. We actually have demonstrations also on the  customer service side with the use of chat AI and those things, but  that is IRS. We are here talking about the Small Business  Administration.   I am trying to be intellectually consistent. We did our amendments  there to pursue a rational use of technology. If it is true that there  may be, according to this article, an estimated $62 billion in past due  pandemic loans, if it costs more than $62 billion for the Small  Business Administration to go collect $62 billion, the world has come  to an end. I mean, let's be intellectually consistent here.   This agency has the legal obligation to collect these loans. My fear  is there may have been so much fraud that there is almost this  discomfort of peeling back the onion and saying one-third of the book  or 20 percent of book, whatever it is, will never be performing loans.   Mr. Chairman, to my friend from Maryland, this is actually just  moving some money around so the Small Business Administration does what  they are actually supposed to be doing and what is actually already  part of the loan. We are actually moving some resources so it can be  accomplished.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   