 Mr. President, I just came from an Appropriations  subcommittee hearing, and our witness today was Secretary Janet Yellen.  I always love when Secretary Yellen testifies because I learn so much  from her.   Today, among other subjects, we talked about the President's proposed  budget, and I want to tell you some of the things I learned today from  Secretary Yellen about the President's proposed budget.   The President's proposed budget is $6.9 trillion. That is up from  $6.4 trillion. So it is a proposed half-a-trillion-dollar increase.   I learned that, since 2019 until today, and not including the  President's new spending--I learned that since 2019 until today, the  population in the United States has grown 1.8 percent.   Do you know how much our budget has increased? Fifty-five percent,  and that doesn't even count the additional half-a-trillion dollars'  worth of spending that the President has just proposed.   I also learned that the President is proposing $4.7 trillion--not  billion, $4.7 trillion--in new taxes. It takes my breath way--$4.7  trillion. We are going to run out of digits.   And I also learned something else. You know, the President--and I say  this gently and with respect--the President has been running all over  hell and half of Georgia saying: My proposed budget decreases the  deficit by $3 trillion.   You probably heard him say that. I heard him say it the day before  yesterday: My proposed budget will cut debt by $3 trillion.   You know what I learned today about the President's proposed budget?  Under his proposed budget, gross debt--that is all of America's debt,  not just debt held by the public, but gross debt--all of our debt will  rise under President Biden's budget from $32.7 trillion at the close of  this year to $51 trillion by 2033. Only in Washington, DC--only in la- la land--can you go around and say: My budget reduces the deficit and  debt by $3 trillion, when it really increases it by $18 trillion--$18  trillion.   I have also learned a lot this week about Silicon Valley Bank. I  think I spoke--I don't know--a week, maybe 10 days ago--gosh, we  learned a lot in a week. One of the things that we have learned is that  the failure of Silicon Valley Bank and President Biden's bailout of  Silicon Valley Bank was the result of bad management by the bank  officials but also by bad supervision.   I talked a week or two ago about the risk that the management of SVB  took. This is what I learned this week. I want to talk about the  mistakes that were made by the Federal Government in supervising this  bank.   Fact No. 1, it is a fact that in January of 2019, the Federal  Reserve, which is one of the banking regulators in charge of  supervising the bank, issued a warning to the bank--this is 4 years  ago--over its risk management systems. Four years ago, the Fed told  Silicon Valley Bank that its system to control risk was not up to  snuff.   Fact No. 2, last fall, short sellers and private bank analysts said  the same thing. What? Five months ago, 6 months ago?   Fact No. 3, some of my colleagues have said: You know, we didn't have  sufficient regulation.   I don't know how you regulate greed. I don't know how you regulate  stupidity. I am referring now to the management of the Silicon Valley  Bank.   But it wasn't a failure of regulation that caused Silicon Valley Bank  to go under. It was the failure to enforce the rules that we already  have.   Here is the article from the Wall Street Journal. The Federal  Reserve, one of the banking regulators in charge of Silicon Valley  Bank, knew in January of 2019 that the bank was criticized for its risk  control practices. And they were supposed to correct those risk control  practices. Why didn't the Federal Reserve follow up?   Now, I also learned that some of my colleagues are saying: Well, you  know, this is all the fault of Congress. It is the fault of Congress  because Silicon Valley Bank was not subject to a stress test.   We, as you know--Democrats and Republicans--supported an amendment to  Dodd-Frank back in 2018 that some say prevented the bank from being  stress tested. That is not true. The bill that we passed in 2018 said,  categorically and unequivocally--look at title 12, chapter II,  subchapter A, part 252, subpart A, section 252.3. It said in our  legislation that the Federal Reserve and the other banking regulators  had the authority at any time to stress test Silicon Valley Bank. And  they chose not to do it.   Now, the other point being made by some of my colleagues is that,  well, they weren't big enough to stress test. They had to be $100  billion or more. That is not true. They were an over-hundred-billion- dollar bank at the end of 2021. So they did qualify to be stress tested  in 2022.   One of the other things we learned is that in 2022 the Federal  Reserve stress tested 34 banks. Silicon Valley Bank was not one of  them, as I said. They could have been. Under the rules, they qualified.  They were supposed to be. They were over $100 billion. And even if they  had not been over $100 billion, the Federal Reserve could have said: We  are going to stress test them anyway under our legislation because,  back in January of 2019, we were worried about their risk control. But,  for whatever reason--we are going to find out--the Federal Reserve  chose not to stress test them.   The Federal Reserve issued a report on its stress tests from 2022.  Here it is. If the Federal Reserve had stress tested Silicon Valley  Bank, Silicon Valley Bank would have passed. It would have passed. Do  you know why? Because the Federal Reserve in its stress testing in 2022  didn't stress test interest rate risk. They just stress tested credit  risk. I just find that extraordinary.    In 2022, we were experiencing raging inflation. The Fed was raising  interest rates. The Fed understands that, when you hold a long  government bond or a  [[Page S896]]  long treasury, its value decreases as interest rates go up. You would  think that the first thing the Federal Reserve would stress test for  was interest rate risk and duration risk. But it didn't. It didn't, and  I am at a loss to understand.   The Federal Reserve has announced--I think the Vice Chairman of the  Federal Reserve, Mr. Barr, has announced that he is going to be in  charge of finding out what went wrong. And Mr. Barr is a fine person,  and nothing I say today should be construed to suggest that he is not.  But Mr. Barr has a conflict of interest. His own Agency contributed to  the downfall of Silicon Valley Bank. It wasn't a question of something  that Congress did or didn't do. Under the regulations we passed, we put  the Federal Reserve in charge of checking these banks for duration or  interest rate risk, and the Federal Reserve chose not to do so. Silicon  Valley Bank is not the only one out there.   And here is the problem with Silicon Valley Bank. It took in a whole  bunch of deposits from a bunch of venture capitalists and paid them-- let's call it an x amount of interest--and then Silicon Valley Bank  took that money and invested the money in long-term government bonds  and treasuries, as the Federal Reserve encouraged them to. Go read all  the Federal Reserve rules. They tell you: The safest assets if you are  a bank are long-term securities issued by the Federal Government,  treasuries and mortgage-backed securities.   Silicon Valley Bank did that. But as the Federal Reserve is also  supposed to know, as is the management of the bank, these long-term  bonds--government or otherwise--as interest rates rise, fall in value.  I mean, that is like banking 101. That is like Econ 101.   And that is what happened to Silicon Valley Bank. They took all the  deposits, paid x amount of interest, and bought treasuries and long- term government bonds, making more interest. They were taking the  profit, but they didn't account for interest rate risk. And, sure  enough, when the Federal Reserve, which is supposed to be supervising  the bank, raised interest rates, the value of those bonds and the value  of those treasuries went down.   And so, when all these depositors in Silicon Valley decided to take  their money out, they panicked, and they all started talking to each  other on social media, and they started taking their money out. Because  of the decrease in the value of those long treasuries and mortgage- backed securities, Silicon Valley Bank didn't have the money to pay  them.   Let me end like I began. President Biden's bailout was necessitated  by two things: the greed and/or the stupidity of the management of this  bank to buy long-term bonds--government-backed or otherwise--and not  hedge against interest rate risks. And, No. 2, the bank's failure was  the result of inadequate supervision by the Federal Reserve and the  other banking regulators and the Biden administration. Congress had  nothing to do with it. Our amendments to Dodd-Frank, which were  approved by both Republicans and Democrats, had nothing to do with it.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   