 Mr. Chair, when Title IX became law in 1972, it was a  watershed moment for every woman in America.   Title IX was a game changer for women and girls in sports to showcase  their talents on the field without discrimination or prejudice.   I watched with pride as my five daughters competed during their high  school days. I feel the same pride as I watch my 12 granddaughters  learn, grow, and thrive as they compete and work to gain respect from  their teammates through hard work and meritocracy.   Unfortunately, these life-changing opportunities afforded to  generations of women and girls are under assault today.   We cannot sit back and watch biological males rob biological women of  [[Page H1860]]  equal athletic opportunities. We need to stop putting feelings of boys  and men above fairness and opportunity for girls and women.   With this upside-down world of feelings over fairness, we are also  stealing from our young men a major component of their self-esteem, the  inborn and innate desire to respect and protect womanhood.    This is why I am proud to support the Protection of Women and Girls  in Sports Act of 2023 to make sure women's sports are safe and fair.   Allowing biological men to compete in women's sports erodes the  progress women and girls have made in athletics and undermines our  cherished American values of meritocracy, hard work, and equality.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this commonsense bill and  preserve the rights of all women to achieve their American Dream.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Protection of Women  and Girls in Sports Act.   Since Title IX became law 50 years ago, women and girls have  shattered records, broken barriers, and blazed a trail for generations  of female athletes to dream big and to rise to new heights in  athletics.   As a former athlete, I know firsthand the far-reaching, profound  impact of sports participation on physical, academic, and social  development.   In a recent survey, over half of the women executives of major U.S.  companies attributed their success to participating in collegiate  athletics.   The regressive, unscientific, and unsound policy of the Biden  administration to allow biological men to compete against women strips  the rights and dignity of every woman to safe and fair competition in  sports.   The science is clear. Men are physiologically faster, stronger, and  bigger than women. Biological men develop larger hearts and lungs,  denser bones, and stronger muscles.   This is common sense, my friends, and we all instinctively know this.  Putting a stronger, faster, bigger man against women turns back the  clock on this remarkable accomplishment of female athletes by half a  century.   Who also suffers from this attack on womanhood? Young men who have  already been damaged for decades of progressive left policies that have  destroyed the nuclear family.   Mr. Speaker, 80 percent of these urban men no longer have a father  who will teach them their primary job as a man is to respect and  protect womanhood, that his greatest success and legacy will be leaving  his children and wife a good name.   Instead, you see in these urban, crime-ridden Democrat cities young  men who have lost hope and as a result are losing their souls.   Turn on the TV. In the same cities where these urban city political  leaders are closing their eyes to sexualization of children as young as  3 or 4 years old, where confusing our children about gender fluidity is  at its heights, you will see gangs of young men with no respect for  women as they bully, use, abuse, and beat up girls and women and, with  no shame, boast about it as they post their insidious attacks on  TikTok. No hope, no soul.   I'll make a request to those on the other side of the aisle; ask the  urban community of Black women what they think of turning men into  women, not the elitist Black minority who are married and have a safe  life inside their middle-class neighborhood bubble, but the 78 percent  of single mothers who are trying to raise and provide for their  children solo.   Ask them how it is for generations to deal with the absence of good,  God-fearing, honest, hardworking, committed, visionary, and courageous  men who will stand and sacrifice anything, including their lives, for  their wives and children.   These women will tell you that they already live in communities where  males no longer identify as men. We will not stand by and allow the  anti-family, anti-women progressive left to add women to their long  list of hopelessness.   Our message with this bill is to all women, regardless of your  politics, creed, color, background, social status, or religion.   The Republican Party will ensure that you and your daughters will  never lose hope; that your efforts, your work, and your dreams will  never be stolen by an ideology that has driven the party that has lost  its way.   We promise never to demean your contributions, past and present, your  efforts and sacrifice, acknowledged or forgotten, that has helped to  forge this great Nation. We start today by defending meritocracy and  granting every woman a level playing field of fairness.   As the chairman of the Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce  Development, I am proud to support the Protection of Women and Girls in  Sports Act to end the reckless, anti-women, and unfair policies of the  Biden White House against female athletes.   