 Mr. Speaker, I find it incredible what the other side of  the aisle is saying. They said this bill was rushed to the floor.   Do you remember when this was invoked, the National Emergencies Act?  March 13, 2020. After that we were told 15 days to slow the spread. How  many days are we up to? Does anybody over there know?   It is over 1,000 days. What has happened in that period of time? How  did we get to this position?   The law that Congress passed that was invoked by the former-President  and extended by this President, the National Emergencies Act, requires  at least every 6 months you vote on whether to extend it. We did not  follow the law under the former Speaker.   They used the Rules Committee to prevent this bill from coming to a  vote and then the claim that the Senate would need time to deal with  this. The Senate has already passed this. The bipartisan Senate passed  61 to 37.   I expect there would have been a lot of votes here but the President  came in to try to save their skin. The gig is up, but he wants to keep  the music going a little bit longer.   Mr. Biden says that he wants to honor his commitment to give 60 days'  notice before ending it because he issued this statement of  administrative policy. He only issued this when this bill came to the  floor; but he is going to honor his commitment to 60 days' notice.   Why is he taking 100 days? If anybody over there can do the math for  me. May 11--is that 60 days from now?  [[Page H611]]    No, it is more like 100 days from now, roughly.   The notion that this was rushed to the floor is ridiculous. Biden  wants to keep it going. He wants to spend money under his emergency  authorities, which he shouldn't have right now. It is very  irresponsible with the debt limit looming and with us in extraordinary  measures.   The reality is he wants 100 more days to shove money out the door and  to waste money that hasn't been guarded very well or audited. It has  been 1,000 into 15 days to slow the spread. It is time to end this  emergency now.   Mr. Speaker, I support Mr. Gosar's bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for  organizing this time on the floor. I think it is so important.   We are talking about the brace ruling from the ATF. A brace is a  firearm accessory for disabled individuals. But I am sure Biden went to  his Attorney General and to the ATF and said, you know what, I hate  guns. How can I take millions of them off the street, without regard  for if they are legally owned? And how can I do it without going to  Congress because I really don't be want to do that.   Now, keep in mind, this is administrative law. Our Founders were  against this type of thing because they knew that the laws shouldn't  change with each administration.   When Democrats controlled both Chambers of Congress and the White  House, they didn't pass this legislation.   This ATF rule says that gun owners have 120 days of amnesty to  register or destroy their firearm if it has this firearm accessory. If  you don't obey, you become a felon.   What this administrative rule does not do is it does not make people  safer. This ruling turns millions of law-abiding gun owners into  criminals. Tens of millions of pistol braces have been sold in the  United States, with the permission of the ATF, the written permission  of the ATF.   They are telling you to take this off, or transfer it, or register it  like a machine gun, basically, the same paperwork.  [[Page H623]]    If you want to turn it into a short-barreled rifle, guess what?  Twenty-six percent of Americans live in a State where the ATF has left  them with no option. They will create an illegal gun in their State if  they comply with the ATF ruling in order to keep their gun.   How much compliance do we think there is going to be?   Well, there was a bump stock rule similar to this. There are about  half a million bump stocks estimated in circulation; 526 have been  returned to the government. So they have made half a million felons is  what they have done.    Now, Mr. Clyde has several bills to fix this. I can anticipate--or I  believe Justice Scalia, if he were alive, I can tell you, I believe,  based on a meeting that I had with him, which one he would prefer.   Several of us had breakfast with Scalia, and we said, oh, Obama is so  bad, and we don't have the constitutional balance of government. Fix  this for us, Supreme Court.   Scalia said, this is not my job to referee fights between you and the  executive branch. By the way, you are the most powerful, powerful  branch. You are Article I, and you can't--you have all the tools you  need to stop what he is doing.   One of my colleagues said, well, impeachment is so hard. Scalia said,  I am not talking about impeachment. You are funding everything you  complain about.   So I believe that his favorite method here, and it is certainly my  favorite method, would have been to defund this activity.   The ruling is unconstitutional. The Second Amendment is clear. Shall  not be infringed means shall not be infringed.   I urge all Americans to call their Representatives and support   Andrew Clyde's bill.   