 Mr. President, I rise to express my support for the fiscal  year 2024 National Defense Authorization Act. I am glad that we have  just brought the NDAA conference report to the floor.   First, I would like to acknowledge Senator Roger Wicker, Chairman    Mike Rogers, and Representative Adam Smith, whose partnership has been  critical for the success of this bill.   The hallmark of the Senate and House Armed Services Committees has  long been bipartisanship, and I am glad we have continued that  tradition for the 63rd consecutive year.   I would also like to thank my colleagues on the Senate and House  Armed Services Committees who helped produce this bill, as well as  Leader Schumer, Leader McConnell, Speaker Johnson, and Leader Jeffries,  who facilitated a thorough debate and enabled all Members to engage in  the process. We were able to negotiate hundreds of provisions between  both Chambers over the past few months--the most in many years.   This is a strong, forward-looking bill that I think we can all be  proud of. This NDAA is laser-focused on the threats we face. It  addresses a broad range of pressing issues, from strategic competition  with China and Russia to countering threats from Iran, North Korea,  violent extremists, and climate change. The bill authorizes record  level investments in key technologies, like hypersonics and artificial  intelligence, and makes real progress toward modernizing our ships,  aircraft, and combat vehicles.   Most importantly, this NDAA provides a historic level of support for  our troops and their families, including the largest pay raise in  decades.   I am confident it will provide the Department of Defense and our  military men and women with the resources they need to meet and  overcome the national security threats we face.   I would like to take this opportunity, also, to recognize the  incredible staff who have made this bill possible. Senator Wicker will,  I am sure, speak on behalf of the minority staff in just a moment, but  I wanted to specifically recognize the director of the Democratic  staff, Elizabeth King, and the director of the Republican staff, John  Keast. They did a remarkable job, and they have led their staffs with  professionalism and skill.   I would also like to thank the members of the Armed Services  Committee staff: Jody Bennett, Carolyn Chuhta, Jon Clark, Jenny Davis,  Jonathan Epstein, Jorie Feldman, Kevin Gates, Creighton Greene, Gary  Leeling, Kirk McConnell, Maggie McNamara Cooper, Bill Monahan, Meredith  Werner, Mike Noblet, John Quirk, Andy Scott, Cole Stevens, Isabelle  Picciotti, Alison Warner, Leah Brewer, Sean Jones, Joe Gallo, Brittany  Amador, Griffin Cannon, Sofia Kamali, Chad Johnson, Julia Coulter,  Vannary Kong, Noah Sisk, Zachary Volpe, and, once again, staff director  Elizabeth King.   That was a long list, but it is a fraction of what they have put into  this, in terms of time and effort, and we could not have accomplished  this without them.   I want to thank the floor staff and the leadership for all they have  done to make this possible.   Finally, I urge all my colleagues to support this excellent bill.   With that, I will yield the floor.   