 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Countering Untrusted  Telecommunications Abroad Act, and I thank Representative Susan Wild  for her strong leadership on this very important piece of legislation.   Telecommunications security is a pillar of our national security. If  an adversary can partially or fully shut down your mobile network, then  they have tremendous leverage over your diplomatic, economic, and  security matters. If an adversary can tap into your networks through  back doors built into network equipment, then phone calls on national  security matters can and will be surveilled.   Given these dangerous vulnerabilities, it is crucial that Congress  and the executive branch fully understand the risks.   The Countering Untrusted Telecommunications Abroad Act will require  additional reporting and analysis on the safety of our communications  in embassies around the globe where, by necessity, communications will  often need to be routed through equipment produced by PRC companies  like Huawei and ZTE.   The legislation also calls for reporting on the use of unsafe  telecommunication equipment by countries with whom we have mutual  security pacts. We need to be able to communicate securely with our  allies and partners around the world. Crucially, the legislation also  authorizes the State Department to engage in telecommunications  security activities.   Notably, one section of the bill, unfortunately, was removed from the  version of this legislation that passed the House overwhelmingly last  Congress and that passed out of the Foreign Affairs Committee earlier  this year. That section would require publicly traded  telecommunications operators to disclose their use of unsafe PRC  telecommunications equipment.   I know, and I believe, that this is important information for  investors to know, given the sanctions and export controls currently  imposed on these vendors. It is also crucial national security  information.   Unfortunately, the Financial Services majority asked us to remove  this section due to their disposition against explicit additional  securities disclosure requirements.   While I accept their jurisdictional claim, the disclosure  requirements in this legislation were modeled after a Republican bill  on Iran, and I believe they would provide important information for  investors and bolster national security. Representative Wild is not  pushing immediate, aggressive sanctions. The removed section  represented a sensible, middle-ground approach.   Given the widespread bipartisan agreement on many issues pertaining  to China, I look forward to working with all of my colleagues across  the aisle on both committees to find a mutually agreeable solution to  this issue.   Even with the financial disclosures removed, though, the Countering  Untrusted Telecommunications Abroad Act is important legislation that  will move the ball forward on telecommunication security matters.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Pennsylvania (Ms. Wild), the author of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I  yield myself the balance of my time for the purpose of closing.   Mr. Speaker, Congresswoman Wild's very important legislation, the  Countering Untrusted Telecommunications Abroad Act, will take tangible  steps to improve our telecommunications security and, thereby, our  national security.   I appreciate the bipartisan nature with which we have dealt with this  bill in the 117th Congress and now are dealing with it in the 118th  Congress, working collectively together for our national security.   I believe that this bill should have every Member's support, and I  urge them to vote for the Countering Untrusted Telecommunications  Abroad Act.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1151, and I  yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am the proud sponsor of H.R. 1151, the Upholding  Sovereignty of Airspace or the USA Act.   First, I thank Chairman   Michael McCaul for co-leading this bill and  for his partnership on the House Foreign Affairs Committee and  presenting a united front on this very important issue.   On January 28 of this year, a PRC surveillance balloon intruded our  airspace. The balloon then flew across our Nation, trying to gather  intelligence from sensitive American military sites. This was an  unacceptable violation of U.S. sovereignty.   The Biden administration closely monitored and tracked the balloon  while it was over U.S. soil and took action to limit the balloon's  ability to collect useful information that the PRC could not gather  otherwise.   On February 4, once it no longer posed a danger to Americans on the  ground, the United States military shot down the balloon off the coast  of South Carolina.   President Biden safely and successfully took down the balloon in a  way that allowed us to collect the debris and learn more about the  PRC's surveillance program and capabilities.   Since that day, the Biden administration has smartly declassified  additional information about the PRC's global program and shared it  with our allies and partners.   We have learned that the United States and Canada aren't alone. PRC  surveillance balloons have violated the sovereignty of over 40 nations  across 5 continents.   This blatant disregard for the airspace and sovereignty of other  nations is not only contrary to international rules, it is dangerous  and provocative.   I have been deeply concerned by Beijing's response. Instead of  apologizing, Beijing has resorted to denials and absurd misinformation  and propaganda. Instead of making amends, Beijing has exacerbated  tensions between our nations.   Now, I know that the United States of America will not be brought  down by any balloon. We are the greatest and the strongest Nation on  this planet.   That is why it was important to have this bipartisan legislation. By  doing that, the House can clearly declare that such a violation of  international law and U.S. sovereignty will not be tolerated and must  not happen again.   H.R. 1151 calls on the administration to coordinate with our allies  and partners and work within international organizations to call  Beijing out for its repeated infringement of country sovereignty around  the entire planet.   It also authorizes the President to hold responsible parties  accountable through sanctions and calls for reporting and export  controls by the Bureau of Industry and Security to disrupt the PRC's  Military-Civil Fusion efforts related to its surveillance balloon  program.   Mr. Speaker, the PRC must respect global norms and values. When the  PRC doesn't, the United States and the international community must  stay together to hold Beijing accountable.   Mr. Speaker, Russia's invasion of Ukraine made clear that the rules- based global order is under attack. Russia and China are increasingly  not just bending the rules, they are breaking them. The PRC's violation  of our sovereignty is just one example of this.   In the competition with China, we must be vigilant and vocal about  upholding our values and upholding international rules.   To succeed in this competition, we must be smart, prioritizing the  challenges and strategies to address them while working diplomatically  alongside our partners and allies and friends.   The PRC's global surveillance program was a challenge not only to the  [[Page H1738]]  United States but to the sovereignty of nations around the world, and  it deserves a policy response. That is why this bill is very important.   It is also why, again, I thank Chairman McCaul and Members of the  House Foreign Affairs Committee for working collectively in a  bipartisan way.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 1151, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution,  and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Putin's Russia has abandoned the international systems  that help countries interact and help build good faith and greater  security. As someone who believes in the power of diplomacy and  dialogue as a path to peace, the state of today's Russia is tragic and  testing the international community's resolve, but I am so thankful  that President Biden is indeed more responsible than Mr. Putin.   It is that kind of responsibility that is truly important and that we  make sure that we are utilizing diplomacy along with our allies  together, not America alone, not America by itself, but America and its  friends. That is restraint.   I can recall if you have a red line, it is easy to draw a line, but  the person that is most reserved steps back and if someone truly  crosses that line, the United States is ready.   That Russia ignores the rules and standards is really not new. It is  not surprising, but it has become more consequential and detrimental.  We have  [[Page H1739]]  seen Russia's ill-advised and criminal behavior in Ukraine. That is why  the United States under President Biden's leadership has created the  strong bond with our NATO and European allies and others all across the  world.   Again, when I think of March 14 and the Russian pilots' decision to  release jet fuel upon an American surveillance drone and clip the  aircraft, it indeed was a reckless move that caused the drone to crash  into the Black Sea. It was an unprofessional and dangerous maneuver,  and it marked the first time since the Cold War that Russia has downed  a U.S. aircraft.    This incident added to the already heightened tensions between the  United States and Russia as Vladimir Putin continues his war of  aggression in Ukraine. While our pilots and military work carefully to  avoid such incidents--again, prudence, responsibility--I don't want to  be like Vladimir Putin or the Russians. I don't want to imitate them,  but Russia is about to play with fire.   Thankfully, we have a professional military that knows the power of  restraint. This resolution rightfully condemns the March 14 incident  and will let them know that we are watching, and we will not be silent  about it, especially here in the United States Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this  resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume for  the purpose of closing.   Mr. Speaker, let me thank Congressman Williams for this resolution,  along with Mr. Costa, again working in a strong, bipartisan way.   Congressman Williams' resolution appropriately condemns Russia's  irresponsible and provocative downing of a U.S. surveillance drone over  the Black Sea. It lets Russia and the entire world know that the United  States House of Representatives stands strongly together in condemning  the actions of the pilot that downed the U.S. surveillance drone.   It says unequivocally that the United States of America will stand  and stand together and work together with our friends and allies  against the provocative and, I believe, criminal actions of Vladimir  Putin.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   