 Madam President, my colleagues and I are here today to  raise the alarm once again about the ongoing crisis at our southern  border. This is an issue that is incredibly important to my  constituents, and it should be a priority here in the U.S. Senate.   As I said when I visited the border as a Governor and then again last  month as a Senator, every State is a border State. It is not just me  saying that; it is my colleagues, both as Governors and as U.S.  Senators, saying that. That is because the States across the country,  including my own State of Nebraska, are dealing with the consequences  of this administration failing to secure our border.   This crisis is a threat to all Americans for many reasons. Americans  are being killed today because of what is going on at the border. The  leading cause of death of Americans age 18 to 45 in 2020 and 2021 was  fentanyl overdose. A majority of those drugs are coming to this country  from overseas.   Taryn Lee Griffith was a 24-year-old single mom who died in Nebraska.  She died of a fentanyl overdose. She was out with friends and took a  pill she thought was Percocet. It was laced with fentanyl, and that is  what killed her. Taryn's youngest daughter was only 6 months old when  this happened. Now her two daughters are going to have to learn about  their mom from pictures and from stories from family.   I think we can all agree that fentanyl is a scourge on this country.  From 2014 to 2019, fentanyl mostly entered this country from overseas,  being shipped internationally from the People's Republic of China. Now  it is being shipped from the PRC to Mexico. There, it is manufactured  in illegal labs and smuggled across our border.   The Chinese Communist Party and the Mexican drug cartels are taking  advantage of the fact that we have a weak border to surge a flow of  illegal drugs--especially fentanyl--across our U.S. border. They have  the blood of the Americans who have died on their hands because of  this, and we must hold them accountable.   With border agents and local law enforcement overwhelmed by the surge  of illegal immigration, it is easier than ever for these cartels to be  able to bring fentanyl into the United States.   Because of this failed administration's policy, State law enforcement  has been forced to step up. In my last 2 years as Governor when I was  in Nebraska, we saw what happened compared to 2020. The State patrol  confiscated 2 times as much methamphetamine, 3 times as much fentanyl,  and 10 times as much cocaine. Last year alone, the DEA's Omaha Division  seized 4.7 million doses of fentanyl.   This administration's abandonment of its responsibility is an  outrage. It is endangering American lives each and every day. Yet the  President has not shown he is serious about tackling this problem. His  budget requested $535 million for border security technology. Yet he  wants to spend seven times that much--a whopping $3.9 billion--on the  Department of Homeland Security's climate resilience program. These are  misplaced priorities. I want to take care of the environment. We all  do. I want us to be more resilient. But Americans are dying right now  because of fentanyl coming across our border.   Now, the President may not be serious about securing our border, but  my colleagues and I are. When I was Governor, I worked with my fellow  Governors to propose real solutions to this administration, and I am  eager to work with my colleagues here in the U.S. Senate to do the  same.   If addressing this crisis isn't our job in the U.S. Senate, I don't  know what is. Americans and Nebraskans are on the line. We need to give  the Border Patrol what they need to fully enforce our laws and stop  this influx of deadly drugs. Our constituents are counting on us. We  need to take action. I urge all my colleagues to work with our  conference to pass serious solutions to tackle this problem.   With that, I yield the floor.   (Mr. WARNOCK assumed the Chair.)   