 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  Senators be permitted to speak prior to the scheduled rollcall votes:  Myself for up to 15 minutes, Senator Gillibrand for up to 5 minutes,  Senator Cotton for up to 5 minutes, and Leader Schumer for up to 5  minutes.    Mr. President, 1 month ago today, Hamas launched its  unprovoked attack on the State of Israel, on innocent men, women, and  children, civilians all. Hamas entered the country by land, air, and  sea, and they brutally murdered more than 1,400 Israelis. They also  took hundreds of hostages, some of whom were American citizens. They  abused and assaulted innocent civilians and left a trail of devastation  in their wake.   In the face of Hamas's barbaric attack, Israel has done what any  country would do and defended its citizens and its sovereignty, and it  has every right to do so. This basic truth has somehow become a point  of confusion in some circles, but we should not be confused.   Many on the far left--including at least one Member of the House of  Representatives--have pointed to Israel's defense as an example of what  she calls genocide. They act as though Israel was the aggressor here,  not Hamas. They called on the President to speak out against the  actions of the victim, not the aggressor. It is as though they think  Israel is somehow the moral equivalent of the terrorist group Hamas.   It is especially disturbing to see this rhetoric spreading on social  media because many people who were not familiar with the facts, the  circumstances, and the history of Hamas and Israel, Iran, and  Hezbollah--they may actually believe the disinformation and propaganda  they see on social media. It is also very deeply disturbing to see how  it is absorbed and embraced by many college campuses, and it is  downright disturbing, of course, to see it repeated here in the Halls  of Congress.   There should be no confusion. Hamas is the aggressor, and Hamas bears  ultimate responsibility for the pain and suffering in Israel and in  Gaza. Hamas's own tactics are the very reason for the loss of life in  Gaza and that it has been so high, because these terrorists, who care  nothing about the individuals, have a long history of using Palestinian  civilians as human shields for their own benefit.   And then Hamas operates a vast network of tunnels underneath Gaza.  The tunnels shield terrorists from the dangerous fighting above ground.  They also store critical supplies like water, food, and fuel, which are  being kept from the Palestinian civilians. As many of us are concerned  about the humanitarian disaster caused by Hamas's attack on Israel, it  is Hamas itself that is exacerbating and making the humanitarian crisis  worse.   It seems likely that the tunnels are also the hiding place for more  than 200 hostages taken by Hamas last month. A video recently shared  online of a Hamas gunman who was captured and interrogated by the  Israeli officials was particularly revealing. He said that Hamas  shelters in tunnels and basements under clinics, schools, and hospitals  because they know the Israelis will not target those locations out of  concern for the collateral damage or damage to innocent civilians. That  is why Hamas deliberately places innocent Palestinians between its  terrorist foot soldiers and incoming rockets.   As a result of Hamas's human shield strategy, the number of civilian  casualties in Gaza is devastating. There is no denying that. It is  important, though, to remember that the pain and suffering that is  occurring throughout Israel and Gaza is directly attributable to Hamas,  a U.S.-designated terrorist organization serving as a proxy for the No.  1 state-sponsor of terrorism, which is Iran. The blood of this war is  clearly on Hamas's hands.   As the fighting continues, I am reminded of a saying that has been  around for years: If Hamas laid down its weapons today, there would be  no more violence. If Israel laid down its weapons, there would be no  more Israel.   Hamas is not fighting for peace. It is trying to wipe Israel off the  map--again, as a proxy for its sponsor, which is the Supreme Leader in  Tehran. They all share a desire to wipe the Jewish State off the map  entirely.   The United States cannot equivocate between good and evil. We must  stand with Israel. There is no question that words are important. We  have a responsibility to voice our support, speak out against Hamas,  and call out dangerous anti-Semitic slander when we see it.   But words alone are not enough. America has a responsibility to come  to the aid of our ally with the resources it needs not only to fight  but to actually win this war. This includes air defense systems that  safeguard Israeli people from rocket attacks. It includes intelligence  support to stay one step ahead of the terrorists. And it includes  military aid to find and eliminate the Hamas threat.   As part of that commitment, Congress has a big job to do. We need to  pass a supplemental funding bill to ensure Israel has the tools it  needs to defeat Hamas terrorists, and, last week, the House of  Representatives did just that. They passed an Israel aid bill with  bipartisan support. Their legislation would provide up to $14.3 billion  to ensure that Israel has the resources they need to defend themselves.   Our friends across the Capitol offset the spending by reallocating a  portion  [[Page S5391]]  of the bloated IRS funding from the Democrats' massive so-called  Inflation Reduction Act. I would add that that was $14.3 billion out of  an $80 billion appropriation to the Internal Revenue Service, hardly  the majority of that funding.   But if our colleagues on the other side of the aisle don't like those  pay-fors, then they are free to come up with an alternative. But the  truth is, they don't believe in paying for anything. And we saw, just  this last year, about $670 billion paid by the United States to our  bond holders to help finance this national debt, and that is not  getting any better by the day. Certainly, if we were to pass another  supplemental appropriations bill to aid Israel or Ukraine, or for any  other purpose, and actually make our national debt worse, it would put  us on a perilous path.   Well, President Biden, who said, ``We stand with Israel; we will do  anything that they need us to do,'' has actually threatened to veto the  $14.3 billion supplemental appropriations bill that was passed by the  House. How he can reconcile his stated support for Israel and his  threat to veto a supplemental appropriations bill escapes me.   Then there is the majority leader here in the Senate--the Senator  from New York, Senator Schumer--who said that the House bill is dead on  arrival in the Senate, and he took his opposition a step further,  blasting this legislation as ``stunningly unserious'' and ``a joke.''   Well, I have to respectfully disagree with the majority leader. There  is nothing funny about denying Israel the assistance it needs in  defending itself against this terrorist threat. It is no secret that  America's national debt has put us in an extremely vulnerable position.   Thirteen years ago, Admiral Michael Mullen, who was Chairman of the  Joint Chiefs of Staff, warned that ``the most significant threat to our  national security is our debt.'' That actually struck me as a little  unusual at the time. But, at that time, the national debt was roughly  $13.5 trillion. Since then, it has more than doubled to $33.6 trillion  and counting.   So I think that what he was getting at is that the more we end up  spending money that we are borrowing from subsequent generations and  the more interest we have to continue to pay to people willing to buy  our debt, we are going to have a whole lot less financial resources and  flexibility that we need when unexpected things occur, like the Russian  invasion of Ukraine or Hamas's invasion of Israel. We simply won't have  the money and the flexibility to do what we expect America to do, which  is to always lead and be an agent for peace and stability.   If we continue at this pace, our children and grandchildren will have  no chance of digging out from under this debt. There is an old saying  that ``the best time to start was yesterday; the next best time to  start is now.'' We have a responsibility to start chipping away at the  national debt now and certainly not to make it any worse. Every single  spending bill is an opportunity to make tough but necessary choices to  achieve that goal.    I am disappointed that the majority of our Democratic colleagues  don't seem to have any interest in addressing this threat to our  national security. Over the last couple of years, they have spent, on a  party-line basis, $2.6 trillion without a single Republican vote, and  now they blast an attempt to address the growing debt as ``unserious.''   Well, that $2.6 trillion in spending that our Democratic colleagues  did on a party-line basis was partly responsible for our 40-year high  inflation rate that is eating up the standard of living of hard-working  Americans across the country. I think the figure I saw indicates that,  if this is broken down per capita, it is roughly worth slightly under  $1,000 in additional costs for the average family.   Our Democratic colleagues, if they didn't like the pay-for provided  by the House of Representatives, they could have suggested different  offsets. You can't tell me, given the amount of money the Federal  Government spends, that it couldn't find offsets for $14.3 billion. Or  the majority leader could have simply put the bill on the floor and  left room open for an amendment process. But, instead, he resorted to  name-calling and trying to belittle the serious efforts that the House  has undertaken, both to deal with the emergency in Israel and the  national debt.   In the next couple of weeks, the Senate and the House are going to  have to work together to address the major issues that are swirling in  front of Congress right now, which include Israel, Ukraine, the border,  and, yes, keeping the government funded. This is hardly the way to  start off on a good foot.   Republicans and Democrats in Congress overwhelmingly support Israel.  We agree that the United States needs to provide support for our ally.  At the same time, we need to get serious about addressing another  massive national security threat, which is our growing national debt  and the crowding out of our ability to spend money on other necessary  priorities instead of paying China and Japan, who own that debt.   Washington has a spending problem. That is the first thing we need to  acknowledge. Unfortunately, many of my colleagues are unwilling to  acknowledge it. We have to get it under control.   Today marks 1 month since Hamas attacked Israel, and I am  disappointed that the Senate has yet to act on support--financial  support--for our closest ally in the Middle East. I have no idea what  Senator Schumer's plans are to actually process this supplemental  appropriation. I don't know how long Israel will have to sustain the  onslaught of Hamas's rockets and terrorist attacks on its people before  the U.S. Congress and the U.S. Government will respond, as President  Biden said we would.   Under the leadership of Speaker Johnson, the House did its job. It  passed legislation to provide $14.3 billion for Israel with bipartisan  support. So I come to the floor profoundly disappointed that Senator  Schumer refuses to take up this emergency supplemental appropriations  bill to aid Israel.   The United States has a responsibility to stand with Israel. I think  that is the consensus position here in Congress on a bipartisan basis.  But it takes more than just words. It takes action.   One month after the war began is too long to respond to the needs  that the people of Israel have to defend their country and their way of  life. I hope we can see movement on this aid package for Israel sooner  rather than later.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   