 Mr. President, placing holds on hundreds of military  promotions over a single policy disagreement is unconscionable. It is  harming our national security, and it is going to have cascading  effects for years. Not only will military services be left without  confirmed leaders, but our senior leaders are going to have to do  multiple jobs at once. This will disadvantage the services at every  level and leave less experienced members to have to step in to fill  their bosses' shoes.   As someone who served in the navy for 25 years, I want to paint a  picture of what that looks like in the real world. Operations plans-- they will not get updated. Now these are the plans that prepare us for  military conflicts, for humanitarian disasters, and any conflict we  face around the world.   Operations and exercises will suffer because they lack an expert at  the head of the table who can weigh strategic risks and who is  empowered by Congress to make critical decisions.   We won't have confirmed senior leaders at the table in places like  Africa, where we are trying to strengthen ties and security cooperation  with our partners to counter violent extremists and the rising  influence of Russia and China.   And speaking of China, we won't have confirmed senior leaders at  critical posts in the regions in that region of the world where they  are empowered to bolster our capabilities.   And let's not forget, these holds are preventing the promotions of  military leaders in Alabama. There are a lot of really important units  who operate out of the Redstone Arsenal, including the Missile Defense  Agency, which is responsible for developing U.S. defense against  incoming ballistic missiles.   The Missile Defense Agency's next Director is one of those officers  at Redstone who is waiting for his third star before he can officially  assume this new role. The Senator from Alabama is preventing that.   Do we really want a leadership gap at the Missile Defense Agency?   And, lastly, I have to mention that this tactic treats our military  servicemembers and their families like political pawns. Let me tell  you, this isn't just like holding up a promotion like in any other job.  This blockade of military promotions is hurting military families who  are having to put off moves to new assignments across the country or  across the world.   That means a military spouse cannot start a new job. It means a new  school year starts without military kids who are stuck at their last  base and don't know if they are going to be able to maybe try out for  the sports team or join a club.   Now, I know from experience just how hard these moves are. They are  hard for military families, and that is under the best of  circumstances, let alone when they are stuck in the middle of this.   As our military faces recruitment challenges, this stunt--and this is  a stunt--is making a decision easy for a military family who has  supported their servicemembers, maybe for decades, to finally say that  they have had enough. Maybe they will choose to retire instead of  assume yet another unknown, brought to you by the Senator from Alabama,  or maybe a junior servicemember--maybe that person--decides not to make  a career in the military because they see so much uncertainty as their  bosses are treated like political pawns. These holds are going to have  cascading effects. It is going to get worse and worse. This is not just  some abstract idea.   Let me talk about a few of the military leaders whose promotions are  being blocked.   The President of the United States has nominated RADM Frederick W.  Kacher to be a vice admiral in the U.S. Navy and the Commander of the  Seventh Fleet. The Commander of the Seventh Fleet is not going to be  able to take over as a confirmed vice admiral in that job. He has spent  31 years in service in 29 different duty assignments. By the Senator  from Alabama, he is being treated like a pawn.   The President has also nominated Rear Admiral Douglas G. Perry to be  a vice admiral in the U.S. Navy. He is currently the Second Fleet's  Commander of the Joint Forces Command in Norfolk. He has spent 34 years  in the U.S. Navy, and the Senator from Alabama is treating him like a  political pawn.   The President has nominated Rear Admiral Yvette M. Davids to be a  vice admiral in the U.S. Navy and the Superintendent of the U.S. Naval  Academy. She has spent 34 years in service. She was the Commander of a  carrier strike group. Now the Senator from Alabama is treating her like  a political pawn.   The President has nominated Rear Admiral Brendan R. McLane to be a  vice admiral in the U.S. Navy and Commander of the Naval Surface Force  of the U.S. Pacific Fleet. He has spent 33 years in service, and the  Senator from Alabama is treating him like a political pawn.   The President has nominated Rear Admiral Daniel L. Cheever to be a  vice admiral in the U.S. Navy and also the Commander of the Naval Air  Forces, U.S. Pacific Fleet. I served in the Pacific Fleet aboard an  aircraft carrier. Rear Admiral Cheever spent 35 years in the U.S. Navy,  and he was also the Commander of a carrier strike group. He is now  being treated like a political pawn.   The President has nominated VADM Charles B. Cooper II to be a vice  admiral in the U.S. Navy and the Deputy Commander of the U.S. Central  Command. How critical is that? He has 34 years of service, but he is  being treated as a political pawn.   The President has nominated Rear Admiral Robert M. Gaucher to be a  vice admiral of the U.S. Navy. He is currently the Commander of the  Naval Submarine Force and all of our submarines in the Atlantic Fleet-- attack and ballistic missile subs. He has spent 32 years in the U.S.  Navy, and the Senator from Alabama is treating him like a political  pawn.   The same is true for Rear Admiral Shoshana S. Chatfield. She has been  nominated to be promoted to a vice admiral and to be the U.S. Military  Representative to NATO's military committee. She has spent 35 years in  uniform, and the Senator from Alabama is treating her as a political  pawn.   The President has also nominated Rear Admiral James P. Downey to be a  vice admiral in the U.S. Navy and Commander of the Naval Sea Systems  Command. The Naval Sea Systems Command is all of the engineering and  development. The Presiding Officer knows, being a Senator from  Virginia, how critical it is to have somebody in this post who is  confirmed by the U.S. Senate. The Senator from Alabama is treating the  rear admiral as a political pawn.   The President has nominated Maj. Gen. Roger B. Turner, Jr., to be a  lieutenant general in the U.S. Marine Corps and the Commanding General  of the III MEF. I believe the Presiding Officer's son serves in the  U.S. Marine Corps. The III MEF in Japan is not  [[Page S3596]]  going to have a confirmed general. He has spent 34 years in service.   Finally--not finally; I have a few more. By the way, there are  another hundred sitting over here on the bench.   The President has nominated VADM William J. Houston to be an admiral  in the U.S. Navy--a full admiral--while serving as the Director of  Naval Nuclear Propulsion. This admiral is in charge of all of our  nuclear reactors, and he can't get promoted after spending 33 years in  the U.S. Navy because Senator Tuberville is treating him like a  political pawn.   Finally, the President of the United States has nominated MG Tony  Hale to be a lieutenant general. Now, I know Major General Hale. He is  currently serving as the Commanding General and Commandant at Fort  Huachuca in my State of Arizona. He has spent 29 years in uniform. He  has been in 18 different duty assignments--six in support of combat  operations. The Senator from Alabama is treating MG Tony Hale as his  political pawn.   I have been here for 2\1/2\ years. There is not something I have felt  more strongly about than this, and I don't think the Senator from  Alabama gets it. I mean, this blockade of military promotions is doing  real damage to our national security right now, it is doing great harm  to military families, and it is going to have cascading effects for  years. Every single day that this continues, the consequences--the  consequences--of this get more severe. So I urge my Senate colleague  from Alabama to remove his hold on these nominations so that the Senate  can perform its constitutional duty to enable our military readiness  and our national security.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Ashley  Daniel in my office be granted floor privileges for the remainder of  the day.   