 Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I acknowledge and thank my  colleague, the gentleman from Florida, for his service and for his  insights, which are invaluable to our committee and the work that we  are doing. I thank him.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H. Con. Res. 21, which would  remove the United States Armed Forces from Syria.   While the situation in the Middle East remains complicated and  volatile, we must not forget the critical role that the United States  plays in furthering peace and combating international terrorism in the  region.   As the chairman just pointed out, the use of military force is  authorized under the 2001 agreement. We must fulfill our obligations in  rooting out al-Qaida and its direct successors in ISIS.   As a resident of New York who was in his fifth day of freshman year  of high school on September 11, I will never forget the events of that  day, what occurred and the aftermath of it, and our obligation to  combat and confront terrorism wherever it rears its head.   ISIS may no longer hold territory, but they are still a threat. They  were responsible for 72 terrorist attacks in Iraq and Syria in the last  quarter of 2022 alone. Just last month, U.S. Forces killed a senior  ISIS leader in Syria.   ISIS once held territory the size of Great Britain, but thanks to our  ongoing efforts, it no longer does. A complete withdrawal of U.S.  Forces, however, will have the same disastrous consequences as our  rapid withdrawal from Afghanistan, a topic on which our committee is  holding a hearing today. Without U.S. Forces in Syria, our enemies will  return; they will regrow; and they will come after our allies and,  potentially, the United States.   While I appreciate and support the desire to prevent any further loss  of American life and limb, there is no doubt in my mind that if we let  international terrorist groups run rampant in Syria and throughout the  Middle East, especially in the wake of a devastating natural disaster  that the  [[Page H1177]]  country just experienced, we are abdicating our responsibility to keep  the American people safe from harm.   Not only that but by maintaining our troop presence in Syria, we can  continue to support our allies in the region and work toward a more  stable and peaceful Middle East, including supporting and growing the  Abraham Accords.   Of course, we must always prioritize the safety and well-being of our  military personnel, and any decision to maintain a true presence in  Syria must be carefully considered and strategically planned. The Biden  administration must be cognizant of this fact and not allow our true  presence in Syria to go the way of the disastrous Afghanistan  withdrawal.   I agree with my colleagues about the need to reevaluate and look at  the AUMFs, reform the process, and move forward, but we need to do so  in a deliberative manner. This is not the way to go about it. For those  reasons, I cannot in good conscience support this.   Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that this body will reject this resolution  and allow our committee to do the work that it needs to do to reform  this process.   