 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   This bill perhaps will pass this House. It certainly will not pass  the Senate, and it will not see the light of day on the President's  desk.   We spend our time here arguing a bill that violates the agreement  made by  [[Page H5787]]  314 of us in this body, 165 Democrats and 149 Republicans. A majority  of both parties said that we are going to have a funding level,  otherwise known in our jargon as a 302(a) number; we will mark to that  number; the Senate will mark to that number; and we will be able to get  a bill.   We have not done that, nor is there any intention to do that because  compromise is out of the question and confrontation is the order of the  day.   I do not rise solely to talk about this Labor-HHS bill. I rise  because I just came from a rally. It was an American rally on behalf of  Israel, on behalf of the people of Israel, and in opposition to terror,  murder, genocide, and the willingness of some to claim the destruction  of Israel and its people as their objective.   Yet, what do we do here in the House of Representatives? We sound an  uncertain trumpet. If Speaker Johnson, who spoke at the rally today in  support of Israel, would bring that bill to the floor to help fund that  effort, it would pass with over 400 votes. Yet, it lies slumbering  somewhere between the House and the Senate, and the Senate won't  consider it.   In addition, we are here disagreeing but disagreeing peacefully.  Unfortunately, the citizens of Ukraine do not have that luxury. They  stand. They fight for freedom, for democracy, against a Russian  criminal attack on a free and sovereign nation.   What do we do? We argue about a bill that is going nowhere, another  uncertain trumpet of our conviction that the defense of democracy and  freedom is worthy of our votes.   Mr. Chair, 400 votes for Israel, over 300 votes for Ukraine, and it  does not come to the floor.   How strong a voice does America send to not only our enemies but to  our allies as to our commitment to democracy, to freedom, and to  international law? How muddled our voice seems to be on the  international scene.   Mr. Chair, I hope you bring those two bills to the floor, not as a  political deal, not as a tit for tat, but as a statement of America  that we stand for those who fight for freedom and democracy and a world  of law.   Bring those bills to the floor. We have already voted eight or nine  times on Ukraine, 300 votes every vote, and Israel, over 400 votes.   Please do that, Mr. Chair. Please do it for our own ideals. Do it for  the defense of democracy and freedom and survival in Israel and freedom  and democracy and sovereignty in Ukraine. America ought to do no less.   