 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Chair, for over 2 years, I have worked with my colleague from  Virginia's Ninth District to pass the HALT Fentanyl Act. During this  time, our country has reeled from a record-breaking number of  poisonings. In both 2021 and 2022, over 100,000 Americans died of an  overdose.   What was the main culprit? Fentanyl-related substances.   In 2021, 77 percent of teen overdose deaths were attributed to an  illicit  [[Page H2582]]  fentanyl poisoning, and it is now the number one cause of deaths among  adults 18 to 49.   This crisis has simply spiraled out of control, and action must be  taken immediately. That is why our bill, the HALT Fentanyl Act, comes  into play.   Right now, these fentanyl substances are temporarily set as a  schedule I narcotic. If this class-wide scheduling were to expire, drug  traffickers will be given the green light to push deadlier drugs; law  enforcement will lose authority to seize these deadly narcotics; and  Americans will continue to die.   I am pleased the House is taking up this bill to permanently place  fentanyl-related substances as a schedule I narcotic.   Let me take a moment to clear up a misconception about this bill.  This isn't about criminal justice reform. This is about justice for the  victims of fentanyl poisoning. Cartels are killing our citizens for 10  cents. Let me repeat that: Cartels are killing our citizens for 10  cents. That is how much it costs to make a pill in Mexico that is  fentanyl-laced.   This is the DEA's number one priority. We owe it to our constituents  to fix this permanently.   Currently, to trigger a 10-year mandatory minimum, an offense must  involve 100 grams or more of a mixture containing a fentanyl analogue.  Because the average lethal dose of fentanyl is just 2 milligrams, the  offense would need to contain roughly 50,000 lethal doses. Again, that  is 50,000 human beings that would be murdered from fentanyl poisoning.   Madam Chair, I strongly encourage my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to support the HALT Fentanyl Act to help end this crisis and save  innocent lives.   