 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Nadler for yielding, my  longtime friend and distinguished ranking member of the Judiciary  Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the thousands of brave men and  women of Federal, State, and Tribal law enforcement that were  intentionally left out of the resolution before the House, H. Con. Res.  40, by the Republican majority. That includes, as has been described,  omitting the United States Capitol Police, who heroically defended this  very Chamber on January 6 from armed insurrectionists intent on  disrupting the peaceful transfer of power in this Nation, who gave life  and limb to defend the American democratic experiment. That to me is  worthy of recognition in this resolution. It is the very least we  should and could do.   I am privileged to serve as the ranking member of the Committee on  House Administration, the committee charged with ensuring the safety  and security of all who work and visit here.   This week, my committee heard testimony from the chief of the United  States Capitol Police. The chief testified about the enduring impact  that January 6 has had on the force and the physical and mental scars  the officers still carry.   How did the committee's majority respond?   They blamed the department.   They didn't blame the former President who urged his supporters to  come to Washington, claiming that he would march to the Capitol with  them.   They didn't blame the insurrectionists that came armed with guns,  knives, tasers, and used poles bearing the American flag to viciously  beat Capitol Police officers.   They didn't blame the elected officials that were complicit in the  former President's corrupt scheme to retain power.   No, they blamed the department.   Since my colleagues across the aisle won't do it, allow me to do it:  To every one of the nearly 2,000 sworn Capitol Police officers, thank  you. You deserve to be in this resolution. We thank you not just for  your actions on that day, but for every single day. We have your backs,  just as you always have ours.   