 Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition of the Perry  amendment No. 74, which prohibits any funds from being made available  for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) through the FY  24 Appropriations for the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and  Related Programs (SFOPs). The subcommittee for State and Foreign  Operations has, in a bipartisan manner, supported the Biden  Administration's decision to reengage with the United Nations Relief  and Works Agency (UNRWA), including its inclusion in the Fiscal Year  2023 bill of additional funding from previous years for food assistance  to refugees in the West Bank and Gaza. It is imperative that we put  aside political agendas and instead make policy-based decisions that  benefit our national security and humanitarian core values.   Like other reengagements with the United Nations (UN) system, the  Department of State's strategic partnership with UNRWA is clearly  demonstrating the benefits of U.S. financial support. Earlier this  year, Ambassador Thomas-Greenfield told UN Security Council members,  ``At this moment of heightened tensions, we must be sure to support  UNRWA, which serves as a lifeline to Palestinians and plays an  important stabilizing role in the region.'' Four out of the Agency's  five fields of operation are in crisis: ranging from the aftermaths of  a terrible natural disaster, a seriously deteriorating security  situation, and unprecedented financial and economic collapse.  Continuing UNRWA's life-saving humanitarian and human development  mission on behalf of Palestinian refugees requires more, not less U.S.  support.   This cruel amendment deprives innocent people of food, healthcare,  and education. It robs refugees of any hope for a better life for them  and their children. Unfortunately, Mr. Chair, when I make the argument  for Palestinian existence and basic human rights, it's sadly not  compelling enough for some Members, so let me also make the case from a  national security perspective. This amendment undermines our national  security--not only for Palestinian stability, but also Israeli  stability in the region.   Let's think Gaza: How is Israel safer if we choose to deliberately  starve Palestinians or deny them healthcare? How is Israel safer when  300,000 girls and boys are no longer in school? Ending the UNRWA  mission in Gaza alone will result in recruitment by extremist groups  among Gaza youth, who are already facing 70 percent unemployment. This  is not a good amendment from any standpoint and for any party.   Let's think Lebanon: UNRWA educates 40,000 Lebanese girls and boys,  its health system has almost 600,000 annual patient visits, and it aids  the most desperately poor, living in a place where people give serious  consideration to crossing the Mediterranean despite knowing the chances  of surviving the trip are, at best, a coin flip.   Let's think Jordan: Our other ally, the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan,  which is comprised of approximately 50 percent Palestinian Jordanians,  strongly supports the UNRWA mission and has taken a leadership role in  trying to stabilize UNRWA's long-term financial situation.   Finally let's think Israel itself: Israeli security officials  recently told the International Crisis Group that ``UNRWA's demise and  the corresponding collapse in services would wreak havoc in the West  Bank and Gaza, or--just as importantly for Israeli interests--in Jordan  and Lebanon, presenting Israel with unprecedented new security  challenges.''   Earlier this month, I led, with Senator Sanders, a bicameral letter  signed by over 50 Members of Congress and Senators to Ranking Member  Risch, calling for the release of his individual hold on previously  appropriated and enacted funds to UNRWA for FY23. This abuse of  congressional courtesy is unacceptable; no one Senator or Member should  be able to indefinitely hold monies that we as a body have voted to  appropriate. I not only call for an increase of funds to UNRWA for  FY24, I strongly oppose the Perry No. 74 amendment, and I call on my  colleague in the Senate to release the FY23 funds immediately.   The far-right attack on UNRWA is not evidence based. Instead, it will  cause more instability. The United States, as a nation of refugees and  immigrants, should be leading by example, and not voting to cruelly cut  off desperately needed humanitarian assistance that UNRWA provides. I  urge all my colleagues to vote against this dangerous proposal.   