 Mr. Speaker, I thank Debbie and all my colleagues for  being here today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on behalf of Aviv Atzili. I was  supposed to be here speaking about him being held hostage by Hamas and  the need to bring him home safely and without delay.   Instead, I am sadly here to speak about the memory of Aviv. Aviv was  a dedicated family man, who just hours ago it was confirmed that he was  killed by Hamas.   According to his father-in-law, a New Jerseyan, Aviv bravely fought  back against terrorists, but they had not heard anything since that day  in October. The news of his death comes hours after his wife, Liat, an  American, was released from captivity after 54 days.   While we are grateful for her release, we mourn the loss of Aviv as  he leaves behind Liat and her three children.   We are keeping friends, family, and certainly his community in our  prayers, but, unfortunately, Aviv's story is one of thousands, many  that you will hear tonight about American citizens, many who have been  killed or taken hostage by Hamas terrorists.   When I traveled with Debbie in a bipartisan group just 2 days after  the attack when we were in Israel, we heard the stories from the  families. We listened as two children talked about how their mother and  father hid in that shelter until they broke through and took her father  away while she hid, and we are still waiting to hear what happened  there. It is impossible to try to fathom exactly the pain that they are  going through, to watch and to hear what happened as they are hiding.   Many Israelis continue to live that dark day and they are waiting to  hear about those who have been taken away. It is time to bring them all  home. The images, the videos of the reuniting children and families  bring that joy to our heart in such time of pain. It is a reminder that  we must bring all the remaining hostages home without delay.   I am proud to join with my colleagues here today to highlight our  commitment to bring every single one of them home. We cannot and we  will not be silent until all those held by that terrorist organization  are reunited with their families.   As a father and grandfather, it breaks my heart to listen to the pain  of those families and what they are going through, and I cannot fathom  what the Atzili family across Israel had to live through since its  brutal attack.   Mr. Speaker, Aviv and Liat's story is a reminder that every single  hostage and Israeli loss is a son, daughter, mother, father, brother,  or sister. May Aviv's memory be a blessing to his family and to all of  us.    