 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, regulation by enforcement is a practice all too  common with this administration. This is particularly the case at the  SEC and Chair Gary Gensler's approach toward our capital markets and  financial services industry but especially with our emerging digital  assets community.   My amendment seeks to put an end to Chair Gensler's pattern of  regulatory abuse--a pattern that is crushing American innovation and  capital formation--without undermining our ability to go after  criminals and fraudsters.   Specifically, my amendment prohibits the SEC from using funds for  enforcement activities related to digital asset transactions until  Congress passes legislation that gives the SEC jurisdiction over this  asset class. This will keep Chair Gensler--who has proven himself to be  ineffective and incompetent--in check while Congress continues working  to give this industry a chance to grow and develop right here in the  United States.   Let's just look at the facts. Under Gensler's leadership, the SEC has  pursued dozens of enforcement actions against the digital asset  industry, despite never finalizing a single rule or regulation for the  industry to follow. Chair Gensler refuses to provide the marketplace  with clear criteria for digital assets that he would consider to be a  security. How can this industry comply if there are no rules or  guidelines to follow?   On top of that, Chair Gensler has developed a track record of going  after actors like Coinbase, a publicly traded company desperately  trying to survive and innovate right here in the United States instead  of going offshore like so many are forced to do. Gensler has done this  while missing the bad actors, like FTX and Terra Luna.   At a time when clear guidance is desperately needed, Chair Gensler  instead spends taxpayer resources praising himself for targeting  celebrities like Kim Kardashian while Sam Bankman-Fried was running a  Ponzi scheme right under his nose.   What is worse is the SEC doesn't even have jurisdiction from Congress  over this asset class to begin with. Yet, the SEC has no shame in  trying to expand their jurisdiction to swallow and destroy the digital  assets industry through regulation by enforcement.   Last year, the SEC's director of enforcement admitted during a House  Financial Services Committee hearing that the SEC pursues enforcement  actions on entities that are actually outside of its jurisdiction. One  of these extra-jurisdictional enforcement cases was the SEC's landmark  crypto enforcement case against Ripple alleging that XRP is a security.  In July, the Southern District of New York sided  [[Page H5605]]  against the SEC, asserting that XRP is not itself a security.   In August, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of  Columbia circuit found the SEC to be acting arbitrarily and  capriciously in its refusal to approve Grayscale's Bitcoin spot ETF  application. Just last month, the Government Accountability Office  found the SEC to have created an illegal crypto accounting rule that is  actually out of compliance with the Administrative Procedure Act and  the Congressional Review Act.   The unique characteristics of digital assets make it hard to fit this  asset class into any existing regulatory framework. That doesn't mean  crypto is up for grabs by whatever Federal bureaucratic agency has the  most taxpayer-funded enforcement resources to burn. Congress is working  on legislation to establish a framework for how we classify specific  digital assets, as a security or a commodity, which will dictate the  regulator of jurisdiction.   Importantly, while Congress works to pass this necessary legislation,  my amendment will not prevent future bad actors like FTX from being  pursued and punished to the fullest extent of the law. The Department  of Justice, Treasury, and the Office of Foreign Asset Control all have  existing and sufficient authority to prosecute criminal acts of fraud,  abuse, tax, or sanctions evasion. Some would even argue that these  entities have done a better job of attacking fraud and criminal  activity in this space than Gary Gensler and the SEC.   This amendment is designed to send an important signal not just to  the SEC but to every regulatory entity in the Federal Government.  Congress will hold unelected bureaucrats accountable. SEC Chair Gensler  cannot continue to abuse the powers of his agency to fulfill a  political agenda of driving the new and promising digital asset  industry offshore. Congress must be allowed to finish its legislative  work so the future of digital asset innovation is determined by  Americans, not by unelected bureaucrats in December.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate our friend from Maryland and  his comments, and I do want to point out that he is absolutely correct.   The concerns here are bipartisan concerns. This is not a Republican  or Democrat issue. This is an issue about the digital asset space in  this country. The whole purpose of this amendment is to try and stop  what we----    Mr. Chairman, I urge support.   