 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I am pleased to offer this amendment  today with the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Hill) as a cosponsor, who  was here a minute ago. I am confident it will garner bipartisan  support.   My amendment would prohibit funds from this bill from being used to  support a shareholding increase for China at the International Monetary  Fund, the IMF.   The IMF is the world's lender of last resort and plays a critical  role in ensuring multilateral cooperation on a wide array of financial  matters.   As the IMF's largest shareholder, the U.S. is the only member to  wield a veto over important decisions at the Fund. This includes  decisions that change countries' shareholding weight at the  institution.   Across administrations, the U.S. has advocated for the IMF to support  fiscal responsibility among borrowers, responsible governance of  exchange rates, and transparency in sovereign lending. These principles  support global financial stability, but they have now been put at risk  by China's dictatorship.   Put simply, the emergence of China as the world's largest official  creditor has saddled countries around the world with opaque and onerous  debt that the IMF has been called upon to resolve. None of this lending  complies with international rules and norms like those established by  the Paris Club and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and  Development.   Although Chinese lending to developing countries has declined since  its heyday in 2016, it still racked up $79 billion in commitments  across the board in 2021. Much of this lending is shifting from  infrastructure to emergency lending. In other words, China itself is  adopting a role that the IMF has been traditionally playing.   Moreover, China's flouting of international lending standards mirrors  its nontransparent management of its domestic currency, the renminbi.  It is shocking, but undeniably true, that the IMF has limited insight  into the exchange rate regime of the world's second largest economy.  This is why my amendment is so important.   The IMF is finishing a review of its shareholding by the end of this  year. China continues to argue that its shares, referred to as a quota  at the Fund, don't accurately reflect its weight in the world economy.  It has pushed and will continue to push for a greater say on the board  of IMF.   My argument boils down to this: Shareholding at these institutions is  not about the size of a country's economy, but, rather, its commitment  to international rules and good-faith cooperation. As long as China  dismisses every principle of the IMF's foundation, we cannot reward it  with a stronger voice at the Fund. It would be absurd to increase its  shareholding weight at the IMF when it is refusing to restructure much  of its predatory lending to the Fund's borrowers.   The Treasury Department represents us at the Fund, and I am pleased  that it has conveyed Congress' skepticism toward a quota increase for  China. However, there is no formal agreement at the IMF yet. This  amendment will help ensure that boosting China's influence is off the  table. The amendment also sets a marker for future shareholding  reviews, where my colleagues on the Financial Services Committee and I  will insist on real accountability from Beijing.   China would have us believe that the U.S. threatens global  cooperation by denying it a more prominent seat at the table, but the  opposite is true. It is China's disregard for transparency making our  opposition to its influence at the IMF and other multilateral  organizations absolutely vital.   I would add that China's abuse of human rights at home, including its  genocide of the Uyghurs is yet another reason why legitimizing Beijing  at an international institution is unacceptable.   We must draw a line in the sand, which is what my amendment does. I  urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I would just argue that the Treasury  Department is in charge of various activities with regard to the  governance of  [[Page H5625]]  these boards, whether the World Bank, IMF, et cetera. These are  entities that we fund. We are on these boards, and these boards direct  funds that we have put in these entities. It is our job to make sure  that the Treasury Department does its job, which is to monitor this, be  on the boards, behave in a responsible fashion, and also to stop the  nonsense going on around the world with bad actors such as Iran and  this situation where I am talking about here with China.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time, as  well.   