 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 45.   Forty-three million Americans are eligible for President Biden's  student loan relief. That is an average of almost 100,000 people in  each of our districts.   Nearly 26 million borrowers in congressional districts all over the  country have already applied for relief, including 16 million who have  already been approved prior to litigation stopping the process. H.J.  Res. 45 seeks to deny these borrowers the relief they were promised.   To be clear, the people who would be impacted the most are not the  wealthy and well-connected. Ninety percent of the relief would go to  borrowers earning less than $75,000 a year. You are not even eligible  if you are making over $125,000 a year. That is in stark contrast, of  course, to the Trump tax scam, where 80 percent of the benefits went to  the top 1 percent and corporations.   Moreover, my Republican colleagues refuse to acknowledge the serious  questions that have been raised about how the resolution would actually  be implemented because, under the Congressional Review Act resolution,  you don't get to pick and choose which parts of a rule you are  overturning. You have to overturn the whole rule, including the pause  in student loan payments and the deferral of interest.   How do you unpause a payment that you were supposed to make many  months ago? What is going to happen to all those interest payments that  now have to be added back to the loans? That is about $233 per month in  interest and principal.   What happens to the credits that participants in the Public Service  Loan Forgiveness Program were promised during those months? Are these  firefighters, teachers, police officers, and other public servants who  may have had their loans forgiven now on the hook for four additional  payments?   The reality is that H.J. Res. 45 would trigger a wave of  delinquencies and defaults for our most vulnerable borrowers.  Intentionally or not, this resolution would create chaos for borrowers  and their families, as well as loan servicers.   The Congressional Research Service has confirmed that this chaos  would be triggered by the retroactive application of this rule.   Mr. Speaker, anyone in the country who wants to take advantage of the  benefits of a college education should be able to do so, not just the  wealthy few. That is the way it used to be just several decades ago.  Pell grants covered 80 percent of the cost of attending a State  college. Now, it is less than 30 percent. When adjusted for inflation,  States are paying less for State colleges than they used to.   Mr. Speaker, this proposal does nothing to help students pay for  their college education, so I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose the  resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from  Virginia that over 90,000 borrowers in his district will be denied  relief if this resolution is enacted.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina  (Mr. Clyburn), the assistant Democratic leader for the U.S. House of  Representatives.    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from  Michigan that over 90,000 borrowers in his district will be denied  relief if this resolution is enacted.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms.  Bonamici).    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from  Georgia that over 110,000 borrowers from his district would be denied  relief if this resolution is enacted.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Takano), the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs.    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from  Florida that almost 120,000 borrowers from his district will be denied  relief if this resolution is enacted.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina  (Ms. Adams), the ranking member of the Workforce Protections  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds  to the gentlewoman from North Carolina.    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from  Illinois that over 75,000 borrowers from her district will be denied  debt relief if this resolution is enacted.   Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Garcia).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Illinois (Mr. Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from  Tennessee that 89,000 borrowers from his district will be denied relief  if this resolution is enacted.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington  (Ms. Jayapal), a member of the Education and Workforce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague from Texas  that over 88,000 borrowers from his district will be denied relief if  this resolution is enacted.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms.  Tlaib).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time  is remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Frost).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Kamlager-Dove).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. Pressley).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds  to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I  yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, there are many challenges we have in higher education  that demand our attention: the rising costs of higher education, the  student debt crisis, the eroded value of the Pell grant, and mental  health issues. The list goes on.   Instead of addressing these challenges, we are trying to force  through a resolution that hurts tens of millions of student borrowers  and their families, an average of almost 100,000 in each of our  districts.   Many of my colleagues on the other side have justified this  resolution by arguing that we can't afford it, but it is just a matter  of priorities.   Congressional Republicans are willing to charge taxpayers more than  twice as much for a tax package where 80 percent of the benefits were  scheduled to go to the top 1 percent and corporations, but now they are  unwilling to invest half that amount to help student borrowers pay for  their education.   We should be passing proposals that meaningfully support borrowers  and make college more affordable for current and future borrowers.   The bottom line is that it is our responsibility to strengthen the  support for those seeking a college degree because those who want a  college degree should be able to access that opportunity. That  opportunity should not be reserved for just the wealthy few.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose H.J. Res. 45, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   