 Thank you, Dennis, for giving us that overview of the  Congressional Study Groups. I have been asked to elaborate a little bit  on that with specific details, but first, Pete has asked me to give a  quick tutorial for our Irish friends. We are glad you are here.   This is really sacred ground for us and Members of Congress. This is  the House Chamber. It is sort of like church, how you go back to the  same pews. Over here on this side is where the Democrats normally sit.  You have heard the expression ``side of the aisle.'' That is the aisle.  Republicans normally sit over here.   It is really an opportunity, since we don't have specific chairs, to  interact, to go talk with somebody about a bill that may be coming up.   Of course, here, where Barbara is, is where the Speaker would sit,  but the Speaker really doesn't come in very often. Normally, it is a  Speaker pro tempore. Next to her is the Parliamentarian to make sure  that the Speaker doesn't get in trouble, and then Susan Cole is the  Reading Clerk. There is a variety of other clerks down here. They are  all part of the family and all make sure that things work well.   When bills come before the Congress, you will see these tables behind  us where there are microphones. What happens is we have a Rules  Committee. The Rules Committee will say, okay, we are going to have a  certain bill that Fred brought out of the Energy and Commerce  Committee. It is going to have 4 hours of debate, equally divided  between the Democrats and Republicans.   Fred would be here as chairman of that committee, and the Democratic  ranking member would be over on the other side. ``Ranking member''  means the senior member of the minority party. They then would yield to  folks as they go through the debate.   As a practical matter, there are not that many Members who are here  during all of the debate because they can watch it on C-SPAN. When the  bells start ringing, they know that they have 15 minutes to get here to  vote.   When you come in to vote, you have an ID card like that. If you look  on the back of some of these chairs, that is where we put in our ID for  votes. This wallpaper will come up, and you can see how everybody votes  up here. Above each door, it is like a basketball scoreboard. You will  see the yeas and the nays, and we will have visitors.   This is a special place for all of us, and we are glad that you and  the spouses are here.   It really does become a family here. It is spouses, our staff, and  our clerks. We all work together to try to make this thing work.   Dennis gave you a good overview of the study groups. I am going to  tell you a little more about it. Pete may give you a test, I am not  sure, after this, but this year the FMC's Congressional Study Groups  are celebrating an impressive and significant set of milestones. Our  Congressional Study Group on Korea is celebrating its fifth  anniversary. Our Congressional Study Group on Europe is celebrating its  12th anniversary. Our Congressional Study Group on Japan is celebrating  its 30th anniversary. Our Congressional Study Group on Germany has been  active for 40 years.  [[Page H2899]]    At their core, each study group engages an active cadre of  Congresswomen and Congressmen dedicated to ensure productive dialogue  between the prime decisionmakers in the United States Congress and our  closest allies abroad.   This meaningful dialogue among elected parliamentarians, however,  doesn't succeed in a vacuum. It is my pleasure to showcase a few  takeaways of our past programming year that highlight the diversity of  the Congressional Study Groups' programming.   The Congressional Study Groups' engagement has grown from beyond just  including lawmakers in Washington to the active engagement of Members  of Congress and their senior staff. It is complemented and synergized  with discussions and events that draw from key voices in the executive  branch, the diplomatic community, the private sector, and civil  society.   Over the past year, our study groups had a chance to welcome new  Ambassadors upon their arrival to Washington, featured Foreign  Ministers upon visiting the United States, hosted CEOs and chairmen of  the world's largest corporations, and engaged expert pollsters and  journalists.   Congressional Study Groups gave current Members of Congress and  senior congressional staff the chance to hear firsthand from our  friends in Berlin, Tokyo, and Seoul about issues facing not just their  nations but the everyday citizens of our closest allies.   Far more than just a few exchanges with policy experts, each visit is  designed to ensure our programming has a reach far beyond our capital  cities. Delegations met with student groups, representatives of the  media, cultural and historical experts, and policy experts, all to give  a comprehensive and representative impression of the bilateral  relationship with the United States.    It bears repeating that all of our work through the Congressional  Study Groups is completely bipartisan. Our delegations are always an  equal mix of current Members or senior congressional staff from each  side of the political aisle. As you all know, there is great value in  creating opportunities for Members and staff to build relationships  that transcend party labels.   While the Congressional Study Groups aim to chiefly strengthen  relationships with our allies overseas, they also are a great resource  for our current Members seeking to build collegiality and trust with  Members of the other party.   Whether sending delegations abroad or hosting visiting delegations  from overseas here in the United States, our mission remains the same:  constructive, productive dialogue that informs, educates, and yields  pragmatic solutions.   In addition to our many U.S. delegations traveling abroad, the study  groups brought decisionmakers from Germany to Texas, Louisiana, and  Pennsylvania this past year to more deeply understand the issues that  shape and inform American public opinion and the average voter.   A further delegation of Japanese parliamentarians will visit Texas  this September, and maybe they can figure out what is going on in  Texas.   In the spirit of furthering this dialogue among our friends and  allies, FMC's Diplomatic Advisory Council continues to provide a form  of high-level, candid dialogue among our partners abroad. This close  group of dedicated diplomatic representatives based here in Washington  grew in the past year to include 12 new Ambassadors. We now count 27 of  the highest diplomatic representatives among this roster.   As a matter of fact, I am going to the Irish Ambassador's residence  next week as they say good-bye to the German Ambassador. She has been a  good friend of our group.   Furthermore, Ambassadors from Greece, Finland, the European Union,  the Republic of Korea, and Japan have hosted over 30 individual Members  of Congress through the council programs.   Let me conclude--and I am sure you are glad to hear that--with one  important point. You all have heard over the past few years how  supportive FMC is of the work of the Select Committee on the  Modernization of Congress. This committee, which is now a standing  subcommittee of the House Administration Committee, identified several  ways to strengthen bipartisanship and stronger ties among current  Members of Congress. Among these recommendations aimed at civility and  bipartisanship, the committee recommended the support and encouragement  of bipartisan congressional delegation travels overseas, which is the  work of Congressional Study Groups.   I strongly encourage you as former Members to help educate the public  about the importance of these types of experiences.   FMC plays an incredible role through these study groups. All of us  can play an equally important role by sharing our insights about this  work that is so important to the Nation.   Let me close with a bit of a historical note. As Lincoln Davis, my  friend and neighbor from Tennessee, knows, Davy Crockett was a Member  of Congress from Tennessee. He represented a portion of the old  district that I had. He was the only Member of the Tennessee  congressional delegation who voted against the Indian Removal Act. They  were going to move them out somewhere. Because of that, he was defeated  in his next election.   He came and stood right where I am standing on the House floor. His  last speech to the United States Congress was: I told my constituents  that I would serve them to the best of my ability, and I did. So to  hell with them. I am going to Texas.   