 Mr. President, I want to talk briefly to the Senate  today about two issues. With respect to the first issue, I suppose I am  talking to my people back in Louisiana as much as I am talking to my  colleagues in the U.S. Senate.   This is New Orleans. This is the Mississippi River, which, as you  know, runs through New Orleans. Much of southeast Louisiana, including  but not limited to the city of New Orleans, gets its drinking water  from the Mississippi River. Of course, the Mississippi River is  freshwater, and the Mississippi River is long, wide, and mighty.   The Mississippi River's source is the northern part of our State. It  drains a number of other rivers. This is the southern portion of the  Mississippi River. In New Orleans, it kind of meanders around and  shifts to the east before it hits south again into the Gulf of Mexico,  which is, of course, saltwater.   You probably never thought about this, Mr. President. Perhaps you  have. Most people haven't. Why doesn't saltwater--the Mississippi River  runs into the gulf, which is saltwater, and the gulf is a big area. Why  doesn't saltwater from the Gulf of Mexico flow up the Mississippi  River? That would be a good question.   The reason is pretty simple. As I said, the Mississippi River is  long, big, wide, and mighty, and it drains a good portion of the United  States. When the Mississippi River is at normal levels, it flows very,  very quickly and fast, and it keeps the saltwater down here in the Gulf  of Mexico at bay.   But sometimes the Mississippi River gets low, and it flows less  swiftly, and that is the situation right now. When that happens--it has  happened I think five times in the last three centuries--sometimes  saltwater actually comes up from the gulf into the Mississippi River,  which is a problem for my people in southeast Louisiana, including but  not limited to New Orleans, because they rely on the Mississippi River  for their drinking water because it is freshwater.   This red line represents the saltwater intrusion. Saltwater is  creeping up the Mississippi River just like a thermometer. We know,  based on historical evidence, that it is not likely to go all the way  up the Mississippi River, but that doesn't solve our problem in  Louisiana because we depend on the Mississippi River for drinking  water. If it gets far enough up the Mississippi River--``it'' meaning  the saltwater--then we have a real problem in southeast Louisiana.   As I say, in the last 25 years, this has happened four times--in  1999, 2002, 2022, and it is happening this year as we speak. I think  the time that it happened before was in 1888, if I recall correctly.   I am an optimist who worries. I am worried about this because about 1  million of my 4.6 million people in my State depend on this river for  drinking water, and we are in the middle of watching the saltwater come  up the river, and we don't think it is going to stop coming up the  river until sometime around, I don't know, the end of October maybe. We  could be wrong.   But I want the Senate and I want my people to understand that their  local, their State, and their Federal governments are dealing with this  problem.   First, I want to thank President Biden. President Biden declared a  disaster declaration, which allows us to get the assistance of FEMA,  and I am very, very grateful for that.   No. 2, our Corps of Engineers is involved. They are very able people.  Our Corps of Engineers, below the city of New Orleans, has built an  underwater dam. That is what it looks like. It is like a dam. They call  it a sill. I call it a dam or a levee. It is under the water. It is  down below New Orleans.   Well, why in the world would the Corps of Engineers do that? Because  saltwater is heavier than freshwater and when the saltwater comes up  the Mississippi River, it is not coming at the top; it is coming at the  bottom.   And the Corps of Engineers in a place called Myrtle Grove below New  Orleans--by the way, Myrtle Grove is also known for its great fishing,  wonderful fishing, and really good people. But at the area in the river  next to Myrtle Grove, the corps is coming in, and they built an  underwater dam.   Now, that is not going to stop all the saltwater. It is just going to  slow it down and stop some of it. So some of the saltwater, despite  this dam, is still flowing north, headed toward New Orleans. The corps  is talking about, if necessary, adding an additional 25 feet to the  underwater dam.   Right now, the underwater dam is about 55 feet. We add another 25  feet. The river at that level or at this point is about 90 feet. And  they are leaving a hole in the dam, in case you were wondering, for  ships to come through.   No. 3, the Corps of Engineers and FEMA are both prepared, if  necessary, to deliver us freshwater, if we need it, by barge. And if  you ever wonder about the might of the Federal Government and  particularly our Corps of Engineers--again, I can't thank them enough-- they can deliver up to 36 million gallons of freshwater a day. So thank  you, Corps of Engineers, and I want my people back home to know that,  so they won't be worried.   Also, looking on the bright side--put that back up for me will you,  Henson--by the way, Mr. President, with me today are two of my  colleagues from my office, Mr. Henson Webre and Mr. Christian Amy. I  want to thank them for their help.   Again, this is New Orleans. Here is the saltwater creeping up. Not  everybody in New Orleans and in the New Orleans area and Southeast  Louisiana gets their water from the Mississippi River. Some people have  well water. So that is a plus.   Some facilities in New Orleans have also started installing what is  called reverse osmosis filtration machines to take the saltwater out of  the freshwater. And we in government stand ready and willing to advise  facilities of the right to do that.   The other thing we are talking about doing--we are trying to not do  this except as a last resort because it is so expensive--as you see  here, the red is the saltwater; the blue is the freshwater. Folks who  live down here by the saltwater and can't get water out of the  Mississippi because it is too salty, we are thinking about building  pipelines this direction, going north sort of along the river to get  freshwater from a point in the river further up north and take it  through those pipelines down south where we need it.   Now, that is expensive. It is being looked at by local governments,  being looked at by the State government. We are in discussions with the  Federal Government about it. It will be a last resort because it is so  expensive, and I hope that the saltwater intrusion can stop. We can  stop it.   Frankly, what is causing this is we are having a drought, and there  is not enough water in the Mississippi River. If we could get a little  rain up north, that will add to the volume of the river, and it will  flow more quickly, and it will push that saltwater out.   The final thing, I want my people to understand what we are doing.  This is Southeast Louisiana. It is sort of the toe of the boot. Further  up here in Louisiana, we have built a minidam. We call it the Old River  Control structure on the Mississippi River, and we divert some of the  water out of the Mississippi River into another river in Louisiana  called the Atchafalaya River.   In fact, we do that pursuant to a statute passed by Congress which  says that 70 percent of the water at this point, which is way up here,  has to be diverted--or kept in the Mississippi River, but 30 percent is  diverted further west to the Atchafalaya River.   Why do we do that? Because the corps decided years and years and  years ago, that river at that point is so strong and so mighty and  moving so quickly and so swiftly and that if we did not divert some of  that water, the Mississippi would change course and, instead of flowing  through Baton Rouge and New Orleans, it would change course and flow  this way to the gulf. So years ago, the corps said, We need to take  some water out.   The corps is thinking about opening that dam up, if necessary, at the  Old River Control structure and putting some of that water back into  the Mississippi River that it is diverting right now to increase the  flow of the river, which will, of course, push the saltwater back out.   So I appreciate, Mr. President, the Senate's patience in allowing me  to explain this. As I say, I want to thank President Biden for his  declaration. I  [[Page S4933]]  want to thank FEMA. I want to thank the Corps of Engineers.   I don't want my people to worry. Your folks in government have  pounced on this issue like a ninja, and I am not saying we have it  solved, but we are doing everything we can to get us through this.   