 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  recognized for 3 minutes.    Madam President, last summer this body delivered on a  promise to our toxic-exposed veterans. We passed a bill called the SFC  Heath Robinson Honoring Our PACT Act.   With a historic number of veterans newly eligible for long-overdue  benefits, the VA needs a steady, accountable hand to lead VA benefits  and its more than 25,000 employees in delivering quality, timely  benefits now more than ever.   About an hour and a half ago, we confirmed a person by the name of  Josh Jacobs. He is that person who is going to be heading up VA  benefits. He is that person with the steady hand. I am glad that this  body came together in a bipartisan way to make him the permanent leader  of the VBA.   The fact is, having a permanent leader in this role ensures that we  can hold the VA accountable to their job, and that is critically  important. I can't be prouder of this body to tell you that we have a  person who not only understands benefits but has worked in this  capacity for the past several months.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I want to thank you for the recognition.   I would like to speak for 4 minutes, max.    Madam President, I want to thank the body for this.   So we had a chance to do the right thing here, folks. We did the  right thing with Josh Jacobs and veterans' benefits. Now we have the  opportunity to pass the Elizabeth Dole Veterans Programs Improvement  Act of 2023.   This legislative package includes five veterans bills that were  considered and unanimously approved by the Senate Veterans' Affairs  Committee back in February and delivers on many of our longstanding  priorities for our veterans and leading veterans services  organizations. I am going to tell you what it does, and then I am going  to talk about something specifically.   It expands home- and community-based support for aging and disabled  veterans--home- and community-based support.   Among other provisions, it also helps Native Americans and Alaskan  Native veterans achieve homeownership by lowering interest rates on VA  Native American direct loans and reforming this program so it can work  for our veterans--particularly, our Native veterans.   The part that I understand that is controversial is that it directs  the VA to explore medical cannabis as an alternative treatment for  veterans experiencing chronic pain and symptoms of PTSD.   Why? So that we--but more, importantly, the veterans--have a better  understanding of the role medicinal cannabis plays in treating the  wounds of war.   The jury is still out on this. This adds a 2-year retrospective study  that will take place prior to the VA's beginning clinical trials  outlined in this legislation. It grants the Secretary of the VA  authority to cancel clinical trials should the VA deem them to be  unsafe, based on that retrospective study that I just talked about. It  allows the Secretary the authority to cancel trials in the event that  it is determined that the trials were exposing participants to  excessive risk.   Quite frankly, as I said in my opening, it allows veterans the access  to relevant information to make informed decisions about their own  health and will shine light on an understudied topic, which is already  being used by our veterans nationwide.   So the real question here is, Do I want our veterans to understand  the benefits or possibly the nonbenefits of medicinal marijuana or do  we want to leave them out in the cold, not understanding what is going  on?   The truth is, we all understand the impact opioids have had on this  country, and if, in fact, it shows that medical marijuana or marijuana  can have impacts that help people in chronic pain, we should know that  information so we can pass it along to the veterans. It is as simple as  that. The rest of these bills are absolute no-brainers, and I will tell  you, I think the cannabis portion of this bill is a no-brainer.   Today, it is time to put political differences aside and do what is  right for our veterans.   Look, don't let the haircut fool you--I did not serve in the  military. I don't use marijuana. But the truth is, those people who  think it works for them, they ought to know, and that is what this bill  does.   I would encourage a vote for cloture on this bill. It is a good bill.  It is a bill that the veterans service organizations have fought for  and want to see happen.   I yield the floor.   