 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and  colleague, Congressman Bishop, for his courtesy and for leading this  Special Order hour.   We are here to honor the former First Lady of both Georgia and the  United States, Rosalynn Carter.   She was a great lady, an outstanding Georgian, a Navy spouse, and a  distinguished humanitarian who dedicated her life to bettering her  country and her community.   The Carter name is synonymous with a faith in and love for Jesus  Christ, and anybody in our part of the State--I lived about an hour  from them--who knows the Carter family knows their legacy is that they  continued to teach and be active in their church, and they were just  wonderful people. They loved Georgia, they loved the United States of  America, and specifically they loved rural Georgia and south Georgia.   She would have been very proud to know that all five of the First  Ladies were there to show respect to her at her memorial service in a  bipartisan manner.   She was born and raised in Plains, Georgia. She attended Georgia  Southwestern College before she married the beloved farmer, Georgia  Governor, and President Jimmy Carter. What you might not know is that  she was first attracted to President Carter when she saw him in his  naval uniform, as he was a graduate of the Naval Academy.   She was his equivalent in every way when they served together,  whether it was as First Lady of our great State from 1971 to 1975 or as  First Lady of the United States of America.   She was a long-term advocate of mental health in Georgia, aiming to  increase mental health services and to stop the stigma that surrounds  mental illness. She was appointed to serve on the Governor's Commission  to Improve Services for the Mentally and Emotionally Handicapped. She  volunteered at the Georgia Regional Hospital in Atlanta and was an  honorary chairperson for the Georgia Special Olympics.   After her husband became President of the United States in 1977, it  was Mrs. Carter who elevated the role of the First Lady for generations  to come by continuing to work to improve mental health services across  the United States. She actually sat in on Cabinet meetings. If I am not  mistaken, she was the first of the First Ladies to sit in on Cabinet  meetings.  [[Page H6135]]    During her time in the White House, mental health care was one of her  priorities to increase government assistance to the mentally ill. She  later became an honorary chair of the President's Commission on Mental  Health.   After leaving the White House, she cofounded The Carter Center  alongside her husband in 1982 to advocate for democracy and peace  across the globe and established mental health programs to collaborate  on mental health policy. Her passion for mental health advocacy  encouraged her to create the Rosalynn Carter Institute for Caregivers,  which addresses issues in caregiving not just in the United States, but  internationally.   She was also the sponsor of the USS Jimmy Carter, one of the most  distinguished submarines in the history of the United States Navy. A  sponsor is named by the Secretary of the Navy, and the sponsor's role  is an important one. Mrs. Carter participated in many of the milestones  in the life of her ship, including smashing the bottle against the bow  of the submarine and bestowing its name in 2004. The following year,  the USS Jimmy Carter was commissioned and entered the fleet after she  said in her role as sponsor: ``Man our ship and bring her to life.''   Rosalynn Carter's dedication to public service made her an  inspiration to everyone. Our Nation is thankful for her grace and  bipartisanship as First Lady.   Our prayers are with President Jimmy Carter and the Carter family.  May we continue to carry her patriotic legacy as we serve the people of  our Nation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague, Congressman Bishop, for  leading this hour, and I thank the Carter family for their service to  this country.   