 Mr. President, unless something significant changes, 35  hours from now, the Federal Government will shut down. At 12:01 a.m. on  Sunday, the paychecks will stop for every soldier, every sailor, every  airman, every marine, every member of the Space Force, and every  coastguardsman. That is not right.   The good news is, we can prevent it. We can prevent it right now. The  bill Senator Sullivan and I are trying to pass says that at 12:01 a.m.,  our Active-Duty military will be paid; that if Washington is  dysfunctional, if politicians will bicker throughout the night, that is  not their fault, and we are not going to hold them hostage to the  partisan demands of politicians.   Right now at home, there are people watching this debate on C-SPAN,  and they may be wondering: When did the Senate get this dysfunctional?  Did this institution ever operate?   Senator Sullivan pointed to a time when it at least operated a little  better than it does now.   In 2013, this identical legislation was before the Senate. There was  a Democrat majority. Harry Reid was the majority leader. This identical  legislation passed 100 to nothing, and it passed unanimously in the  House.   In 2013, Senate Democrats realized: Fine, we will have a fight, but  we are not holding our Active-Duty military hostage.   In 2013, Senator Durbin, who is sitting on the floor, voted yes to  fund our military. In 2013, Senator Whitehouse, who is sitting on the  floor, voted yes to fund our military. In 2013, Senator Murray, who I  believe is getting ready to stand up and block this bill, in 2013, she  voted yes to fund our military. Have we really gone that far in a  decade that Democrats now are perfectly happy to take away the  paychecks from the young men and women who are risking their lives to  keep us safe?   The Presiding Officer spent years in the Active-Duty military. The  Presiding Officer is a proud Navy veteran. The Presiding Officer knows  men and women who are serving right now in Active Duty, and I feel  quite confident the Presiding Officer doesn't want to go home and look  them in the eyes and say: It was my party, the Democratic Party, that  took your paycheck away.   Well, it doesn't have to happen.   Everyone at home, I want you to listen to what is going to happen in  a moment, because there are two magic words. If you hear two magic  words from the Senator from Washington--``I object''--if you hear those  words, understand what will have happened. It is the same thing that  happened just a couple of days ago, which is that Democrat leadership  said to our Active-Duty military: We don't give a damn about you, and  we are going to cut off your paycheck Sunday at 12:01 a.m.   That doesn't have to happen.   By the way, I would point out not only is it the fault of every  Democrat--and I am sorry, Mr. President--it is the fault of every  Democrat because there are no Democrats here supporting us. The  Presiding Officer, in his heart, knows we are right, so I am going to  invite the Presiding Officer, when we do this again--because we are  going to keep doing it and keep doing it. I would invite the Presiding  Officer to come join us because the Presiding Officer knows this is the  right thing to do. And there are more of your colleagues on the  Democrat side who know this is the right thing to do.    Some 19-year-old marine right now in the DMZ facing North Korean  machineguns is being told that the U.S. Senate doesn't care enough  about his or her service to pay them. That is just wrong. It is stupid.   And this body used to know enough to say: Hey, we have political  disagreements here, but we support our troops.   I guarantee you, every Democrat Senator in this Chamber goes home and  tells your constituents: I support the troops.   You know what? Talk is cheap. If you support the troops, stand up  next to us and say: Let's pay the troops.   And by the way, if you support the troops, go to your leadership and  say: Stop this garbage.   Was Harry Reid a rightwing kook? Because Harry Reid signed off on  paying the troops. And I will tell you why today's Democrat leadership  believes they can get away with it--because in 2013, we had something  of a functioning media. They actually reported on what was happening.  If you look up in the Gallery, there are a total of zero reporters  there. There is not one.   The corrupt corporate media doesn't intend to tell the citizens of  Washington State or the citizens of Illinois or the citizens of Rhode  Island or the citizens of Arizona--they don't intend to tell them: Your  Democrat Senator is why Active-Duty military isn't being paid.   So every reporter yesterday--I had reporters running after me, going:  Oh,  [[Page S4810]]  isn't this Republican shutdown terrible?   And I said: Those are great talking points. Have you written a single  story about the fact that the reason our military is not going to be  paid is because Democrat leadership is objecting?   No. Because none of them have written that story. Every one of you  knows what the right thing to do is. And so my hope is there is a tiny,  still voice inside of some Democrat Senators that will stand up and go  to your leadership and say: We can fight all day long on partisan  issues, but we are not going to take our troops hostage.   That is the right thing to do, and every Member of this body knows  it.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, at the opening of her remarks, the Senator  from Washington said: I agree with the objective of this bill; I agree  with what Senator Sullivan and Senator Cruz are trying to accomplish.  Then she talked for a while, and then she  [[Page S4811]]  blocked the entirety of the bill. Everything in between, saying, ``I  agree with this bill,'' and the two magic words at the end of her  remarks, ``I object,'' I have to admit brought me back to Saturday  morning cartoons and watching ``Peanuts'' and the teacher going: ``Wah  wah wah wah'' because they were words, but they didn't mean anything.   This is a binary choice. At 12:01 a.m. on Sunday, are soldiers going  to get paid, yes or no? Are sailors going to get paid, yes or no? Are  airmen going to get paid, yes or no? Are marines going to get paid, yes  or no? Are members of the Space Force going to get paid, yes or no? Are  coastguardsmen going to get paid, yes or no?   A decade ago, every Member of this body voted to pay them. Since this  debate began, the Presiding Officer had been Senator Kelly and has now  been replaced by Senator Murphy from Connecticut. I would point out,  Senator Murphy voted yes to pay our Active-Duty military in 2013. And  yet now the Democrats are blocking those paychecks.   The Senator from Washington said: Well, gosh, the Democrats had a CR  that you could have voted for. The Senator from Washington knows fully  well that the bill drafted by Democrat leadership is not going to pass  the House of Representatives. She knows that. The result is going to be  a shutdown. And what has changed from 2013 to now? From to 2013 to now,  the Democrat leadership is perfectly willing to hold a young man or  woman in the military--to hold their paychecks hostage.   Well, something interesting is going to happen at 12:01 a.m., 35  hours from now. Paychecks of every Federal employee will stop. The  paychecks of the stenographer who is recording my words will stop. The  paychecks of the clerks sitting down front will stop.   But, you know what, Mr. President? There are 535 people whose  paychecks will not stop. Under the Constitution, Members of this body,  Senators and Members of the House, their paychecks can't stop even  during a shutdown, which means at 12:01 a.m. on Sunday, every Democrat  Senator will keep drawing their paycheck, while the people risking  their lives to defend us will not.   Well, I will tell you, I have in writing instructed the Senate that I  will not accept a paycheck so long as our Active-Duty military is not  being paid.   It is wrong. Senators are paid $174,000 a year, by law. The Democrat  leadership, who stands up and says, ``I object,'' is telling a 19-year- old woman in a nuclear sub right now, defending our Nation, that her  paycheck doesn't matter anymore.   There is, right now, a mom in tennis shoes serving in the military  who is discovering that her mortgage payment--she doesn't know how to  pay.   And so I am going to suggest to the reporters who aren't here and  aren't covering this that so long as Democrat leadership keeps blocking  what has been bipartisan and unanimous legislation previously, that  every Democrat Senator ought to be asked: Are you taking a paycheck  come 12:01 a.m. on Sunday? They are the ones objecting. They are the  ones stopping. Every soldier needs to understand: Why are you not being  paid? Because the Democrat objected. Every sailor needs to understand:  Because the Democrats objected. Every airman, marine, coastguardsman,  every member of the Space Force, when your paycheck goes away 35 hours  from now, it is because of two magic words the Democrat leadership has  said. Let's be clear, it is not just the Senator from Washington. She  is doing it on instruction from the Democrat leadership. They could  change it like that.    I can tell you this. Senator Sullivan and I are going to keep coming  back over and over again because there is not a Member of this body who  wants to go home to your State--even a State like Connecticut. You  don't want to be at home looking at Active-Duty military and saying:  Yes, my party took away your paycheck. That is too cynical even for  this body. I pray that common sense comes back.   I yield the floor.   