 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I don't do a lot of these, but when Congressman Bishop  asked me to come to be recognized and talk about Rosalynn Carter, I had  no choice but to say yes. She was a marvelous woman, a marvelous human  being, and a great First Lady. She was the epitome of what a spouse  should be, what a mother should be, and what a grandmother should be.  She did live nearly a perfect life, from what we know. She was a giving  person and a caring person.   Rosalynn was very devoted to her religion, and there was not any  hypocrisy about her. She lived her life and took actions as the Bible  would have taught her to do. She cared about others, and she gave her  life to others.   The last time I saw Rosalynn was in Memphis when she was there with  her husband, I guess about 4 or 5 years ago, maybe a little more. They  were there for Habitat for Humanity, and they both got out in blue  jeans with their hammers and nails, building houses. She was with Jimmy  in all those things. She wanted to help people and give people a better  opportunity.   I have visited The Carter Center, and that is a great tribute to  their years in the White House and what they did to try to make a  better world, which we all should and they did. I had great regard for  her.   Last night, I was at the White House for the Christmas party, and it  was a marvelous event. Dr. Biden has done a great job in decorating the  White House in the way that it should be for people who see the beauty  and the wonder of Christmas.   One of the portraits I saw when I walked in was of Rosalynn Carter.  It was in the hallway when you walk in, and I had to stop to look at it  on the way going in and on the way coming out and made a point to go  over and look at the name of the artist who painted the portrait. It  looked exactly like this, but that is what Rosalynn Carter looked like.  I thought she was just the perfect expression of love and simplicity,  and she belonged there. She belonged there so much.   I appreciate what she gave to our country and Jimmy Carter, too. I  can mention Jimmy Carter. I did once have an opportunity on a flight  from Atlanta to D.C.--a Delta flight, of course--to have Jimmy Carter  on my flight. He got up and walked through. He shook hands with me, and  I thought: ``Wow, that is pretty cool. The President is shaking hands  with me.'' Then I turned around and noticed he shook hands with every  single person on the airplane because he wanted everybody to have the  opportunity to know they had shaken hands with a President of the  United States.   That is the way the Carters were. They wanted to share. They wanted  to recognize individuals and give them what they had received in life,  which are certain moments that they will never forget and will hold  dear.   I thank Rosalynn Carter for her life. I thank her for the service,  which I watched just about all of, and the wonderful expressions by her  children and grandchildren, and the rendition of ``Imagine'' by Trisha  Yearwood and Garth Brooks, which I think she would have appreciated. I  thank her for her life and for what she gave America.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Sanford Bishop for inviting me to participate  today.   