 Mr. Speaker, in just a few hours, the Biden  administration will end the enforcement of title 42. This  administration estimates that we could see 13,000 immigrant encounters  per day at the border.   So clearly, allowing title 42 to end with no plan to secure our  border is not only negligent, but it severely jeopardizes the national  security interests of our country.   But you see, the cataclysm facing our border is not just due to the  end of title 42, Mr. Speaker, but also to this administration's  complete abdication to do even the bare minimum to secure our southern  border.   It is negligence and incompetence, Mr. Speaker, with fatal  consequences. Instead, the administration has relinquished control to  the narco-terrorist cartels who now control the southern border of the  United States.   The Biden administration's policies are dangerous to our national  security, Mr. Speaker, but they have deadly consequences for Americans  and for immigrants alike.   Heck, even The New York Times has highlighted the fact that 90,000  unaccompanied minors are unaccounted for and, frankly, are possibly  being trafficked.   It is immoral, Mr. Speaker, that the Biden administration refuses to  take action to end human trafficking, stop the deadly influx of drugs  into the United States, confront the cartels, protect those minors that  are being trafficked, and enhance our outdated asylum process.   Those, by the way, who have legitimate claims, those folks are also  victims of this broken system.   However, today, this House has a solution to help take back control  of our border. H.R. 2, the Secure the Border Act, which I am so proud  to have sponsored with my colleague and friend, Mr. McClintock,  provides real solutions to restore order to the southern border,  strengthen our national security, enhance our broken immigration  system, and protect innocent minors while enforcing the rule of law,  the rule of law, Mr. Speaker.   So if you are concerned about our national security, or the safety of  our fellow Americans, and immigrants, the safety of our immigrants, or  the rule of law, I respectfully but, frankly, strongly urge you to vote  for this great bill, H.R. 2.   