 Mr. Chair, I appreciate the time from my great colleague  from Tennessee who works a lot on the important energy field, and it is  great to work with him.   Mr. Chair, I do rise today in support of the Energy and Water  Development Appropriations Act. This funding bill cuts billions of  needless spending from the Democrats' budget-busting spending bills of  the last Congress and continues prioritizing funding toward our  Nation's water infrastructure so desperately needed, especially in my  home State of California.   Stored water means water for people and for agriculture. It means  hydroelectricity can be generated, which is green power. It means flood  control. It means recreation, yes, even environmental water, which is  already getting the lion's share of the water we have in my home State.   Additionally, I am pleased to see H.R. 215, the WATER for California  Act is included in this legislation, which my colleague Representative  Valadao and I worked on with the entire Republican delegation from  California.   The WATER for California Act restores the basic principle of fairness  for water users in California by requiring the Bureau of Reclamation to  follow the terms of their water contracts and use the best available  science to operate the Central Valley project.   This would also eliminate the environmental blockade against using  water storage funds to move forward with the enlargement of Shasta Dam  in my district, an opportunity to store 630,000 new acre-feet at an  existing structure. That should be easy.   Lastly, this measure prohibits the administration from completely  changing all the rules, regulations, and procedures of the California  water system on a whim simply to satisfy the radical environmentalists,  much to the detriment of our farms and agriculture, and forcing urban  water users to have to ration water to the tune of 42 gallons of water  per day.   Imagine, you have got a wading pool for your kids or your pets or  whatever. It might take 3 days of your water ration to fill a wading  pool under what they have coming down the pike on rationing water and  limiting.   We have so much water flowing out to the Pacific through the Delta  that is being wasted. We have water right now being let out of the dams  in order to meet their conservation level for flood control later, that  should be put someplace that can be helpful such as the San Luis  Reservoir.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill and get  some common sense back into our water supply.   