 Mr. Speaker, Kevin McCarthy has earned this. Under Speaker  McCarthy's leadership, our House Republican majority has actually  defied all odds and overperformed expectations again and again and  again.   It all started with the Speaker's race when our Speaker, Kevin  McCarthy, showed the American people how he would never give up. It  carried over into the Speaker spearheading a Rules package to create  the most transparent, Member-driven legislative process that I have  ever seen since I have been here.   Since then, Speaker McCarthy's Republican majority has been  successful in bringing common sense back to our Nation's capital by  passing legislation to affirm a parents' right to be involved in their  child's education, bolster American energy production, fully fund  veterans' care and benefits, fight back against the regulatory state,  and continue delivering on our promise to rein in Democrats' reckless  spending by passing fiscally responsible appropriations bills.  [[Page H4972]]    We have also achieved historic conservative wins like passing the  strongest border security legislation in history, passing the first  Republican-only NDAA in history, and passing the first Republican-only  State and Foreign Operations appropriations bill.   So many Americans are better off because of Kevin McCarthy's  leadership: American families, jobs creators, entrepreneurs,  servicemembers, law enforcement officers, and the list goes on and on.  These are just a few of our House Republican majority successes.   Make no mistake, we need Kevin McCarthy to remain Speaker if we are  going to stay focused on our mission of delivering commonsense wins for  the American people. We have shown Americans what success looks like  when we come together as a team.   Now it is time for us to stand together stronger than ever so we can  get back to the work our majority was elected to do.   I am proud to support the Speaker as we continue championing  conservative priorities that will put our country on a better path. Mr.  Speaker, I thank Speaker McCarthy.   