 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in the past 2 months, the Chinese  Government has reminded the world just how an authoritarian communist  state operates.   In July, President Xi announced he had replaced the PRC's Foreign  Minister after the official hadn't been seen in public in a month.  Then, the senior official responsible for the PLA strategic missile  force, who hadn't been seen for even longer, was replaced. And then the  Chinese Defense Minister went missing for weeks before Beijing  announced he had been fired and detained for investigation. The purge  of senior leaders, growing economic volatility, bellicose foreign  policy--these are concerning developments in a country with a  reputation for repression at home and belligerence abroad.   China's neighbors and global powers alike are increasingly skeptical  of official economic and budget numbers from a dictatorship that  suppresses free speech, mocks the rule of law, and simply disappears  its senior leaders--and rightly so.   One thing has long been certain: The PRC is arming itself at an  alarming rate. Recent estimates suggest China spends close to $700  billion per year on defense. That is concerning for a number of  reasons. First, a much larger percentage of China's defense budget than  ours goes to modernization and capabilities. Further, since Chinese  geostrategic ambitions--for now at least--are focused primarily on  challenging the status quo in its immediate region, the PRC doesn't  face the resource constraints that the United  [[Page S4569]]  States does due to our global interests and power projection  requirements.   Beijing's decades-long modernization campaign has paid dividends for  the PRC. Just last week, the Wall Street Journal detailed the  significant progress China has made in testing and fielding hypersonic  weapons and how such efforts have outpaced those of our own country.  America also lags in shipbuilding. The infrastructure constraints that  keep us from building more ships, testing more hypersonic vehicles, and  training more pilots are well known. But the cold truth is that China,  which has a shipbuilding capacity more than 200 times that of the  United States, is set to reach 400 ships in 2 years, while the U.S.  Navy is aiming for 350 ships--listen to this--by 2045.   This is precisely why Senate Republicans, led by Senator Shelby and  Senator Wicker, pushed for an amendment to the 2021 Bipartisan  Infrastructure Framework to create a Defense Infrastructure Fund and  expand our capacity for testing, training, and production.  Unfortunately, the Democratic leader did not allow this amendment to  receive a vote.   For what it is worth, I appreciate the Pentagon's recent efforts to  catch up. For example, the Deputy Secretary of Defense recently  announced an initiative to dramatically accelerate production of  autonomous systems to help level the playing field with the PLA. Her  remarks were titled ``The Urgency to Innovate.'' But closing the gap  with China and outcompeting our biggest strategic adversary will  require more than innovation theater or speeches about revolutions in  military affairs. Real progress will require real investments in long- range strike capabilities, real expansion of our defense production  capacity, and real defense technology cooperation with our closest  allies that increasingly share our concerns about the PLA.   The conflict in Ukraine has finally motivated efforts in America,  Europe, and Asia to invest in our defense industrial bases, but if we  truly take competition with the PRC seriously, there is a lot more that  needs to be done. AUKUS, our technology-sharing partnership with  Australia and the United Kingdom, is a step in the right direction. In  fact, it will hopefully serve as a model for expanding defense  cooperation with other allies. But these efforts cannot come at the  expense of properly funding America's own requirements for crucial  systems like attack submarines.   The Department's interest in autonomous systems, hypersonic weapons,  and long-range fire is welcome, but the Pentagon needs to move at the  speed of relevance to field these capabilities as soon as possible, and  the Biden administration needs to stop sending Congress defense budget  requests that cut funding after inflation and start prioritizing  serious investments in the weapons that we actually need.   