 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would reduce the salary of  Victoria Nuland to $1. She is currently the Acting U.S. Deputy  Secretary of State and the Under Secretary of State for Political  Affairs.   Presidents have come and gone. Victoria Nuland remains at the State  Department. She last served in four administrations as a pillar of the  State Department. Normally, such a long period of service would be  marked with gratitude, so why propose to effectively remove her?   President Eisenhower cautioned us about people like Victoria Nuland  who would put their own interest at odds with America's interests.   We have come to call them endless wars or an ``America Last'' foreign  policy, but Eisenhower called it the ``military-industrial complex.''   She is exhibit A on how America could actually get in fewer wars if  we cleaned house at the State Department and had a more focused foreign  policy.   Officially, the State Department is supposed to promote America's  interests. If anyone at the State Department has represented the  neoconservative consensus that has left America less free, less safe,  and more burdened by debt over this last generation, it is Secretary  Nuland.   She hangs the American people out to dry while escalating tensions  and pushing through regime change everywhere she can find an  opportunity.   From 2003 to 2005, Nuland served as the principal deputy foreign  policy adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney. She championed the Iraq  war and created the case for regime change and nation-building, though  the official threat was weapons of mass destruction and ties to  terrorism.   From 2005 to 2008, during President Bush's second term, Nuland served  as U.S. Ambassador to NATO where she concentrated on strengthening  allied support for NATO intervention in Iraq, dramatically expanding  the scope of NATO.   In 2011, Nuland became the State Department's spokesperson under  Hillary Clinton. Yet again, she cheered for another regime change, this  time in Libya. Her campaign led to toppling the government, the murder  of Muammar Gaddafi and an enormous and ongoing refugee crisis, frankly  one that continues out of Iraq, as well.   Similar to the effects in Iraq, this intervention turned a once- stable Libya into a failed terrorist state.   What was Nuland and the uniparty's response?   Well, in the words of Hillary Clinton, ``We came. We saw. He died.''  They left out the part about chaos and instability.   Rather than a solution to create and promote peace, they have  promoted chaos and disorder. Immediately after, her newest narrative to  justify, a regime change in Syria began. We still have U.S. troops in  Syria, though that is a more effective way to fight ISIS than the way  we fought for nation-building in Iraq.   In 2013, Nuland was sworn in as Assistant Secretary of State for  European and Eurasian Affairs. While she couldn't get brigades of armor  deployed to Syria like she did in Iraq, she swiftly started  destabilizing things in Ukraine. She used this position to meddle in  Ukraine's elections, manage violent protests on the ground, facilitate  a coup, and in addition, she began to campaign for NATO expansion.   In 2017, Nuland played an active role in spreading actual  disinformation via the Steele dossier, whose claims had no factual  basis.   Nuland has never been held responsible for any of these actions.  Instead she has been elevated as the face of Washington's uniparty  foreign policy agenda. Wherever she goes, war follows.   Sadly, those wars have been in conflict with America's national  security interest. She spent her time in the Biden administration as an  avid supporter for regime change in Russia. In addition, she has been  vocal about her desire to transform NATO into an offensive treaty that  projects power around the world.   Her actions have yielded disastrous results for the American people,  and it is far beyond time that she is held accountable. This amendment  is a great place to start.   I urge my colleagues to support it, and I urge the Biden  administration to part ways with Secretary Nuland.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate my colleague's comments.   Frankly, I hope that is the message that is received. If you came to  serve the United States Government to advance your own interests  instead of the Nation's, I hope you choose not to go into the Foreign  Service.   That is exactly the message I want to send to Victoria Nuland and  everyone else in the State Department.   Frankly, I hope we go far beyond this and eliminate whole sections  and floors of the current staff there. This amendment is a start, not a  finish line.   Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support the amendment, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   