 Thank you, Mr. President, and thank you, Chairman  Reed.   We are joined on the Senate floor today in sorrow for a person who  meant a lot to both of us.   One of life's profound joys is when you encounter people who are  unforgettable, and in the case of Brother Michael, he was unforgettably  kind.   He started out as a schoolteacher, always was interested in kids. He  went to work in an incarcerative in-house juvenile facility and I think  there developed his love for kids who were on the margins, kids who  were involved with the justice system, kids who were facing  difficulties in their lives, to try to make sure that he could help  turn them to a more constructive path.   It was with that spirit that he came to the ACI, the Adult  Correctional Institute, in Rhode Island, a formidable building in  which--this is when I first met him--in which he was a figure of unique  kindliness. There was really almost nothing that you could do that  could cause Brother Michael to turn his back on you, and that came  through to people so well.   When he started Ocean Tides, he went to the kids whom he could find  who often didn't even have a home to go to, but they knew they were  welcome at Ocean Tides. They could come through the door at any hour of  the night. It was open. He would find them. He would look out for them.  If they had needs, he would take care of them. If they needed a meal,  he would give them a meal. If they needed a bed, he would give them a  bed. If they needed counseling, he would connect with them.   His motto was exactly the one that Senator Reed used: Never, never  give up on a kid. That was the simple motto of his life. Child after  child after child came through Ocean Tides, and, faced with that  relentless love, that completely open and forgiving approach--he could  be firm in discussing behavior with a kid, but it was always, always,  always clear that he was never going to give up, he was never going to  turn his back, and he was never going to stop loving that--in most  cases, that boy.    As he developed his skills and his expertise and as people began to  flock to him and as Ocean Tides grew, he came to recognize that caring  for the child was vitally important, but making sure that the child  could reunite with the family, that the family as a unit could succeed  and could love and could receive love and give love, became his  passion, and with that, Tides Family Services was born.   There are so many people around Rhode Island right now, including  people who are very successful, who can look back in their lives to  where Brother Michael's endless patience, endless kindness, and endless  compassion gave them a pathway to work through whatever problems were  clouding and bedeviling their lives and move on and then become  successful.   I had the privilege, with then-Chairman Grassley on the Judiciary  Committee, of rewriting the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention  Act back in 2018. Actually, we did a lot of work first. We finally got  it passed in 2018. I remember going all around Rhode Island to make  sure the people who were engaged with kids in the juvenile justice  system were--that I heard what their input was, that I heard what they  needed.   No one--no one--was more important to that process; no one had more  fingerprints on the 2018 reauthorization of the Juvenile Justice and  Delinquency Prevention Act of the United States of America than Brother  Michael Reis. The policies that it provided were consistent with his  advice and his judgment, which were consistent with his life of  service.   You know, it is just endlessly difficult, I think, to deal with a  child whose life has gone off rails somehow. It is agonizing work.  Brother Michael never had enough, never said ``I am done,'' never  seemed exhausted, always had a smile, always had a kindly hug, and  always was available and present and forgiving.   So, you know, what he accomplished is a wonderful thing, but what I  can't get out of my mind as I think about him is just who he was and  how your own heart would soar, your own face would smile, just in the  encounter with him because he was that kind of a person.   At one point, he said to me, ``We need to take particular care for  the last, the least, and the lost.'' And still to this day, on my  computer screen in my office, I have a faded sticker that has ``last,''  ``least,'' and ``lost'' written on it that I wrote down way back  whenever it was when he said it, and it stuck in my mind.   So, as Senator Reed said, we lost Brother Michael, but in addition to  the institutions and the lives he changed, he also leaves a very  powerful legacy in the law through the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency  Prevention Act and in the hearts of so many people who were changed by  being able to be near such a wonderful person.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   