 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as some of our colleagues know, I am a  retired Navy captain and the last Vietnam veteran serving in the U.S.  Senate. Today, I want to take a couple of minutes, if I could, to share  what military service has meant to my family and to me and to discuss  one of the critical lessons that we should have learned with the  failure to welcome home many of my generation from our service while in  the Vietnam war.   I come from a family who for several generations--for several  generations--has sacrificed for our country and has been privileged to  serve our country. My dad and Uncle Jim were chief petty officers in  the Navy in World War II. My dad went on to serve a bit in Southeast  Asia during the Vietnam war. My Uncle Ed was a marine who served in  combat, heavy combat, in Korea. My Uncle Bob was killed in a kamikaze  attack on his aircraft carrier in the Pacific at the age of 19. His  body was never recovered. My grandmother was a Gold Star mother. In my  family, we bleed Navy blue.   My father's generation returned home to a hero's welcome at the end  of World War II, but that was not the case for those of us who returned  home from the Vietnam war many years later. With little fanfare, no  welcome-home ceremonies, no parades, we returned to our hometowns to  begin our lives anew, and we did, in some cases, with extraordinarily  good fortune, and I am one of those.   In the years since then, I have witnessed a growing willingness from  people across our country to atone for the kind of welcome home my  generation received and to make clear that our service is now  appreciated--fully appreciated. It is a wonderful feeling.   But for a good part of this year, we have once again failed to treat  hundreds of our best and brightest military leaders with the respect  and gratitude they deserve and have earned by their service.   The situation manufactured by our colleague from Alabama to block the  promotions of hundreds of well-deserving military officers is  unprecedented, it is unwarranted, and I believe it is shameful.   For nearly a year, he has jeopardized our national security and  thrust the lives of some 450 military servicemembers and their  families--put their lives in limbo. These families have been stuck both  physically and professionally. They have been unable to move to new  assignments at home and abroad, where they will assume their new  responsibilities. Military spouses have been unable to find new jobs,  and their children have been unable to continue their education in new  schools.   While I was relieved that the majority of these remarkable men and  women were finally able to accept their promotions recently, there are  still 11 four-star officers and their families who are suffering  because of the actions of one of our colleagues.   By using the lives of our military servicemembers and their families  as a bargaining chip, we are failing to learn from history and once  again disrespecting the sacrifices they have made for our Nation.   What kind of message does this send to our veterans across this  country, to our men and women in all service branches who have served  in some cases for decades? It is unacceptable. What kind of message  does this send to countries around the world about how we treat those  defending democracy every single day?   Moreover, the actions of our colleagues may deter potential recruits  from joining the ranks of our military during a time when we are  working especially hard to recruit and retain talented servicemembers.   As we go into the holiday season, every military family--every  military family--deserves peace of mind. Yet, today, there are still 11  extremely deserving and well-qualified officers whose families continue  to face uncertainty. I will repeat: It is unacceptable, it is  unwarranted, it is shameful, and it must end.   Today, I urge our colleague from Alabama to think again about what is  really at stake. Strong leadership is vital to our national security,  and we cannot undercut senior leaders of our Armed Forces without  jeopardizing our democracy.   To our colleague from Alabama, let me just say this: Please, please  lift your hold. Let's learn from mistakes of our past. Give these 11  officers and their families the respect they also deserve, along with a  truly happy holiday and a promising new year.   With that, I yield the floor.   I note that we have been joined by my friend and colleague from Iowa,  Senator Grassley.   