 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Indiana for  yielding me a few minutes to speak on this rule.   The rule that I rise in support of governs H.J. Res. 88. This joint  resolution, which is proposed today, disapproves of the final rule  submitted by the Department of Education relating to the income-driven  repayment scheme devised by the Biden administration.   This scheme is bad on a number of levels. It is disastrous for not  just the student borrower, but it is also disastrous for the  educational institution beneficiary and the general taxpayer, all  three. These types of plans drive up the cost of higher education  because neither the school nor the student borrower has any incentive  to make market-driven decisions about education. The total cost of  tuition and fees goes up as a result.   The scarcity of resources in this case is seemingly ignored because  there appears to be no end of resources. Nevertheless, we know that is  not true. The value of the education provided goes down, and the return  on the investment is completely disregarded because the student  borrower has no incentive to determine whether or not the amount  borrowed has any relativity or correlation to the amount that he or she  is going to be able to make on the back side of their education.   They borrow whatever they want to borrow, and schools continue to  raise tuition and fees because they know the students will not have to  pay it back. They can borrow it from the Federal Government, and the  taxpayer, generally, will pay that bill on their behalf.   The second thing this new proposed rule by the Biden administration  does is redistribute wealth through the Education Department. That is  effectively what it does when it says: You, the borrower, don't have to  repay your debt; everybody else in society will repay that debt.   We simply cannot let this stand. We cannot let this rule proposed by  the Department of Education stand. I support H.J. Res. 88 and its  underlying rule that will disregard this rule, will unravel it, and  will say to the Biden administration: No more. We stand for the  taxpayers.   