 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, this amendment requires any public school receiving  Federal funds under Title I and Title II of the Elementary and  Secondary Education Act to hold an open enrollment period both for  students living inside and outside the school district.   Parents have a right to decide where their child goes to school, and  this amendment grants parents this important right to choose the best  education for their child, no matter the ZIP Code.  [[Page H1383]]    It is important to note this applies only to Federal funds. Some  might argue, well, local schools have different tax jurisdictions. This  is only for the Federal funds.   School choice is critical to not only the parent, but also to the  student who deserves a safe, high-quality education, not  indoctrination.   We must provide families with freedom to choose. It is the parents'  duty to make the best choice for their children, and choice is the  ultimate enforcement mechanism for this Parents Bill of Rights Act.   My amendment also requires that these schools post an announcement on  their website with details about the open enrollment period to ensure  parents have all the information needed to make an informed decision,  such as an application deadline, the approval rate of applications, and  how long the enrollment period will be valid. Again, this gives parents  the power and ability to make the most informed decision.   Under this amendment, schools must give every student that applies  via the open enrollment process, ``a full and fair consideration,'' an  important detail to ensure that every student receives the opportunity  to succeed.   Open enrollment and the increase in educational freedom is imperative  to the success of our youth. It is a parental right and it is in the  best interests of every student to be granted this opportunity.   This amendment provides every single parent with the power to choose.   Madam Chair, I urge support for my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   