 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule which  provides consideration of important bills that support our Nation's law  enforcement officers. This legislation comes at a critical moment when  those on the front lines in our communities are being attacked,  maligned, and stripped of the resources they need to keep us safe.   Mr. Speaker, time and again my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle claim that the phrase ``defund the police'' is a slogan of a very  small and  [[Page H2365]]  rogue minority that doesn't reflect their party's broader values.  Democrats said that even as cities across this country burned in the  summer of 2020, to the deafening chant of ``defund the police.''   Let's take a look at the facts. Since 2021, 25 cities across America  defunded their police departments by upwards of $2 billion. Police  department budgets were slashed in Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Chicago,  San Francisco, Austin, and even in my home State of New York, New York  City.   What do all these cities have in common? They have Democrat mayors,  Democrat city councils, Democrat monopolies on all of the levers of  power.   New York City is seeing felony crime skyrocket to levels not seen in  15 years after its Democrat mayor and Democrat-dominated city council  embraced the destructive ideals of the defund the police movement. Last  year, the city saw a 22.4 percent jump in serious offenses like felony  assault, rape, burglary, robberies, and grand larceny.   Let's call it what it is. Defunding the police is not a fringe idea.  It is a movement at the heart of the Democratic Party, and it is in  practice right now. If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  truly believe that it is a fringe idea, then I look forward to strong  bipartisan support for this important pro-law enforcement legislation  this week.   Let's show our men and women in blue, the ones on the front lines of  our community, of every community, that they aren't alone, and we have  their backs.   