 Mr. President, as we enter the holidays this year and  experience  [[Page S5938]]  the typical sights and sounds of the season--perhaps, it is the annual  trip to buy a Christmas tree, perhaps in western North Carolina, if you  are from the region. For some, it is the solemn lighting of each candle  on the menorah. Often, it is the joyous family gathering, the giving of  gifts, and the making of life-long memories.   But for the 130 hostages still being held by terrorists in Gaza, the  holiday season is one of pain and isolation. For their families, this  holiday season is filled with pain and uncertainty.   This week, I met again with both some of the families of recently  released hostages and the families of those who are still being held.  Their heartache is something that no person should ever have to  face. The heartache is something that no person should ever have to  face. When you compare the joy of the holidays with the pain of this  situation, you can't help but feel an overwhelming sense of both anger  and sadness, but also a sense of resolve.    What if they were my loved ones? What if they were yours?   Each and every one of these families deserves for their loved ones to  be released immediately and unconditionally. Rest assured, all levels  of the U.S. Government are working with our allies and partners to get  these hostages home and to get them home safely.   But until that happens, there is still something that all of us can  do. And you don't have to be an elected official to send prayers of  comfort to these families. You don't have to be here on the Senate  floor to speak out on their behalf and to call for their release. And  you don't have to be politically active to commit yourself to not  forget these men and women, especially during this season.   Deuteronomy 31:6 tells us: Be strong and courageous; do not be afraid  or terrified because of them, for the Lord your God goes with you, and  He will never leave you or forsake you.   Mr. President, I want every one of these family members to know that  our country is behind them and that we support them and that we are  praying for them.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I oppose S.  1819 because it is a solution in search of a problem.   First and foremost, people have made their own firearms since before  America's founding. This is not a new issue in need of emergency  legislation.   Second, firearms manufacturing is already very highly regulated. For  example, the 1988 Undetectable Firearms Act made it unlawful to  manufacture, import, sell, ship, deliver, possess, transport, or  receive a firearm that cannot be detected by a conventional metal  detector.   And even if someone violates this law using 3D technology, metal  ammunition cartridges and the bullets themselves would still be  detectible.   Third, 3D printing of firearms is an extremely technical process that  requires high-level technology and an extensive time commitment, not to  mention an extreme financial cost. Simply put, 3D manufacturing of  firearms would be an entirely ineffective way for a criminal to obtain  a firearm.   Fourth, this bill would be an unconstitutional infringement on the  First Amendment speech rights of law-abiding hobbyists and firearms  enthusiasts who simply want to share specifications about unique or  antique firearms.   At the end of the day, we don't have a device problem; we have got a  people problem. And this bill represents another attempt by some to use  fear and misunderstanding to layer more Federal regulations on an  already highly regulated industry.   If we share the goal of keeping our fellow citizens safe, a better  approach would be to enforce the laws that are already on the books and  to fully fund and support the police and reverse the soft-on-crime  policies of Democrat-run cities. And that is how we ensure public  safety.   Madam President, I object.   