 Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   The Senator from Illinois knows well, I cannot and will not give  consent to the confirmation of new officials at the Department of  Justice.   My objection is not specific to the qualifications or the particular  individuals that have been nominated. My objection is, instead, to the  fact that we live in an era where the Department of Justice is used for  politics as much as justice. And that is unacceptable.   The DOJ is, and always has been, defined by its most consequential  investigations and prosecutions. This DOJ is thus defined by its  selective prosecution of the leader of the opposition--the man running  against Joe Biden to become President of the United States. Of course,  I am speaking of Donald Trump.   Now, this unprecedented double standard selectively prosecuting  Donald Trump, leaving the President and his family completely  untouched, is a reason why the Department of Justice's public  confidence has completely collapsed.   A recent NBC News survey showed that 35 percent of the American  people approve of the Department of Justice, which is a radical decline  from where it was just a couple of years ago.   It is the constitutional duty of this body to provide advice and  consent to high-level DOJ nominees. My real fear here--I don't want to  be here, I don't want to be objecting to these nominees--but what I  like much less is the fact these nominees will be used by the Attorney  General for politics over justice.   My colleague might say--and he might say this to Senator Tuberville,  who has a similar hold on Department of Justice nominees--that this is  extraordinary, that what we are doing as Republicans in objecting to  the unanimous consent of these nominations is extraordinary. And I  agree it is extraordinary. But what is more extraordinary is this  moment in time where the leader of the opposition is being prosecuted  by the President of the United States, and the Department of Justice  again and again and again is using its powers to go after people from  pro-life activists to members of the community who are just exercising  their rights.   I would love to live in a country where the Department of Justice  does not engage in selective prosecution. I would very much like if the  Department of Justice focused on the work of law enforcement instead of  politics. Until it does, I will object to these nominations.   I will object to giving unanimous consent. For these reasons, I  object.   