 Mr. President, this is a moment in history where we have the  chance to stand up and provide assistance to an ally, an important  ally, in a tough part of the world that has a lot of enemies in common  with the United States.   Israel was savagely attacked without provocation on the morning of  October 7 of this year, just over a month ago. The most unspeakably  savage human attacks were carried out on men and women of Israel whose  offense was simple: living in Israel. The people of Hamas wanted them  dead because of the fact that they are Jewish and they live in Israel.  Their humanity, their religion, their ancestry, and their geography all  qualified them to be deemed unworthy of living by the savages of Hamas.  These savages will continue in their butchery and, in so doing, degrade  humanity for as long as they can get away with it.   Longstanding relationships between the United States and Israel have  set us on a course in which we can reasonably be expected to provide  reasonable assistance to Israel.   Now, to be clear, what Israel is asking of us is not grand. They are  not asking us to go there and fight their war for them, nor are they  asking us to provide hundreds of billions of dollars over many years in  order to help them achieve that effort--no. It is a relatively modest  request that they are making of us. Compared to other requests that we  are considering from other parts of the world, including and especially  from Ukraine, this is a modest one.   This is, moreover, an effort that they believe they can carry out  successfully in a matter of weeks or months, not something spanning out  over the better part of a decade.   Finally, there is overwhelming bipartisan, bicameral support for aid  to Israel. It has already passed the House of Representatives. It is  done. We could bring it up right now, we could pass it today, and it  could be on the desk of the President of the United States at the Oval  Office, just a few blocks from here, by tonight.   To my knowledge, there is not a single Member of this body who would  object to collapsing, consolidating the otherwise burdensome and time- consuming process that it takes to bring a bill to the floor at the  U.S. Senate. We could have this done today, and I predict that the vote  would be overwhelming--if not unanimous, then very nearly so--with the  number of dissenting votes probably in the single digits, probably in  the low single digits, if, in fact, there were any ``no'' votes at all.   So the point here is that you have two proposals, two ideas to offer  support in two different conflicts. One is overwhelmingly popular and  bipartisan and could easily pass both Houses. The other is troubling  and fraught with questions and also happens to be the proposal--the one  for Ukraine--that is a lot more expensive and that involves a conflict  that is now, we are being told, a conflict that is likely to stretch  out for the better part of a decade with no end in sight. And that is a  conflict wherein--since the beginning of last year, we have spent $113  billion on the conflict in Ukraine. They are, moreover, analytically  distinct, just as they are geographically distinct. They involve  different considerations. We opt to consider them together.   This is one of the real maladies of Washington today, is the fact  that, in many instances, Congress can't seem to resist the impulse to  consolidate support for one thing and use that as leverage to bring  about support for something else for which there is no comparably  large, bipartisan, broad-based support. That is unfortunate.   The people of Israel need this aid now. Let's get this done now. We  will consider Ukraine on its own merits. There is no reason to delay.  We should bring this up today, get it passed  [[Page S5495]]  today, and get it signed into law this very evening.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the quorum call  be vitiated.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the quorum call  be vitiated.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   