 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, as we attempt to cut spending back to top-line  FY 2022 levels, we must address the glaring $32.6 trillion debt.   We must commit in this Congress to significant spending cuts. If we  don't, we will be mortgaging the futures of our children. We will  perpetually hobble long-term economic growth by not only destroying our  future borrowing power but by forcing our Treasury to dedicate much of  its future spending to debt repayment rather than meeting the needs of  the American people.   If we fail to tackle runaway spending now, we are compromising the  well-being of future generations. Is that the legacy we want to leave  behind? We have an obligation, a moral one, to ensure that we leave  this country better off than we found it.   In an appropriations bill that is supposed to be focused on  supporting our veterans and their families, we are sending $293  million--taxpayer dollars--abroad to support NATO. That is an increase  of 33 percent from FY 2023.   There will be some who argue that the $293 million figure is a  commitment that the United States made at the June 2022 NATO summit.  While Congress has largely abdicated its role in foreign affairs to the  executive branch, it was the intent of our Founding Fathers that this  institution provide a robust check on the executive. It is why we have  the power of the purse.   Ultimately, given Congress' massive spending habits, there needs to  come a time when we say enough is enough, and that is the purpose for  offering this amendment today. I am asking all of  [[Page H3993]]  my colleagues if they could spare just a 1 percent cut to NATO's  Security Investment Program. That is just 1 percent.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have a great deal of respect for my  colleagues, but let's talk about America's contribution. We have  already spent roughly $42 billion on equipment and support for Ukraine  in addition to these moneys.   When you think about NATO, our allies are supposed to hold up their  fair share of the bargain, 2 percent. We are meeting our obligations,  but only seven other countries meet their obligations. Keep in mind, it  is supposed to be 2 percent. Luxembourg is at 0.62; Canada, 1.29;  Turkey, 1.37; Norway, 1.57; Germany, 1.49; and France, 1.89.   Before we start talking about the United States of America doing its  job and having to defend the rest of the world, how about our allies do  their job and uphold their obligations? I am asking for only a 1  percent cut.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, it is hard to justify sending hard-earned  taxpayer dollars to NATO when most of our allies don't uphold their end  of the bargain and when they look to us to be their defender and to  fund their security.   Meanwhile, we have a porous border. Every community in this country  is a border town because of fentanyl overdoses in the streets and  trafficking run amuck. Yet, we are going to spend more money overseas.  How about we secure our country and take care of our country, our  people, our needs, and secure our border?   Mr. Chair, it is just a 1 percent cut. I encourage all of my  colleagues to send a message to NATO and our allies to do their fair  share.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   