 Mr. Speaker, while my Republican colleagues have promised  to secure America's energy future, I share this goal and I am eager to  work together. Again, I congratulate our new chair.   However, I would say that the path to energy security is not through  cheap political rhetoric or Biden bashing, but through bipartisan  policy solutions.   We all agree that oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve should not  be sold to our adversaries. To prevent this, Representatives Chrissy  Houlahan of Pennsylvania and   Don Bacon of Nebraska introduced the  bipartisan Banning Oil Exports to Foreign Adversaries Act last July and  reintroduced it yesterday with 34 Democratic and 7 Republican  cosponsors.   The bill prevents the sale or export of oil from the SPR to China,  but also North Korea, Russia, Iran, and any country currently under  U.S. sanctions. I bet it would be approved by voice vote in this House  today.   By contrast, the bill we are debating today only prohibits SPR sales  to entities affiliated with China. Given that a more comprehensive,  bipartisan bill already exists, why would our colleagues be putting  forward a more partisan bill with a partial solution that won't pass  the Senate?   Let me be clear. Americans are looking for serious policy results,  not half-baked ideas designed for a press release. If my colleagues  across the aisle are serious about energy independence, let's talk  about that. They will have to acknowledge that our path to true energy  security is not by doubling down on oil.   We have seen the costs of oil price shocks time and time again. In  the 1970s, the Arab oil embargo caused oil prices to soar.   In 1990, the first Gulf war spiked record prices.   In 2005, Hurricane Katrina damaged refining facilities causing prices  to rise again.   Between December 2007 and July 2008, prices rose from $118 a barrel  to over $160 per barrel before crashing during the Great Recession.   In the last few years we have seen rapid volatility from negative  prices during the pandemic to over $100 a barrel during the recovery.   It is becoming very clear that we have to admit that doubling down on  oil is a failed strategy, and true energy security will be achieved by  reducing our reliance on fossil fuels and investing in clean fuels of  the future. Let's do that for our taxpayers as well as for the  environment.   I look forward to working together on real solutions.   