 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bipartisan bill,  the Senior Security Act, to help protect vulnerable seniors who are  being targeted by fraudsters who seek to take financial advantage of  them.   I first thank my colleague, Republican Congresswoman Ann Wagner, for  her friendship and her leadership. I am very grateful for her continued  fight to have the backs of our seniors.   Mr. Speaker, I also thank Senators Sinema and Collins, who have  introduced the companion legislation to the Senior Security Act in the  United States Senate.   This legislation builds on Congresswoman Wagner's and my previous  [[Page H2723]]  work this Congress when we advanced the Financial Exploitation  Prevention Act that would give asset managers more tools to prevent  suspected financial exploitation of seniors and vulnerable adults.   Since I took office, I have been committed to helping seniors save  their hard-earned money for retirement, help cut their taxes, afford  prescription drugs, and protect Social Security and Medicare so that,  at the end of the day, they can afford to stay where I live in northern  New Jersey and enjoy their lives with their friends, children, and  grandchildren.   Unfortunately, far too many of our seniors have had their hard-earned  retirement savings stolen right out from under them when a scammer  calls or shows up at their door. Millions of seniors across the  country, including my own late mother, have been the victims of  financial scams, and far too many have been cheated out of their  retirement savings.   It is appalling. It is offensive. It is simply unacceptable. These  senior scams cost older Americans more than $36 billion a year, often  hitting their retirement nest eggs, not to mention the pain and anxiety  you can't put a dollar figure on. Plus, senior scams have more than  doubled since 2020.   We are here today to do something about it by advancing the Senior  Security Act to help protect American seniors from these shameless  criminals.   This bipartisan bill would create a senior investor task force at the  Securities and Exchange Commission that will exclusively focus on how  seniors are being targeted by fraudsters who seek to take financial  advantage of them.   Every 2 years, the task force will be required to submit a report to  Congress outlining trends and innovations, like robocalls and voice  spoofing, that are impacting senior investors, helping us stay ahead of  changes in financial scams as they arise.    Everyone should know they are incredibly sophisticated now. Literally  through AI and other spoofing, it sounds like someone's grandchild  calling when they scam them.   The task force will give law enforcement stronger tools and  information. The task force will coordinate with other Federal  regulators, State regulators, and law enforcement to ensure we are  doing as much as we can at every level of government to stop hucksters  from scamming our seniors. The task force will be a cop on the beat to  make sure we keep up with the changes in financial scams and, again,  stay ahead of new issues.   Our seniors have given us so much. We should always have their backs,  look out for them, and help protect them from predators and innovative  scammers who want to take advantage of them.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense,  bipartisan legislation, the Senior Security Act. I thank my colleagues  and Congresswoman Wagner, again, for her friendship and her leadership.   