 Madam President, I support the nomination of Charlotte  Burrows to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission,  EEOC. Charlotte Burrows has been a member of the EEOC since 2015. She  was first confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 93-2. When she was  renominated in 2019, the Senate confirmed her by voice vote. I look  forward to her being confirmed a third time.   Charlotte Burrows is dedicated to ensuring that the EEOC plays a  critical role in addressing systemic discrimination and advancing equal  opportunity. Her priorities include advancing pay equity, preventing  unlawful retaliation and harassment, addressing the use of artificial  intelligence and other tech tools in employment decisions, and  protecting vulnerable workers, including people with disabilities,  older workers, temporary workers, and low-wage workers.   During her tenure as Chair, Ms. Burrows has helped rebuild the EEOC  and its capacity to enforce Federal antidiscrimination laws--restoring  staffing levels to meet the public demand for agency services. Under  Ms. Burrows' leadership, the EEOC has secured more than $500 million in  monetary relief for some 38,000 victims of employment discrimination,  and the EEOC has filed over 140 employment discrimination lawsuits in  fiscal year 2023, a 50-percent increase over fiscal year 2022.   Chair Burrows is committed to ensuring that workers are aware of  their rights and employers are aware of their responsibilities. To help  accomplish this goal, in fiscal year 2022, EEOC conducted over 3,300  outreach and training events and provided more than 225,000 people  nationwide with information about their rights and responsibilities in  the workplace. In order to reach more vulnerable workers, the EEOC  conducted 1,000 outreach events for vulnerable workers that reached  nearly 80,000 individuals. Often, these events were in partnership with  local organizations that know these vulnerable and underserved  communities the best.   During her time as Chair, she has overseen the implementation of the  Pregnant Worker's Fairness Act, including advancing a bipartisan  proposed rule to implement this important and much-needed law. She has  also advanced a much-needed proposal to update harassment guidance and  issued technical assistance on practices to prevent harassment in the  Federal workplace. She has updated EEOC resources related to  individuals with visual disabilities and employment protections for  Americans with disabilities.   Further, she launched the Artificial Intelligence and Algorithmic  Fairness Initiative in 2021 to ensure that these systems are used in  ways that reflect values of fairness and equality. The main goal of the  Chair's initiative is to assist applicants, workers, employers, and  vendors to understand how Federal equal employment opportunity laws  apply to these new technologies. Under her leadership, the EEOC is  working to address potentially harmful uses of this technology in the  workforce.   Chair Burrows' dedication to improving the lives of working families  and making sure they receive the wages and benefits they deserve make  her the right person to lead this agency. I thank her for her service,  and I strongly support her nomination to continue as Chair of the EEOC.   