 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  our economy.   The President has been doing a lot of bragging these days about the  economy. Last week, it was Virginia. Later this week, it is  Philadelphia. He is in New York City today. He is going to be here on  Capitol Hill, down the hall, in the House, next Tuesday night, for the  State of the Union.   You know, the American people that I talk to--and looking at  statistics and poll numbers from around the country--the American  people just don't believe the President has anything to brag about, not  when you look at the economy that is facing our Nation today. Two- thirds of people in polls out this weekend say that they disapprove of  the way Joe Biden is handling the economy--disapprove, doing a bad job,  the country heading in the wrong direction. And it is really a problem  when 70 percent of the people think the country in which they live, the  county they love, is heading in the wrong direction.   Why would they say it? Well, they took a look at their own personal  situation, because the average American family has lost more than  $10,000 to higher prices since Joe Biden took office just 2 years ago,  and, now, what we are seeing across the country is more and more signs  of the economy slowing down.   Last week, we found out that the economy had slowed down at the end  of last year. Last year, the economy grew at only a rate of 2.1 percent  for the entire year. The White House predicted that it would be 3.8  percent, so much below what the President and the White House had  predicted. Actually, they missed it by almost half. And this is just  the latest in a long list of disappointments that have affected the  people all across the country over the last 2 years.   We found out Friday that consumer spending has dropped again. This  week, working families are now getting another punch to the gut.  Economists are predicting that the Federal Reserve is likely going to  raise interest rates again in just 2 days. More rate hikes are going to  make it even more expensive to borrow money. It is going to slow the  economy down even further.   Over the last year, we have seen the largest rate hikes in 40 years.  The average rate of new mortgages doubled since Joe Biden became  President. Credit card interest are at an all-time high. Higher rates,  harder to buy a home, harder to buy a house, harder to pay off credit  card debt--it is no surprise that mortgage applications recently hit  their lowest level in 25 years. They say they can't afford it at these  rates.   This is very bitter medicine for the American people to take because  they have been living through the worst inflation in 40 years. So why  do we have the worst inflation in 40 years? Well, it is obvious. It is  the massive spending done by the Democrats on a strictly party-line  basis and the fact that the Democrats shut down American energy. You  talk about a one-two punch--trying to kill the American energy industry  and massive amounts of spending on top of it, inflation at a 40-year  high, people suffering all around the country.   Now, economists are predicting another recession coming this year.  What does that mean? Well, it means more pain for people, more  punishment for families who are just trying to get by or trying to put  food on the table, and food prices have skyrocketed again.   The American dream is moving further and further out of reach for  many, many American families. According to the Gallup poll group, faith  in the American dream recently hit an all-time low. How could that  happen? Record numbers of people, surprisingly, believe that their  children will have a lower standard of living than they have had. That  is not the way my parents looked at me when I was growing up or your  parents did, Mr. President, when you were growing up. The American  dream was about a better next generation. Parents today don't see that  for their kids because they see what they see going around their  communities and this country.   Many young people are giving up on their hope to buy a home someday.  Families trying to get ahead are having a harder time, and many are  falling behind.   It didn't have to be this way. Oh, no, this is the result of the  decisions that Joe Biden made and the inflation that Joe Biden and the  Democrats have brought about this country.   Remember, when Joe Biden took office just 2 years ago, inflation in  this country was virtually nonexistent. A typical 30-year mortgage went  for less than 4 percent. The lockdowns from the pandemic were coming to  an end. The economy was ready to take off. And then in March of 2021,  with every Democrat voting for it and every Republican voting against  it, Democrats printed $2 trillion and added it to the national debt.   Republicans warned the Democrats: Don't do it. Don't do this. Don't  put the money. Don't spend the money. Don't add it to the debt.   We said it would cause inflation, and it wasn't just Republicans who  were saying it. Democrats' own economic experts warned them: Don't  spend the money. It is going to jazz up the economy to the point of  more money in. Prices are going to go chasing it, and prices will go  up.   Democrat advisers, like former President Obama's advisers--Larry  Summers, Jason Furman, and Steve Rattner, to just to name a few-- Democrats in Washington, in this body, on this side of the floor,  ignored the whole thing, refused to listen. Nancy Pelosi and the  Democrats in the House said we don't want to hear it. They put their  fingers in their ears.   A month after President Biden signed the bill, inflation climbed. We  have been suffering the consequences ever since.   President Biden said: No, no, it is transitory. No, it is not  inflation.   He had a hundred excuses. It was here, and it was here to stay, and  the Democrats caused it.   To add problems on top of this, Democrats also raised taxes on nearly  every tax bracket. Of course, this was a direct violation of the  promises Joe Biden made to the American people. Democrats raised prices  anyway.   Joe Biden went and gave an inaugural address where he talked like he  was going to work together. It is not what happened.   He went to the White House and killed the Keystone XL Pipeline and  went far, far to the left, raising taxes on American energy, raising  taxes on natural gas. Natural gas powers about half the homes in the  United States. Taxes on coal went up a billion dollars. That means  everybody is paying higher prices.   It is strangling our economy. It is strangling our energy production.  It is wrong for the Nation.   You look at Joe Biden. He is smiling away like things are going well,  completely out of touch with the families all across the country.   We are still producing a lot less oil today than we were before the  pandemic, and gas prices have gone up about 40 cents already this year.  They are predicted to go to over $4 a gallon by March because of the  attack on American energy by this administration and this President.   Democrats have taken a sledgehammer to our economy on each and every  side: higher taxes, higher spending, higher gas, less American energy.  It is a Democrat policy in a nutshell. That is the Democrat economic  policy: higher taxes, higher spending, higher debt, less American  energy. It is a policy for failure, a policy for pain for American  families.   I guess that is why, right now, today, in the United States Joe Biden  is the least popular Democrat President in the last 60 years--the least  popular. So instead of bragging, instead of going to New York and  pounding his chest, as he did in Virginia and he is going to do in  Pennsylvania--instead of bragging, he ought to be apologizing to the  American people. He does owe the American people an apology for the  damage and  [[Page S162]]  the destruction that he has inflicted because of his radical leftwing  policies.   His policies caused higher prices, caused higher interest rates,  caused slower growth, caused much pain and much stress. So the American  people are taking a look right now at the Biden economy, and they are  not liking what they see. People want their money back. They want their  future back. They want a future for their family.   So if Joe Biden won't apologize, which is what he should do when he  comes to Congress next week for the State of the Union, then he should  at least announce that he is going to change course, try to make things  better, announce that he is going to stop this reckless spending that  has brought us these problems, announce that he is finally going to  unleash American energy so energy is affordable, available, and  reliable.   That is what the American public is asking for and demanding. Working  families in this country cannot afford any less.   I yield the floor.   