 Mr. President, I know there are others who are waiting to  speak, and I will yield to them momentarily, but I think it is  important that the majority leader explain the entire story of where we  find ourselves here today on the verge of a shutdown.   The truth is, the Senate has not passed a single appropriations bill  that passed out of the Senate Appropriations Committee by bipartisan  support. Some of them were passed unanimously. The first bill, I  believe, that passed out of the Senate Appropriations Committee passed  out some 80 days ago. Now, it may have taken until the end of July  before we could get a House bill to then amend, which is a necessary  procedural prerequisite, but the fact of the matter is, the majority  leader, who is the only person who can schedule a vote on any of these  pieces of legislation, has failed to bring any of these bills to the  floor and successfully passed in the U.S. Senate.   So 18 days before the end of the fiscal year, which is the shutdown  unless we pass another funding bill, the majority leader puts a so- called minibus, or a combination of three appropriations bills, on the  floor. That was the first time the majority leader decided to actually  schedule a vote on anything.   My point is that the majority leader likes to blame the House--and  particularly because it is a majority of Republicans--so he acts like  this is all their fault. Everything is just hunky-dory and bipartisan  in the Senate. That is false. The majority leader has contributed  dramatically to this shutdown because of the Senate's failure under his  leadership to pass any appropriations bills whatsoever. And, yes, it is  no surprise to anybody that here we are needing to find some way  forward on a continuing resolution--in other words, to keep the lights  on--while we continue to work out other differences.   I think shutdowns are a mistake. Shutdowns are a mistake because they  don't solve the underlying problem. They disrupt all sorts of people,  and he mentioned some of the people they disrupt, including pay to our  military. Our own staff aren't going to get paid. People aren't going  to be able to get passports through the passport office. If they have  immigration problems, if veterans are worried about getting  compensation or other benefits, they are not going to be responded to  because of this government shutdown. Completely, completely predictable  and completely, completely unnecessary.   So I think if you are going to talk about who contributed to where we  are today, the majority leader--I say this respectfully--this is in  large part a Schumer shutdown because the Senate hasn't done its job.  This is not governing. This is not responsible. Again, the only way we  can consider legislation in the U.S. Senate is if he schedules  something on the floor. That is his prerogative as the majority leader.   But people ought to be held accountable. People ought to be  responsible for their own actions. And the majority leader has simply  failed to let the Senate do its work even though the Senate  Appropriations Committee, which is chaired by a Democrat, Senator Patty  Murray, and ranking member, Senator Susan Collins. They did magnificent  work. They did what they were supposed to do. But because the majority  leader failed to bring any of those bills to the floor, we haven't  passed a single appropriations bill, and we are looking at a deadline  of midnight Saturday,  [[Page S4816]]  where the government ceases to function because of the failure to do  our job here in the Senate.   The House has its own problems, but we ought to take care of business  here first, and we haven't done that.   