 Mr. President, when Congress passed the Chips and Science  Act last summer, we made a promise to America that these historic  investments would be felt in communities across the country--more  microchip manufacturing facilities, more high-paying jobs that do not  require a four-year degree, lower costs, a stronger supply chain, and a  stronger economy.   Since the CHIPS Act became law, companies have announced plans to  invest hundreds of billions of dollars to bring microchip manufacturing  back to America, including in Arizona.   But here is the problem: As currently implemented, when these  projects receive incentives through the CHIPS Act, they are subject to  a new Federal review under a process called NEPA. This includes  projects that have already received the necessary State and Federal  environmental permits and are already under construction.   So factories that are being built right now in places like Phoenix  could be forced to pause construction and undergo a redundant Federal  review. And that just doesn't work.   So, this week, along with my colleagues, Senators Young, Brown, and  Hagerty, I introduced the Building Chips in America Act. And this bill  would speed up the construction of projects supported by the CHIPS Act  by streamlining Federal permitting reviews and keeping in place bedrock  environmental protections for clean air and clean water.   To do this, the bill designates the Department of Commerce as the  lead agency to carry out NEPA reviews for any CHIPS Act project. It  also clarifies that certain projects, certain chips projects like those  already under development with necessary permits, are not major Federal  actions and, therefore, are not subject to a NEPA review.   These measures would--would--prevent costly delays for projects, and  right now, we have an opportunity to maximize the impact of the CHIPS  Act for our economy and for our national security. Plans already  underway that have received the necessary permits should not have to  face extra hurdles.   So let's cut the redtape, and let's start reaping the benefits of our  historic CHIPS Act.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   