 Mr. Speaker, with the recent largest-ever  homicide spike in the history of our Nation, our first responders and  law enforcement officers are facing unprecedented threats on the job at  severe staff shortages as they are simultaneously met with radical  calls by some to ``abolish the police.''   These men and women of extraordinary courage who take the risks,  sweat the details, and face danger each and every day in order to  ensure public safety not only deserve our gratitude and respect but  also robust support from Congress to assist them in keeping our  communities safe.   The brave officers we remember this Police Week--and always--remind  us of the increasingly dangerous job our men and women in blue so  courageously perform--some paying the ultimate sacrifice in defense of  their community.   In the Fourth Congressional District of New Jersey, we specifically  remember Officer Joseph William Goertz, of the Lakewood Township Police  Department, Officer Joseph Charles Capriotti, of the Middletown Police  Department, and Officer Matthew Scott Horton, of the Ocean County  Sheriffs Office.   Mr. Speaker, those who commit violent acts against police and others,  as well as those who destroy property and steal, should be prosecuted  to the greatest extent of the law. As a lawmaker, I've written many  laws to combat crime and assist victims and strongly opposed recent  legislation in Congress to eviscerate ``qualified immunity'' for law  enforcement. Qualified immunity--a judicially created legal doctrine-- shields government officials, including law enforcement, from personal  liability lawsuits so long as their actions do not violate ``clearly  established statutory or constitutional rights of which a reasonable  person would have known.''   According to the Congressional Research Service, ``The Supreme Court  has observed that qualified immunity balances two important interests-- the need to hold public officials accountable when they exercise power  irresponsibly and the need to shield officials from harassment,  distraction and liability when they perform their duties reasonably.''   As recently as last Congress, Democrats introduced a bill that would  end qualified immunity and states in pertinent part that ``It shall not  be a defense or immunity in any action brought under this section  against a local law enforcement officer. . .'' even if ``. . .the  defendant was acting in good faith, or that the defendant believed,  reasonably or otherwise, that his or her conduct was lawful at the time  when the conduct was committed. . .''   If this section became law, it would likely result in a flood of  legal actions--an engraved invitation to sue law enforcement officers.   Moreover, it will deter police from using force where the use of  force is necessary to save life or protect property--diminishing the  ability of police to provide public safety in dangerous situations. As  an elected official, words are inadequate to convey the gratitude and  respect that I and the vast majority in the community have for you and  your families.   