 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill,  H.R. 548, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Requisition Act.  I thank the chair and the distinguished ranking member both for their  very kind words of support for this very important legislation.   This legislation has passed in this House before. It needs to pass  tonight. It needs to go to the Senate and it needs to be on the  President's desk. It has been far too long. The Eastern Band of  Cherokee have been waiting and had a lot of promises made to them over  the years which have been broken. This a great bill for America, and it  is a great bill that we honor our wonderful Eastern Band of Cherokees.    The great State of Tennessee, my home State, gets its name from the  historic Overhill Cherokee settlement called Tanasi, located in  present-day Monroe County, Tennessee. Tanasi served as the capital of  the Cherokee people from as early as 1721.   Unfortunately, as a result of misguided Federal policies, the  Cherokee people were forcibly removed from their homes in Tennessee and  the surrounding States. This tragic period in American history led to  the Trail of Tears, a journey on which the United States forcibly  marched 15,000 Cherokees to the Indian Territory.   My bill, the Eastern Band Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act,  returns important historic sites back to the Eastern Band of Cherokee  Indians, the Tribal Nation comprised of descendants of those Cherokees  who resisted removal in the Great Smoky Mountains and escaped the Trail  of Tears.   It is on these same lands where the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians  have for decades honored the birthplace of Sequoyah, whose likeness we  all have the opportunity to pass as we make our way from the rotunda of  our Capitol to this House floor.   H.R. 548 would return 76.1 acres. I want to be clear: It is only 76.1  acres of TVA land back to the Eastern Band of Cherokees in trust and  grant two permanent easements over TVA property to be held in trust for  the Tribe for creating recreational trails between the sites.   The Tribe is committed to improving the educational resources of the  Sequoyah Birthplace Museum and to provide a means for economic  development for the local community through cultural tourism.   The Cherokee Nation has a rich history in the Third District of  Tennessee, and I am grateful to be engaged in the process to safeguard  their story.   Madam Speaker, I strongly urge Members of both Chambers to understand  the importance of the Cherokee  [[Page H692]]  Tribal land preservation and support H.R. 548 so that it may be brought  to President Biden's desk in a timely manner.   