 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, in my region, you will find the Investing in America  agenda in full swing.   Since Congress delivered the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law to  President Biden's desk, infrastructure investments totaling nearly $6  billion have been announced in my State of Washington alone: roads and  bridges and  [[Page H4287]]  ports and water systems, and even some investments that haven't been  leading on cable news.   Just last month in my district, we celebrated nearly $20 million to  support healthy salmon populations which are vital to our culture and  to our way of life and to jobs, for hatcheries, for habitat, and for  culverts.   When the founders of my State built our roads, they often did so over  rivers and streams. We have culverts intended for fish passage that,  simply put, don't work.   You don't hear a lot about that piece of the infrastructure law, but  it is a big deal. Whether you are a sportsman or a citizen of one of  the 12 Tribes that I represent, or just someone who appreciates nature,  these investments matter.   To the north of my district, the Representative from Washington's  Second District, Rick Larsen, who is the ranking member of the  Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, recently hosted a  bipartisan forum focusing on showcasing the benefits the Infrastructure  Law is bringing to ports. As Leader Hoyer has said time and again:  ``Let's make it in America.'' These investments in ports make sure that  the things we make in America can get sold all over the world.   In my own district, the Port of Grays Harbor has been awarded a $25.5  million grant for an export terminal. To be clear, that will help  export American products all over the Pacific Rim.   In downtown Seattle, our colleague from Washington's Seventh  District, Pramila Jayapal, organized an event at the Salmon Bay Bridge.  This bridge is on track to receive $25 million for the rehabilitation  of its movable span, ensuring it can accommodate shipping  boats efficiently.    Washington isn't the only State whose residents are benefiting from  these investments. In Colorado, Diana DeGette, our colleague from the  First District of Colorado, celebrated the noteworthy replacement of  the 112-year-old Alameda bridge in Denver. Spanning Interstate 25 and  the South Platte River, that bridge holds the distinction of being the  oldest highway bridge in the State.   Mr. Speaker, it is no exaggeration that we are seeing historic  investments made possible through President Biden's agenda working with  our caucus.   At its core, it is about critical infrastructure investments  happening throughout our Nation every day. Why? Because infrastructure  is fundamental for a thriving economy and community.   I have seen it firsthand. I worked in economic development before I  got to Congress. These investments are not just about the roads under  our feet, the bridges we cross, it is not just about pipelines for  clean water to our homes or trains delivering us to our hometowns, it  is about technology, too.   A while back, I visited a Tribe in my district on the coast of  Washington. It is as rural as people in this Chamber could possibly  imagine.   We stopped at their library. I asked, is this where your students  study?   They said, we don't have internet in this library.   That is just unacceptable.   And the fact is the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law is going to connect  people to broadband in a big way. So if you are an entrepreneur or a  senior or a student in a rural classroom, you can get online so that  you can connect your business or have a telehealth visit or take an  online class.   We are seeing the benefits of this Investing in America agenda and  the commitment to reenergizing and strengthening our communities,  including rural communities that I represent. We are helping people  make it in America. We are seeing that in the region that I come from  on the West, and I couldn't be more excited about what is ahead.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the leader for pulling us together and for his  leadership.   