 Mr. Chair, I rise today with deep, deep reservations  about the provisions in this bill funding the Ukraine Security  Assistance Initiative, a program that has been in place since 2016.   Today, the United States has given $113 billion in security and  humanitarian aid to Ukraine for their war against Russia. I acknowledge  the fact that is an illegal war and Vladimir Putin should be punished.  However, I am not happy with the level of visibility that we have given  to this funding.   The United States Government must be in charge of our foreign policy.  The United States Government must be in charge of our defense policies,  and we should not be handing these over to the Ukrainian Government.   We are funding Ukrainians, we are paying their salaries for their  troops and giving them stipends when we are potentially looking forward  to shutting down our government due to Democratic intransigence, which  means we will not be funding our own troops. This is simply  unacceptable.   Before any new money is dispensed to Ukraine, we need a strategic  exit plan from the Biden administration with quantifiable metrics.  Still, I will not allow D.C.'s dysfunction to undermine our national  security and hurt our military families and will support the underlying  bill, again, with great reservations.   We must fund our military and we must pay our troops.    Madam Chair, I have multiple combat tours as a Navy  SEAL, including two to Afghanistan, and that is why I rise today in  support of the amendment to use the Holman rule to reduce Secretary  Austin's salary to $1.   To paraphrase a famous British officer's evaluation: Secretary Austin  consistently sets low standards and then fails to meet them.   Secretary Austin remains in charge of the Pentagon, despite the fact  that he has been responsible for the greatest degradation of the United  States military since the Vietnam war and the highest Active Duty and  veteran suicide rate in our history.   He is directly responsible for abandoning thousands of American  citizen and our allies to terrorists in Afghanistan and the subsequent  deaths of 13 of our brave men and women in uniform during that fiasco.   I support applying the Holman rule to reduce his salary to $1 simply  because we cannot reduce it to zero.   Secretary Austin could save further controversy and redeem his honor  by resigning immediately and publicly apologizing to all of the Gold  Star families he is directly responsible for creating at the bombing of  Abbey Gate.   