 Madam President, ``The border is not open.''   ``The border is not open.'' That is what DHS Secretary Mayorkas told  the American people repeatedly. I guess that is pretty easy to say when  you are sitting in your office in Washington, DC, but I rise to tell  the truth to the American people.   Just recently, I led a group of Senators to the epicenter of this  crisis in Brownsville, TX, on the eve title 42 was being lifted. Why  Brownsville, you might ask, because that is where the cartel had moved  the mass migration to. I reckon that was the easiest way to get all the  people from Venezuela that they had recruited to come to America; that  was the easiest, the most economical route to get them to the border  was from Venezuela to Brownsville, TX.   I have to tell you, it is worse than I expected. The scene was bleak;  the morale was at an all-time low. And there was no sign of this crisis  ending anytime soon. At least that is what was going on, on our side of  the border. On the other side of the border, these migrants were  celebrating. They were having a party. The worst part of their journey  was over.   We toured Camp Monument. Now, Camp Monument was a park just weeks  before, but the Border Patrol had come in there and set up an emergency  command post.   Now, again, the DHS Secretary is telling us the border isn't open,  but this is what the Border Patrol told us: Just the day before, 11,000  illegal migrants had been recorded at this location alone and more than  3,000 ``got-aways'' the same day--3,000 ``got-aways.'' If you put those  two together, that is the size of my hometown, Great Bend, America.   Now, we saw this week with the arrest of the Afghani on the Terrorist  Watchlist in California, these ``got-aways'' undoubtedly include  terrorists, convicted criminals, and the cartels' drug smugglers.   In fact, something, again, new on this trip--this was my fourth trip  to the border--something new, they were averaging 90 Chinese military- aged nationalists crossing in the Rio Grande Valley every day, 90  Chinese nationalists every day crossing our border.   Probably the saddest thing I have heard about from the Border Patrol  is they shared the horrific situation and the repeated sexual assault  young women are enduring to come here. They compared it to a never- ending cycle of ``sex slavery''--that was their term--sex slavery by  the cartels. In fact, the cartel had made $13 billion last year in the  sex trade industry. And they told us that these young ladies enter a  lifetime of debt to their criminal traffickers. So many other people  turned into indentured servants.   These smugglers are also bringing in lethal fentanyl that is  poisoning our children, 300 young adults dying every day in America  from fentanyl poisoning brought across our southern border.  [[Page S1695]]    The data we received--and the briefing was given to us by the Border  Patrol, by local law enforcement, and the CBP--do not reflect a border  that is closed, far, far from being closed. It is a border that has  been erased by failed leadership in the White House.   Under the current circumstances, only 10 percent of the Border Patrol  agents are actually tasked with securing the border, only 10 percent of  them are doing the job they were hired to do. The other officers, they  are tasked with running the refugee camp, acting as nurses and social  workers.   But it didn't have to be this way; it doesn't have to be this way. On  every trip, I have asked the Border Patrol: What do you need? And in  past trips, they have talked about, ``We need more doctors; we need  more dentists; we need more help, more cooks.''   But this time, they didn't ask for more officers or resources. What  they specifically asked for were policy changes from this  administration. They asked for policy changes from this administration.  These are people on the ground. These are the people who have been  doing it--again, multigenerational officers whose fathers and  grandparents had patrolled these same borders. They asked for policy  changes.   Secretary Mayorkas has stripped them--the Border Patrol--of the tools  they need to secure our border. What they asked was to reinstate the  ``Remain in Mexico'' policy and end catch-and-release. It is that  simple.   This could be all accomplished with the President's pen. He created  this crisis. He can end it.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise in support of our CRA disapproval  of the Department of Homeland Security's public charge inadmissibility  rule.   Last week, I had the honor of leading a trip with several of my  fellow Senators to Brownsville, TX, to see the border crisis up front  and firsthand for myself--the border crisis created by Joe Biden--as  title 42 was coming to an end. We met a lot of people on the trip, and  I want to share some of their thoughts, some of their concerns.   We met a young former marine officer who said he felt safer in  Afghanistan than he did in southern Texas right now.   Local residents were bracing for the impact, with 170,000 people just  across the border waiting to come across with the end of title 42.  Families are gearing up to protect their families against the cartels,  very specifically.   We met a fifth-generation rancher who was leaving his family ranch  and moving his family into town, and even that night, he was teaching  his wife how to load a 410-gauge shotgun to protect their family.   We met officers. Many of these officers were multigenerational--their  fathers, their grandparents had served on the border--and they said it  was worse than they have ever seen in their lifetime.   Something new on this trip: We were told that 90 Chinese military-age  nationalists are entering illegally every day in South Texas.   As we all know, over 6 million people have entered the country  illegally since President Biden took office--6 million people. That is  twice the size of my home State of Kansas. Another 1.5 million people  have evaded apprehension and entered the country--``got-aways,'' as  they call them on the border.   Thousands upon thousands more continue to overwhelm the borders. I  think we all realize our immigration system is broken, but rather than  fix the problem, this administration continues to point fingers and  find ways to ignore or abuse our laws to provide pathways for illegal  immigrants to come here.   Many of the people crossing our border will get to roam freely  throughout our country. They leave our intake facilities with a cell  phone and a court date, a court date that is 4 to 5 years from the date  they entered. I think we are all kidding ourselves if we think these  folks will ever show up for those dates in 5 years. Despite breaking  our laws, they will be long gone, settled into communities across the  country. In fact, on our trip, law enforcement officers told me 90  percent of the migrants are not showing up for these court dates so  far.   Sure, they are going to seek citizenship down the road. There is no  doubt about that. And open border colleagues across the aisle will no  doubt call for amnesty for all of them. We expect President Biden will  support that. He has said that as much himself, broadcasting across the  globe that you can take advantage of the benefits we provide, despite  breaking our laws.   I think it is fair to say Americans have the most generous legal  immigration standards in the world, but we have to draw the line  somewhere.   Since the 1800s, our Nation has required foreign nationals seeking  admission to the United States to show that they can care for  themselves without becoming a public charge or burdening the taxpayers.   Most nations require you to have a job before you come into their  country. We just don't want you to become a public charge if you want  to become a permanent citizen. Being a public charge is a ground of  inadmissibility under our immigration laws.   Let me say that again. Being a public charge is a ground of  inadmissibility under our immigration laws.   Congress specifically directed the executive branch to consider  various factors when allowing people into this great Nation. These  factors include: age, health, family status, assets, resources, and  financial status, along with education and skills.   Indeed, as recently as 1996, Congress clearly declared in a policy  statement included in the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity  Reconciliation Act of 1996 that self-sufficiency is a basic principle  of U.S. immigration law and should continue to be a governing principle  in the United States.   Specifically, the Immigration and Nationality Act makes an alien who  is an applicant for a visa, admission, or adjustment of status  inadmissible if he or she is likely at any time to become a public  charge. The public charge ground of inadmissibility, therefore, applies  to aliens applying for a visa to come to the United States temporarily  or permanently for admission or adjust their status to that of a lawful  permanent resident, with some limited exceptions.   We need an immigration system that welcomes the best and the  brightest, but we need to limit the cycle of chain migration. Again, we  need some type of guardrails. While we open our hearts to asylum  seekers, we must also build a merit-based immigration system that  considers that immigrants' potential contributions to our economy, to  our communities, and our future. We don't want a system that rewards  idleness and reliance on taxpayer-funded benefits.   Under the previous administration, the Department of Homeland  Security issued a rule that would have required immigrants seeking to  remain in the country to be self-sufficient. But under President Biden,  the regulations have changed.   Now, my hope is to override the Biden public charge rule today with a  vote here in the Senate. The Biden administration's public charge rule  makes a mockery of the law and the intent of Congress to ensure that  immigrants are self-sufficient.   According to an estimate by the Federation of Americans for  Immigration Reform, at the start of 2023, the net cost of illegal  immigration for the United States at the Federal, State, and local  levels was at least $150 billion.   Again, since the start of 2023, the cost to taxpayers, $150 billion.   Now, this number is going to increase drastically if this rule  stands. Our resolution of disapproval would rescind the Biden public  charge rule and, hopefully, spur this administration to come to the  table and craft a solution that will ensure the self-sufficiency of  immigrants and protect American taxpayers.   I encourage my colleagues to vote to support this CRA of disapproval,  to introduce some sanity into our immigration system.   I yield the floor.   