 Madam President, we are here today to discuss the  resolution disapproving the DC Council's efforts to water down the  city's Criminal Code.   Now, some might be wondering why the Congress has a say in the DC  Criminal Code. The reason goes back to the founding documents of our  country. DC's very existence is in our Constitution, which calls for a  district not exceeding 10 square miles to be the seat for the  Government of the United States so that, while DC is a place where  people live and work, it belongs to the entire Nation.   Citizens from all across this country come here--students, for  example--to learn about American history. In fact, I was meeting with  some students just earlier today. Citizens come here to interact with  their elected officials. We are here today because the DC City Council  is trying to make this District--this constitutionally mandated seat of  government--a less safe place to be able to live, work, and conduct  business.   In the rewriting of DC's Criminal Code, DC is trying to make things  such as first-degree murder, carjackings, robberies, burglaries, home  invasions--it is trying to reduce the penalties for all of those crimes  at a time when the crime rate in DC is rising. For the first time in a  couple of decades, DC has seen 2 years of 200 or more homicides. Over  the last 5 years, carjackings have increased every single year. In  fact, in the first 67 days of this year, reported carjackings have been  at 100. Crime, year over year, in DC is up 22 percent, and the DC  police chief has said, when they arrest a homicide suspect, that  suspect, on average, has been arrested 11 times previously.   Now, there are smart ways to think about criminal justice reform, and  that is what we did in Nebraska back in 2015, but reducing the  penalties and being soft on crime is not that approach. Rather than  reduce the penalties for violent crimes, the city of DC should look at  what Omaha, NE--my home city--has done and how they have used community  engagement with the police force to reduce homicides. In fact, they  have reduced homicides in each of the last 2 years. This is common  sense.   We need to stand with law enforcement and respect their work to put  criminals behind bars. We need to stand with the law-abiding victims  and give them the justice they deserve, and we need to make sure that  government is fulfilling its obligation to keep people safe.   That is exactly what we have done in Nebraska. We have rejected the  woke politics of these soft-on-crime policies that reduce penalties. In  Nebraska, we back the blue. We stand with law enforcement officers as  they work to identify, investigate, and arrest criminals. As a seat of  government, DC's rising crime is a threat to all Americans and to  Nebraskans, which is why the House and the Senate have an obligation to  act.   I am grateful to my esteemed colleague from the great State of  Tennessee for introducing this resolution and for his leadership on  this issue.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this as well.   I yield the floor.   