 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I  also thank Representative Sherman for the articulate history of the  Marine Corps and also the articulate present of the Marine Corps  Heritage Foundation and the museum.   We don't get to where we are going in life without looking at history  and looking at the commitment of others over time to ensure that those  times when we had to use American force to preserve our freedoms and  the freedoms of others that the Marines were and are the force in  readiness. It is called the 911 force, ready to fight tonight. That is  who we are. That is our ethos, and we will always remain that.   This coin bill is just the tip of the iceberg for the next  generations as they hold that coin to understand what it means for the  United States to have the Marine Corps, but also what it means to a  young man or woman to become a marine.   By the way, marines are not afraid of work. In fact, we kind of pride  ourselves on the fact that we can get 25 hours out of every 24-hour  day. That is just the way we are.   Getting a coin bill done takes a lot of work. Unlike more substantive  policy bills, which require countless hours of research, meetings, and  hearings, a coin bill requires two-thirds of all the Members of the  House to cosponsor the legislation. By the way, two-thirds of the House  is a significant number of people--290, to be exact.   To highlight how high of a bar that is, since I arrived in Congress  in 2017, the House has seen more than 36,000 bills introduced. Of  those, just 0.72 percent of the bills have received 290-plus  cosponsors. We are in that top 1 percent, with the number of Members of  the House who got behind this bill. That is a big deal.   This was a labor of love on my part and, I am sure, on Mr. Moulton's  part. I enjoyed the literally hundreds of conversations I had with  fellow Members here on the floor to hit that 290 mark, to talk about  the Marine Corps and the huge benefits and proceeds of this bill, which  costs the taxpayer nothing but will provide revenue to the Marine Corps  Heritage Foundation.   In an attempt to educate some of my colleagues on the importance of  this bill, if they didn't understand the Marine Corps, I said: Just  remember, this bill is going to commemorate 250 years of tradition of  the Marine Corps unmarred by progress. They looked and said: Are you  serious? I said: Well, think about it. I just want your signature.   The bottom line is, when they stopped laughing, they saw how serious  we were as marines. We are all serious, but we laugh. Yes, we were  founded in a bar in Tun Tavern in Philadelphia. Yes, there were some  recruiters there probably making some outlandish promises, but on  November 10, every marine everywhere in the world does celebrate that  day in Tun Tavern.   The heritage center is located very close to D.C. It is in Triangle,  Virginia. It exists to preserve and promulgate the history, tradition,  and culture of the Marine Corps and to educate all Americans and all  who visit it on the virtues of what the Marine Corps stands for. As my  colleague said, ``Semper Fidelis'' is our motto. We believe it. We live  it.   After we pass this bill and it is signed into law, the next best  thing happens: The U.S. Mint will work with the Marine Corps Heritage  Foundation on the coin's design. Once the design has been approved, the  coin celebrating the illustrious 250 years of history of the Marine  Corps will be minted at the only facility where the United States  produces precious metals and commemorative coins.   There is a little irony here. It will be produced at the West Point  Mint aboard the campus of the United States Military Academy, the  preeminent institution for educating our next generation of Army  leaders.   By the way, one of my grandsons is in his second year at West Point.  I told him he gets a free tour of the mint, and I will buy him a coin.   Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, colleague, and fellow marine, Seth  Moulton, for starting the ball rolling here and for helping to get this  bill over the finish line, and Chair McHenry for his kind words in the  process.   Madam Speaker, again, I thank all my colleagues here in the House,  all the folks in the Senate who have made this coin possible because it  is the right thing to do for the country to show the young men and  women who will someday decide to become marines that it is worth it. I  urge all Members to support H.R. 1096.   