 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the ongoing  work within the Interior bill.   As the Representative for the Fifth District of Colorado and vice  chair of the Natural Resources Committee, I have long supported our  critical mineral independence, striving to roll back regulations and  burdens on this industry.   However, my background on the House Armed Services Committee and my  longstanding support of our national security causes me to caution  support of section 466.   Railroad Valley in Nevada has been used and cared for by NASA since  1996 as the world's premier optical sensing calibration site. The  Railroad Valley site is used daily to calibrate cameras onboard of  satellites that photograph the world daily. Commercial companies have  used this playa to provide critical support to satellites that monitor  the ongoing war in Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, and many  other critical needs.   It is for that reason that I am here advocating for the Railroad  Valley playa as a national security asset. According to a study done by  NASA, the capability this playa provides can only be found in four  sites around the world. Current and future needs of our commercial  space industry and intelligence community are strongly reliant on the  benefits this site provides here in the continental U.S. This is not  something we can turn to in other places because the other three sites  lie in China, north Africa, and Israel.   Additionally, NASA's study concluded that the Railroad Valley site  would be the best option in any case to provide the optimal sensing  calibration. It is important to protect the critical mineral rights,  but it must not come at the expense of our national security. We must  do both.   I thank Mr. Amodei and Chairman Simpson for their tireless work on  this issue and their commitment to our future work on compromise  language and protection of our national security assets. I look forward  to supporting the language that comes out of conference for the  Interior appropriations, and I urge adoption of the bill.    