 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment is going to return funding  for the General Services Administration, GSA, real property activities  of the Federal buildings fund back to fiscal year 2019 levels. It is a  modest cut of $12.7 million.   For context, this amendment would cut 0.5 percent of the entire bill.  I will repeat that: 0.5 percent is what this amendment proposes. This  is one-half of one percent.   This amendment returns spending for this specific funding back to  pre-COVID discretionary spending levels. To my colleagues,  discretionary outlays by our Federal Government totaled $1.7 trillion  last year, and last year's deficit was $1.7 trillion.   That means 100 percent of discretionary spending is borrowed from our  kids and our grandkids. That means 100 percent of all that we are  discussing these last many weeks is borrowed money. We have to start  cutting significantly.   Can we not go back to fiscal year 2019 as a start? Is that not enough  government that we experienced in 2019?   This amendment cuts a modest $12.7 million from a $5.7 billion  allotted amount for rental space that is not even being fully utilized  by our Federal agencies.   The Government Accountability Office, GAO, released a report titled  Federal Real Property Preliminary Results that show Federal buildings  remain underutilized due to longstanding challenges and increased  telework.   This report assessed 24 different Federal agencies' and departments'  use of building space. The review was conducted between January and  March of this year, long after the COVID-19 pandemic ended.   Mr. Chairman, 17 of those 24 agencies the GAO identified and listed  utilized only 25 percent or less of their headquarter building  capacity. Even on the higher range, these agencies only used between 39  to 49 percent of their headquarters on average.   For one agency the GAO did not name, GAO calculated that even if all  of its agency staff were physically present in its headquarters, only  67 percent of the facilities would be occupied.   The same report detailed that underutilized office space cost 24  agencies mentioned in the report $2 billion a year--$2 billion a year-- lost due to wasted office space, and that was only for maintenance and  operation costs. These agencies spend over an additional $5 billion on  leasing space.   At a January 2023 meeting between the Federal Real Property Council,  more than half of the participating agencies acknowledged that their  headquarter buildings had excess space even prior to the pandemic.  These are the headquarter offices. Not much less do we need to talk  about the satellite offices.   The GAO report also mentioned that all 24 agencies have reduced their  in-office work and have not returned to prepandemic levels because of  remote work.   Even before the pandemic, Federal agencies struggled to determine how  much space they needed to fulfill their missions.   Retaining excess and underutilized space is one of the main reasons  Federal real property management has remained on the GAO high-risk list  since 2003. For 20 years, GAO lists this problem among its high-risk  list. It is a 20-year problem.   The GAO high-risk list seems to identify and help resolve serious  weaknesses in areas that involve substantial resources.   More than half of GSA's leases, which account for 83 million square  feet, are set to expire between 2023 and 2027. Therefore, the time to  reduce this inefficiency must be now. This amendment can help achieve  that.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, let me reiterate that, this last year,  GAO said 17 of the 24 agencies that they surveyed used only 25 percent  of their headquarters office space. That means 75 percent of office  space in the headquarters of the largest agencies is vacant.   This is just returning back to 2019 levels. We are talking about $12  million in cuts for what the GAO says is a $7 billion problem.   For 20 years, they have been talking about this, so much so that it  has been on their high-risk list for years.   If we are going to account for a $1.7 trillion deficit, can we start  by cutting millions out of billion-dollar problems?   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   