 Mr. President, 5 years ago, I stood in this Chamber and  condemned the Saudi military campaign in Yemen. Today, I rise once  again to condemn the egregious violence that continues to haunt the  Yemeni people.   Last weekend marked the 8-year anniversary of the start of the  conflict--8 years of families being torn apart by war; 8 years of  children going without access to food, healthcare, and quality  education; 8 years of destruction that has caused one of the greatest  humanitarian crises since World War II.   The Republic of Yemen has been torn apart by multiple armed  conflicts, and, as a result, the Yemeni people have been caught in  between an internal power struggle as well as a regional proxy  conflict. Saudi Arabia has taken advantage of Yemen's domestic strife  and led a military campaign that has only heightened the conflict and  caused further destruction.   The previous conflicts, along with the current war, have collectively  eroded central governance in Yemen and left more than 24 million of  Yemen's 31 million citizens in dire need of assistance and protection.   I am proud that Michigan is home to the largest Yemeni population  outside of Yemen. The diaspora community is vibrant and has endured  harms that no community should have to.   The circumstances under which many have immigrated to the United  States is truly devastating. It is estimated that there are roughly 4.5  million displaced Yemenis as a result of this conflict, with a majority  of those displaced still in Yemen. Those that remain continue to face  food and housing insecurity, with over half of the total population  requiring humanitarian assistance.   We have failed the Yemeni people with our longstanding military  support for the Saudi Arabian military coalition in Yemen, and I  applaud--I applaud--President Biden's decision to end all U.S. support  for offensive operations in Yemen. We must continue to build on this  measure and ensure that the United States is in no way--in no way-- involved in the continuation of this war.   The failure of warring parties to come to an agreement to extend the  U.N.-backed truce demonstrates that this conflict is, unfortunately,  far from over. The United States must continue to leverage all  diplomatic tools available to assist in the peace process.   As we enter into the ninth year of this conflict, I encourage all of  my colleagues to reflect on the lives lost, the children who never got  to grow up, and the communities that will never be the same. The Yemeni  people have remained resilient in the face of extreme adversity, and it  is our responsibility to ensure that we continue to be strong partners  in providing aid and securing peace.   I yield the floor.   