 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I take this time to celebrate the success  of the Affordable Care Act. We just completed the open enrollment  period for 2023. Over 16 million Americans signed up for health  coverage under the Affordable Care Act. That is about a 100-percent  increase from the first year's enrollment in 2014. In less than 10  years, we have doubled the number of enrollees under the Affordable  Care Act.   It has contributed to a substantial reduction in the number of  uninsured, which, in and of itself, is an important goal in healthcare.  Uninsured individuals have less ability to access quality  [[Page S189]]  care in this country. That is something we all need to be concerned  about and do our best to make sure everyone has access to healthcare.   But they also contribute to what is known as cost-shifting, and it  causes a dislocation of healthcare facilities in the proper locations  in our community. It also makes our healthcare system less efficient.  If an individual does not have coverage for preventive healthcare and  diseases are discovered later, it makes it more expensive and less  likely a successful result.   We all can celebrate the numbers but recognize we also are taking a  big bite out of the uninsured medical population in this country. My  numbers in Maryland are very impressive: 180,000 Marylanders enrolled  in our State insurance exchange under the Affordable Care Act. That is,  by the way, for minorities, a 9-percent increase in the Hispanic  population and a 3-percent increase in the Black population. We are  committed to eliminating health disparities in America.   There are many provisions in the Affordable Care Act. I want to  mention one I am particularly proud of because I had something to do  with its creation, and that is elevating the National Institutes of  Health with the National Institute on Minority Health and Health  Disparities. We made it a full Institute under NIH. We set up an office  for minority health within the Health and Human Services Agencies. We  did this so there would be a focus on dealing with the systemic  challenges we have to medical care in this country. And the research  that is being done by the National Institute on Minority Health and  Health Disparities is cutting edge on reasons why we have disparities  in this country, and it is leading to corrective action being taken.   I will just give you one example: NIH UNITE Program, which deals with  incentives to create a more diversified workforce in healthcare, which  is critically important to access, as well as to make sure that  clinical trials include all of our population so that the results are  meaningful for all communities in America.   The results that we have been able to move forward in bridging the  disparities for access to healthcare in America, all this has been done  under the Affordable Care Act.   But we didn't stop there. We recognized we had to improve the  Affordable Care Act. I am very proud of the leadership of President  Biden and the Democrats in our initiatives under the American Rescue  Plan and the Inflation Reduction Act. We enhance the subsidies to make  it affordable for all Americans to be able to purchase their insurance  through the health exchanges. We made that a commitment so every  American could have access to affordable, quality healthcare.   We need to make those enhancements permanent so we still have work to  do. I want to thank our colleague Senator Shaheen for her leadership in  legislation, which I strongly support, that would make the enhancements  in the subsidies under the Affordable Care Act permanent so that we can  keep having these impressive numbers of Americans enrolling in health  insurance.   Americans are benefiting from the Affordable Care Act, not just in  having comprehensive, affordable insurance coverage but also the  quality of that coverage. No longer do they have to worry about  exclusions for preexisting conditions. It wasn't too long ago that just  about everyone in this country was concerned as to whether their  insurance coverage would cover their entire healthcare needs because  they had a prior episode sometime in their life. Women were concerned  whether childbirth was a preexisting condition. Well, we eliminated  that fear with the Affordable Care Act in that insurance companies  cannot exclude coverage or limit coverage based upon preexisting  conditions.    And as you recall, the leading cause of bankruptcy in America was  unpaid medical bills. But under the Affordable Care Act, we eliminated  lifetime and yearly caps on the coverage that you have--again, helping  American families deal with their healthcare needs.   There is still more to be done. I want to acknowledge that. We need  to do some things.   I want to say, first, that I was pleased that under the Inflation  Reduction Act, we were able to reduce the cost of prescription drugs.  Insulin, starting last month--January--was limited to $35 a month. That  was a game changer for millions of Americans to know they have an  affordable supply of insulin to deal with their needs. That has already  taken effect. And included in the Inflation Reduction Act will be a cap  on Part D out-of-pocket expenses of no more than $2,000 a year. So we  are also capping today the unlimited exposures seniors had on  prescription medicines.   I must tell you, we passed legislation--as I think everybody here is  aware of--under the Inflation Reduction Act, to start, by 2026, doing  something that most Americans would be shocked that we are not doing  today: negotiate prices with the pharmaceutical industry, using our  market share to bring down the cost of medicines so American consumers  are not gouged compared to the international marketplace. Starting in  2026, we will have negotiated the price, starting with the 10 most  expensive drugs in this country.   I want to mention an area where I think we need to do more. I have  been very much engaged in oral healthcare. Most people know that when I  came to the Senate in 2006, a year later, Deamonte Driver, a youngster  in Prince George's County, lost his life because he couldn't get access  to oral healthcare. I made that a crusade with my former colleague, the  late Elijah Cummings, in trying to do something about that. I am  pleased that both the Affordable Care Act and the Children's Health  Insurance Program require coverage for pediatric dental care. That is a  step in the right direction, but we haven't completed the needs that  are out there.   If you neglect your oral healthcare, you are likely to be neglecting  your general healthcare. It is an area where we can prevent a lot of  illness and problems. Most dental problems are preventable if you have  access to dental care.   I have introduced legislation that would remove any annual or  lifetime limit on oral healthcare under the Children's Health Insurance  Program, the CHIP program. I want to thank Senator Stabenow for joining  me in this effort. To me, this is something that is very consistent  with the Affordable Care Act, and I hope that we will be able to get  that passed.   But we also have to expand coverage. Medicaid coverage for dental  care is primarily determined by the States, and many States limit  coverage to emergency dental care, which means people, many families,  can't afford their normal checkups for the adults who are in the  family. We must do better as a nation. We need to expand Medicaid to  cover oral healthcare. And for the 37 million seniors who are on  Medicare, many cannot afford their dental annual visits. We need to  expand Medicare to cover dental care as well. I want to thank my friend  Senator Sanders for his leadership, also, on that particular issue. The  bottom line: Let us all work together so that we can achieve the goal  of the Affordable Care Act. We have achieved a great deal to date by  the passage of that bill, but we still need to do more to make sure  healthcare is a right and not a privilege and that every American has  access to affordable, quality care. Working together, we can achieve  that goal.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   