 Mr. Chairman, I rise today to voice my  strong support of H.R. 2670, the National Defense Authorization Act for  Fiscal Year 2024.   First, I thank Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member Smith for their  leadership throughout this process. I also thank my counterpart and  friend on the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, Ranking  Member   Joe Courtney.   This year's NDAA is a step in the right direction in strengthening  our national defense. The bill wisely rejects the Biden  administration's request to divest certain warships and aircraft, such  as the F-22 and the C-130, thus ensuring our continued superiority in  the near term.   Our servicemembers are the backbone of our national security, and  this bill supports our servicemembers with a 5.2 percent increase in  basic pay, the largest pay raise in over 20 years. It authorizes a  monthly bonus for junior enlisted members to counteract the effects of  inflation. This legislation also expands the basic needs allowance to  aid low-income servicemembers supporting families and extends military  recruitment and retention bonuses. Furthermore, it waives fees on the  TRICARE dental program for selected Guard and Reserve members while  strengthening oversight of the TRICARE pharmacy program.   The Fiscal Year 2024 NDAA also provides substantial cost savings and  reforms. It cuts inefficient defense programs, obsolete weapons  systems, and unnecessary Pentagon bureaucracy, resulting in a savings  of $40 billion for the taxpayers. These savings include significant  funds from the divestment of obsolete aircraft, decommissioning of  outdated ships, and cuts to weapons programs that have either not met  development milestones or experienced excessive cost growth.   This bill further increases financial accountability by penalizing  the Department of Defense for cost overruns on major defense programs  and requiring comprehensive audits of price and cost data for these  programs.   Finally, the bill provides assistance to the 8,000 servicemembers  discharged for failing to take the COVID-19 vaccine and gives them a  path back to service.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this.   