 Madam President, I would like to begin my remarks by  focusing on what we are debating and what we are not debating. We  really need clarity on this point of order and what it is about.   To be perfectly clear, what this point of order would do would simply  be to remove from the National Defense Authorization Act a nongermane  reauthorization of a surveillance authority--section 702 of the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Act--that has a well-documented history of  abuse.   Including the reauthorization in the NDAA, of course, violates rule  XXVIII of the Senate rules governing conference reports. This  particular provision was airdropped into the National Defense  Authorization Act, notwithstanding the absence of any predicate for  that provision either in the House version or the Senate version of the  bill, which, of course, the conference committee was created to iron  out. It was created to iron out the differences between those two  bills.   Because it was in neither version, the Senate Parliamentarian  correctly concluded that this is a nongermane addition to the measure,  and as such, it is subject to a rule XXVIII point of order.   What this means as a practical matter today is this comes out; it  comes out unless 60 Senators make a deliberate, conscious choice and  make that choice by voting to waive rule XXVIII. They would be saying:  Yeah, it is not germane. Yeah, it wasn't in the House version or the  Senate version. Notwithstanding that, we want it in there anyway.   For the reasons that I will articulate now, that would be a grave  mistake--a grave mistake on multiple levels. As I make that  explanation, I do want to clarify at the very outset what I am not  asking for, what is not my objective here. My objective is not to cede  our ability to collect the substance of communications from our foreign  adversaries under section 702 of FISA. That is not it. I am not trying  to make the whole program go dark.   What I am talking about is the fact that we need much needed reform  in this area because section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Act has been widely, infamously, severely abused over a  long period of time, to the point that, literally, hundreds of  thousands of American citizens have become victims of what I refer to  as warrantless backdoor searches.   What does this mean? OK. So the way it works under FISA 702: FISA 702  allows our intelligence-gathering Agencies to go out and scoop up  information--bits of information, recordings, phone calls, records of  things like texts and email exchanges, and other types of electronic  communications--and store them in a database. Insofar as those are  directed, as section 702 orders are supposed to be under the Foreign  [[Page S5951]]  Intelligence Surveillance Act, at foreign nationals operating on  foreign soil, we are not concerned about them.   The Fourth Amendment is not there to protect them. It is not there to  protect our foreign adversaries operating on foreign soil. No. It is  there to protect the American people, the American people against their  own government.   The Fourth Amendment has been around for a long time. It has been on  the books in the United States since 1791 when it was made part of the  Constitution. And it provides, in essence, that you are entitled to a  reasonable expectation of privacy in your person, in your papers, in  your home; that the government can't just come in and search and seize  your papers, your personal effects and communications--not without a  warrant, a warrant that has to be based on probable cause, evidence of  probable cause of a crime and that describes, with particularity, the  things to be searched, the items to be seized, and so forth.   While new to this country as a matter of U.S. constitutional law as  of 1791, it actually goes back a lot farther than that. These were  things that evolved over many centuries under British law--and with  good reason. So it was with good reason, it was on that foundation-- centuries of British common law experience--that we adopted the Fourth  Amendment into our Constitution. And it matters that we follow it. It  matters that we follow it in every circumstance.    And every American ought to be concerned about deviations from that,  especially whereas here, there is a pattern and practice of abuse, of  going after Americans' communications.   So how does that happen?   In a database that is full of communications collected on and from  and pertaining to our foreign adversaries on foreign soil, how do the  rights of American citizens end up being threatened by that?   Well, here is how it happens: When they collect all of this stuff--on  some occasions, foreign nationals communicate with friends, relatives,  business associates--I don't know--perhaps intelligence targets,  whatever they may be, who are in the United States, who are United  States citizens. So some of those conversations--by phone, by text, by  email, or whatever electronic means--end up being, as we say,  incidentally collected and placed into the 702 database.   One of the biggest things we are concerned about here is that on  literally hundreds of thousands of occasions, innocent, law-abiding  Americans have been subjected to what we call a backdoor, warrantless  search whereby someone at the FBI or another Agency enters in  information.   They know that Bob Smith has a certain phone number or a certain  email address or some other identifier; they know that Bob Smith is a  U.S. citizen; and they go in and they search for communications in the  702 database pertaining not to a foreign terrorist, not to an agent of  a foreign power outside the United States, not to a foreign adversary  in any way outside the United States, but to Bob Smith, the law-abiding  American citizen. In that circumstance, it is a problem. It is a  problem to go into that without a warrant.   That stuff is there not just for the government's curiosity. It is  there not for some voyeuristic, pleasure-seeking impulse on the part of  Federal agents. No. It is there to protect the United States of America  from foreign adversaries and to allow us to track our foreign  adversaries and what they are doing. And so in order to go into that  database, they should have to get a warrant.   Now, deep down, folks at the FBI appear not to disagree with that, at  least in the sense that they try mightily to convince us that they are  already preventing warrantless backdoor searches of American citizens'  private communications on that database. In fact, they have been doing  this. I have been in the Senate--along with my friend and colleague,  the junior Senator from Kentucky, we have both been here for 13 years.  The entirety of that time, I have served on the Senate Judiciary  Committee. The entirety of that time, I have questioned FBI Directors  and other people within the government, asking them about what happens  with this 702 database, particularly as it relates to private  communications that are stored in the 702 database of American citizens  and searches involving American citizens.   Over and over and over again, for 13 years, like deja vu all over  again, I get the same variation of the same set of answers: Don't  worry. You have got nothing to worry about. We have really good  procedures in the U.S. Government. We follow those procedures. We take  them seriously. We are professionals, and we will not mess with your  information.   Yet again and again and again and again, every single time they make  that promise, it is like it is a curse because it gets worse every  single time they say it. And every single time, I ask them more  questions designed to delve into what they are actually doing, and  every single time, including my most recent interaction with the FBI  Director, Christopher Wray, just last week, it becomes clear, on closer  examination, that they are not really stopping these things from  happening.   In fact, just last week, Director Wray had the audacity to tell me  that, no, this has all stopped now because he adopted some new  procedures--like I hadn't heard that one before--when, in fact, some of  the examples he pointed to were things that supposedly happened only  after he had adopted these procedures and all the bad stuff had stopped  after those procedures--it turns out, some of those things had happened  after he had adopted those procedures.   No surprise to me; no surprise to anyone who has followed this; no  surprise to anyone who understands human nature. And those within  government exercise power that doesn't belong to them.   So we shouldn't be reauthorizing this, not in the NDAA. Not only is  it not germane, not only was it not in the House version or in the  Senate version, Madam President, it is not even necessary.   Why? OK. When you look at the statutory text, the statutory text  adopted by the U.S. Congress in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act amendments of 2017, which I think took effect in early 2018, they  make abundantly clear that they were written in such a way as to  provide for this very circumstance, meaning the circumstance in which  we are approaching now, the scheduled expiration of section 702 of FISA  at midnight on December 31, on New Year's Eve.   So at the stroke of midnight--now New Year's Day--FISA expires. Those  who are in favor of waiving this point of order, disregarding the  Senate rule XXVIII that should require us to strike this unnecessary,  overbroad, and manipulative extension of FISA 702, they would have us  believe that Armageddon will immediately be upon us--dogs and cats  living together in the streets, the wrath of God, Apocalyptic stuff  like we never experienced. Why? Because FISA 702 will have gone dark.   The problem with that argument: It is not true. It flies in the face  of statutory text adopted by this Congress the last time we  reauthorized FISA 702. And that language makes clear that even if FISA  702 expires during that time period, because there was a certification  granted by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, known as the  FISC--and that was issued on or about April 12 of 2023 and those  certifications are designed to carry forward 365 days--we have at least  until the end of the day on April 11, 2024, before communications could  no longer be collected under section 702 because, again, we have the  certification that is in place.   That certification, together with the language that was passed the  last time we extended FISA 702, inadvisably--inadvisably--without any  major statutory reforms--but we did include that one--we made that the  case. So it is not going to go dark.   If Senator Paul's point of order under rule XXVIII succeeds, and if  we are able to thwart the effort to waive that--and it would take only  41 of us to do it, only 41 of us would have to stand behind that to  prevent them from getting it to 60 to waive it--if that happens, it is  still not going to go dark. It wouldn't go dark unless or until we  hadn't extended FISA 702 before April 11, 2024.   It begs the question: Why in the Sam Hill did we have to put this  thing in here if it wasn't necessary?   Well, I have a sneaking suspicion I know why some might hope that it  [[Page S5952]]  happens that way, for the same reason that it is not going to make 702  collection go dark as of 12:01 a.m. on New Year's Day. This measure,  the 702 extension buried within the 3,000 or so pages of the National  Defense Authorization Act, will give them a bright and golden  opportunity to make this not a 4-month extension of FISA 702 but a 16- month extension of section 702.   In other words, if you read through the statutory text that we  adopted the last time we reauthorized 702 and you wanted this to extend  and you wanted to make sure that we delayed and delayed and delayed the  period of time in which Congress would be forced to make a decision--a  decision could result in serious reforms to FISA 702--what would you  do?   Well, you would pass this very thing. You would waive Senator Paul's  point of order under rule XXVIII. And then you would probably wait  until April, I don't know, 10 or 11 of 2024. You would go back to the  FISC--the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court--and you would ask  for a new certification. A certification that would do what? Move it  forward another 365 days.   We would now be punting until April 2025, well after the 2024  election cycle had run to its end before having to address this. That  is what we are dealing with.   Now, let's back up a minute. Let's say that there are some within the  sound of my voice who might disagree with my interpretation of the  statutory text we adopted the last time we renewed section 702 of the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. They would be wrong because the  text is really clear, but let's just assume that for a minute. Let's  accept that premise for purposes of argument here. Even if that is the  case, we can still strip out this poorly written measure and replace it  with another freestanding measure, not adopt it as part of the NDAA-- one that I prepared, one that I am introducing, along with my lead  Democratic cosponsor, Oregon Democratic Senator Ron Wyden--that would  reauthorize section 702 until mid-March. It would reauthorize it with  instructions that say: If during that time period the FISC issues a new  certification, that certification may not be read to authorize further  collection under 702 if during that time period FISA 702 were to  expire.   This makes a huge difference because if we do it this way, rather  than through the National Defense Authorization Act, as Senator Wyden  and I have proposed doing, then we will actually have a force-moving  event. We will actually have a real opportunity for the House and for  the Senate to have an open, honest, robust, roiling debate about the  nature and extent of the abuse that we have seen under FISA 702.   And we will be in a great position at that point to adopt real  reforms--real reforms that would require you to get a warrant. If you  want to collect information specifically on Americans in this FISA 702  database, you need to get a warrant. You just do.   The government may not like it because governments never like  anything that makes it more difficult to do what they want to do, but  our law enforcement Agencies do it all the time. They do it because  they have to because it is the law, and it is the Constitution. We  don't deviate from that. It is bad.   Somehow these intelligence gathering agencies and the FBI think that  they are exempt when it comes to FISA 702. They are not. They should  not be. No American should be comfortable with that. Recent experience  and long-term experience have both taught us that there is a grave risk  in doing that, in simply ignoring it, in simply presuming that the  human beings that operate in this environment will always have their  best interest at heart.   And yet, they want to push ahead with this measure, saying that the  sky will fall. It will not. I am absolutely convinced, if we succeed  tonight--if Senator Paul's point of order succeeds and it is not  waived--I am confident that within 24 hours, we can and we will adopt  this freestanding measure to make sure that 702 doesn't go dark. Even  though it wouldn't go dark otherwise, even though we won't need it, we  are willing to do that. We are just wanting to clarify one thing, which  is that we still have to have this debate. We still have to have a  force-moving event in the next few months that works out the case, that  reforms the system, that requires the government to get a warrant if  they are going after an American. It is not too much to ask, not at  all.    We have proposals that are ready to do that. I have a bill that I  introduced with Senator Wyden, the Government Surveillance Reform Act.  There is a counterpart to that in the House of Representatives. It  passed out of the markup in the House Judiciary Committee just last  week. It contains these and other reforms, reforms about having to get  a warrant, reforms that would impose some consequence to those  government agents who abuse the system. And lest you think, even for a  moment, that these abuses are contrived, fictitious, or a figment of  our imagination--some sort of paranoid fantasy hallucination--they are  not.   We need to support this point of order. We need to not waive it.  Waiving it is lawless. Waiving this particular point of order would  contribute to more circumvention of the Fourth Amendment.   In the spirit of English parliamentarian John Wilkes, whose rights  under English law and the English Constitution were violated just  before Easter in 1763, he stood up to the government. He stood up to  the government. He stood up to the government of King George III, and  he said: No, you are not doing this. He sued the officers who had  carried out what was, in effect, a warrantless search of his home under  the use of a general warrant. In some ways, it looks a little like a  702 collection of a citizen. In other ways, it is different because  they didn't have the technology that we have got now, but the same  principle applied.   He sued the King and his Ministers, and he won a large money  judgment. He got all this as a result--and he was searched as a result  and he was jailed in the Tower of London for a time as a result of his  publication of a document known as North Britain No. 45.   North Britain No. 45 criticized King George III and his Ministers  for, among other things, using general warrants, warrants that  basically said go out and find people who did bad stuff, search them,  seize their papers, their possessions, them, if necessary, and make it  happen--no particularity requirement, no probable cause. Just go do it.   No. 45--a reflection of North Britain No. 45--quickly became  synonymous on both sides of the Atlantic with the cause of liberty and  with John Wilkes himself and with the cause against warrantless  searches and seizures and the use of general warrants, which might as  well be warrantless searches and seizures.   John Wilkes would be appalled by what he sees today. And the American  people, just as they heralded him, an ocean away, in the 1760s and  1770s, after this happened, just as he was celebrated all over England  by remembering him by the No. 45, they were celebrating him then too.   So, too, today the American people will be pleased because they will  have reason to celebrate that they are no longer subject to these  warrantless searches because they are wrong.   Once again, lest you be convinced, even for a moment, that this is  hyped up, it is not. Now, look, if you are comfortable with the  government, under the pretext of looking for foreign surveillance and  without any kind of warrant, let alone evidence establishing probable  cause, let alone something that would satisfy the particularity  requirement of the Fourth Amendment--if you are comfortable with the  government violating civil liberties of the American people this way,  if you are comfortable with them violating the liberties of at least  one sitting Member of the U.S. Senate--could be any of us--violating  the civil liberties of at least one sitting Member of the House of  Representatives--could be any of them, not sure who it was--with them  violating the civil liberties of protesters, both conservatives and  liberals, Republicans and Democrats, with them violating the civil  liberties of 19,000 law-abiding innocent Americans whose only common  thread was the fact that they all happened to have donated to a  particular political campaign, if you are OK with these and hundreds of  thousands of other egregious violations of the letter and spirit of the  Fourth Amendment, then, by all  [[Page S5953]]  means, you should feel free to go ahead--go ahead--and support the  motion to waive.   But if you are not OK with any of those things and don't think anyone  is immune from them--if you are not OK with any of these things--it is  illogical, it is irrational, it is insane to do anything other than to  oppose the motion to waive the point of order.   So I will close by asking the question: Why would they want to do  this? Those who are so dug in and making this even harder for the NDAA  to pass in the House--you know, because of the fact that they  airdropped this thing into the NDAA at the last minute sparked such a  controversy over there that they are having to bring it up under a  procedure known as suspension of the rules.   Suspension of the rules requires them to pass it with 290 votes  instead of 218. It would make it infinitely easier for this thing to  get passed and passed quickly over there if we just listen to Senator  Paul, if we just sustain rather than waiving, foolishly, the point of  order that he is making under rule XXVIII.   They are wanting to avoid not only changing 702 and making the  Federal Government answer to the people according to the U.S.  Constitution, they are unwilling even to face the music of this  debate--a debate that is long overdue, a debate that we should have had  and that should have culminated in reforms through legislation in 2018  but did not. And shame on all of us for not making that happen. Some of  us tried. We were overcome. But the American people are not going to  take this anymore, nor should they.   So if you are not comfortable with those kind of abuses--and I think  we should all be uncomfortable--with this sacrifice of liberty on the  altar of fear, uncertainty, doubt, and dogged secrecy, then support  Senator Paul--support him in his meritorious point of order and oppose  the motion to waive that point of order. The American people expect  more, and the Constitution demands it.    