 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary  Committee, Mr.   Jim Jordan of Ohio, and my colleagues, Mr. Diaz-Balart  of Florida, Mr. McClintock of California, and Mr. Green of Tennessee,  for working so diligently on this comprehensive border security  package.   This package will work to physically secure our borders; protect the  sovereignty of our Nation; protect the lives, livelihoods, the property  of current American citizens, those that are here legally, and give  hope to those from outside our country who seek to find a better life  here by restoring surety and sanity to the immigration process.   The ability of our Nation to continue to be the world's haven and  leader in both liberty and generosity is directly related to our  ability to first preserve the rule of law here, protect the sanctity of  America's geographic boundaries, and preserve the greatness of our  Nation from within.   Earlier this year, in a hearing in the House Judiciary Committee, the  El Paso county judge said explicitly and without reservation that there  was ``no crisis at the southern border,'' but the facts, the pictures,  the videos, and the personal testimonies of those on the border tell a  different story. Ironically, just last week, the mayor of the city of  El Paso declared a state of emergency for the city because of this  very border crisis.    For 2 years now, Secretary Mayorkas has told the American people that  the Department of Homeland Security has ``operational control'' of the  southern border. We know better.   Despite the administration sending 1,500 U.S. troops to the border  just in the past couple weeks, these actions are too little, too late.  More correctly, they are illusory in nature.   Though we do need additional personnel on the border, what we really  need is an administration with the resolve to simply enforce the rule  of law and put American families ahead of politics.   For too long, this administration has turned a blind eye to the  crisis at the southern border. They have not enforced the policies and  laws currently in place, and as a result, we have seen an influx of  migrants crossing our border and illegally entering the United States  over the last 2 years.   These eleventh-hour measures taken by the Secretary of Homeland  Security will sadly have little to no effect on stopping this historic  surge because there is no will, no resolve, and no determination by the  administration to stop this invasion.   That is why House Republicans today are going to take decisive and  historic action to do just as the American people need, and that is to  secure our border.   In East Texas, we see the direct and dire consequences of nonexistent  immigration policies. Many more outside Texas in the past couple of  years are beginning to see this, as well. Now is the time to take  action. Now is the time to act with courage and boldness. Now is the  time to pass H.R. 2, the Secure the Border Act of 2023.   