 Mr. Speaker, as a freshman Member, I haven't had as much  time to work with Speaker Emeritus McCarthy as some of my colleagues  have, but I am grateful for this year, working with him as part of the  California delegation. Just observing his leadership of the Conference  and of the House has really been something to behold.   I think it is clear to everyone that he is a once-in-a-generation  political talent. The millions of things that you have to do, large and  small, to build a majority, to manage the Conference, to run the House,  to exercise leadership on the national and international stage, he made  it look effortless and was always cheerful in the way he went about it.   I think that everyone in this House and across the country, whatever  their politics, recognize that he is someone who is a leader in a way  that transcends whatever position he holds, even a position as high as  Speaker of the House of Representatives.   When I think about what he has meant to this institution, I think  about the famous essay by Max Weber, ``Politics is a Vocation,'' where  he talks about the need to both have principles, but also to have a  sense of responsibility when you are in the political arena; that this  isn't just a philosophy class.   I think Speaker Emeritus McCarthy really embodies that sense of  political leadership, of being firmly grounded in your principles, but  also having an appreciation for the consequences of our actions and the  unique responsibilities that we have when it comes to exercising  political power.   It was also a great benefit to have a Californian leading this House.  I know that Kevin understands, as well as anyone, the challenges we  face in California. I know that he and our delegation will continue to  be a check there. I know he will continue to be in the fight to turn  around California and this country.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Speaker McCarthy for his service, which will be  felt by this institution for a very long time.  [[Page H6971]]        