 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, no one is  proposing lifting sanctions on Iran. This is a legislative proposal  seeking to solve a problem that simply does not exist. So let's make  that clear from the outset.   Second, the Biden administration has been incredibly tough on Iran.  Frankly, the Biden administration has drawn a lot of criticism from  people like me for not reengaging in the JCPOA. Instead, the Biden  administration decided to drive a harder bargain with the Iranians.   It is also not true that the Biden administration has not implemented  new and additional sanctions on Iran. In fact, just a month ago, the  Treasury Department announced the 13th round of new sanctions on Iran,  mostly relative to the brutal suppression of the protest movement  inside of that country.   And so it is important to get the record straight in terms of what  this administration's record has been on Iran. And it is also important  for us to not create some fantasy world in which the prior  administration's Iran policy was working.   President Trump's Iran policy was an unmitigated disaster. An  absolute disaster. Whatever you think about the JCPOA, there is just no  question that after we withdrew from the JCPOA, a set of very bad  things happened: One, Iran started shooting at American troops inside  Iraq and inside Syria, something that was not happening during the  Obama administration while we were in the JCPOA. Second, their support  for proxy groups continued to increase, including to groups like Hamas.  Third, they restarted their nuclear research program. They are now 1  month away from a nuclear weapon. And fourth, the coalition that had  been assembled to organize efforts to contain and to isolate Iran fell  apart.   And so let's not put a gloss on what was a disastrous Iran policy  under the previous regime. But as to the Senator's proposal, even if we  have disagreements on the JCPOA or on Iran policy, this proposed  legislation is just really bad policy. It is really bad policy, and it  will make American sanctions much weaker and much less effective.   Why is that? What this proposal suggests is that for Iran sanctions,  every time you lift or waive a sanction, you have to come to Congress.  Now, we have sanctions levied against, I would guess, thousands of  Iranian institutions, organizations, and individuals. And the purpose  of sanctions is to change behavior, right? It is not just punishment.  Sanctions are about delivering a consequence to an individual, an  organization, or a country for their bad behavior as a means of trying  to get them to change that behavior. And once they change that  behavior, the sanction is lifted.  [[Page S5033]]    That is why Congress, traditionally, does not require a separate  congressional review process, a separate congressional vote every time  an administration lifts a sanction because you need for an  administration to be nimble in applying sanctions and also lifting  sanctions because if a foreign individual in Iran or any other place  understands that in order for a sanction to be lifted not only does the  administration have to lift it but Congress has to have a debate and a  vote, it is no incentive to change behavior.   So I just think this is really bad policy. Whether or not you like  President Biden's Iran policy--and I do--whether or not you supported  the JCPOA, tying the administration's hands on sanction policy in this  way just makes the sanctions much less effective. I get it. The  Republicans don't like Joe Biden, and they don't like Joe Biden's  foreign policy, but this would be bad under a Republican President as  well.   I am very glad to work with my colleague on increasing the role that  Congress plays on broad foreign policy decisions, but I think that  there are some day-to-day administrations of foreign policy, like the  decision as to when to waive or lift a particular individual sanction,  that would become far too burdensome and contrary to national security  interests if Congress got involved to the degree that this legislation  suggests.   And so for that reason, simply because I think this is bad policy-- whether this was about Iran policy or Venezuela policy or Russia  policy, I just think it makes our sanctions policy much harder to  effectuate and ultimately makes our sanction regimes weaker, not  stronger.   For those reasons, I would object.   