 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 5692, the  Ukraine Security Assistance and Oversight Supplemental Appropriations  Act.   Everyone in this Chamber wants peace in Ukraine as quickly as humanly  possible, but there can only be a truly durable peace after Ukraine's  victory and after the defeat of Russia's invading forces. Victory in  Ukraine will also allow America's enemies to know that the price they  will pay for future unprovoked aggression is way too high. It will  deter Putin from setting his sights on a NATO ally next, and it will  signal to Xi that the free world is willing and able to show resolve in  the case of Taiwan.   With what amounts to just 5 percent of last year's defense budget,  U.S. security assistance to Ukraine since the full scale invasion began  has helped Ukraine seriously degrade Russia's military without putting  one U.S. troop in harm's way. This is why continued support to Ukraine  is in the U.S. best interest.   Unfortunately, President Biden has slow-rolled the provision of  critical weapon systems to Ukraine, from HIMARS to F-16s to tanks to  longer-range ATACMS. It is not wise statesmanship; it is weakness. This  failed policy is prolonging the war.   Mr. Speaker, we must demand President Biden send weapons to Ukraine  at the speed of relevance. We must fully utilize the available security  assistance authorities to support Ukraine's victory; not defund them.   The Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative has been funded by  Congress for years to support Ukraine against Putin's illegal  annexation of Crimea in 2014 and subsequent war in the Donbas.   In fact, President Trump used this same critical funding stream that  we are debating today to transfer Javelin antitank missiles to Ukraine,  reversing President Obama's failure to do so.   While supporting Ukraine, Congress must ensure that all U.S.  assistance is accounted for and every single taxpayer dollar is spent  with precision. That is why my bill also includes $20 million for  additional oversight of U.S. assistance to Ukraine.   I had the opportunity to speak with President Zelenskyy during his  recent  [[Page H4825]]  trip, and I emphasized the importance of this oversight.   It is also in the U.S. security interest for Ukraine to win as soon  as possible, and that is why I am asking my colleagues to join me in  supporting my bill to ensure that the $300 million for DOD's Ukraine  Security Assistance Initiative becomes law.   