 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Magaziner for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor for me to follow the Speaker Emerita  and Ms. DeLauro in offering my words of farewell to my good friend,    David Cicilline of Rhode Island.   I thank Mr. Pocan for allowing me to go first. It was very gracious  to allow me this honor to follow two such great Members who felt  compelled to come to the floor, to make sure that our friend,   David  Cicilline, knew how well he is thought of, what regard we hold him,  what esteem we hold him in.   I wish I could recount everything and to touch upon all that David  has brought forward into this institution, the ideas that he has  carried through his legislation could really fill up this whole hour  and that would be unfair to the other Members who also wish to come and  bid him an honorable farewell, but let me focus on just a few things:  One, it was a great honor to be on this floor the day after the Pulse  Nightclub shootings and to see David, along with the iconic John Lewis  and Katherine Clark, take action to not just be frustrated, but to get  into some good trouble. I was thinking that this moment needed to be  amplified and so I took out my cell phone and started to stream the  events when all the television cameras were turned off, the lights were  turned out, and it was an entire night of all of the members of the  Democratic caucus expressing their frustration at not doing more than  thoughts and prayers.   What happened at the Pulse Nightclub shootings touched the LGBTQ  community, which David and I are members of, and I watched with great  admiration at how David made sure to work with the Congressional Black  Caucus to touch that sacred 1964 Civil Rights Act and to work with them  to craft a bill that would add the words, ``gender identity and sexual  orientation'' to that sacred document which protects so many classes of  people in the United States and for which we still need to accomplish  this act.   I am honored and touched that David will entrust the Equality Act in  my hands to get it across the line. He can be sure that he will be on  the invitation list in the front row when the President of the United  States signs that bill into law.   Let me say as a final reflection that former Speaker Pelosi has  always talked about this being the greatest intellectual resource, the  Members, that is, the Members of this Congress are a huge intellectual  resource. Let me say that no more is that exemplified than in the  hearings that   David Cicilline held on antitrust.   Antitrust is a complicated, dense topic. He spent months, actually  years, pouring through the academic research and the views of law  professors to understand antitrust law in our country, and he brought  forward as witnesses the heads of Facebook and Google and contended  with great economic forces in our country, but all in the service of  making sure that average Americans have a chance at privacy, have a  chance for competition; that not all the resources will get sucked up  and not all the advantages are held by big corporate entities.    That intellectual resource, that ground work that he laid, I am  confident is going to work itself through this Congress because both  sides care, both Democrats and Republicans, care about this issue.   It was overshadowed by a much more attention-grabbing figure, and it  was frustrating to me that more of America, more of the media could not  pay attention to the important work that David Cicilline was doing.   Mr. Speaker, I could go on for a lot longer, but that would be unfair  to all the others here who want to pay their respects to a tremendous  Member of Congress. Instead, I say farewell to David and thank him for  his service, and I will miss him in this body.   