 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to  H.R. 3941, which is an inhumane, xenophobic messaging bill that seeks  to punish the local governments that are welcoming and supporting  migrants arriving from collapsing authoritarian governments to pursue  their American Dream.   I come from New York City, which has embraced, housed, fed,  vaccinated, and supported more than 80,000 migrants in the past year in  the finest traditions of the home of the Statue of Liberty and Ellis  Island, where my grandmother arrived in this country.    We in New York City are incredibly proud of being what my  distinguished colleague from New York refers to as a sanctuary city. I  wish all of America could be a sanctuary country in the finest  traditions of welcoming immigrants to our shores.   In the past year, there has not been a single violent incident at any  of the nearly 200 shelters housing newly arrived migrants in New York  City--not one. You tell me another community of 80,000 people where  there is not a single violent incident. I challenge everyone.   It is a remarkable feat, and it demonstrates these individuals'  desires, basic desires, to come and settle in this country and escape  regimes that are cratering in Central and Latin America.   Despite the excessive burdens on the city's infrastructure and  budget, many of the counties represented by the Republican sponsors of  this bill have refused to accept migrants, and now they are trying to  make it even harder to temporarily house migrants around the State in  places that are empty for the summer.   This is simply another attempt by my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle to demonize immigrants seeking a better life in this country,  a continuation of the effort to sow fear, division, and hate around the  country.   My colleague from New York is right. We are in desperate need of  immigration reform so that we can streamline and modernize our  immigration system, boost our economy, and secure our borders. However,  instead of using their majority to address our broken immigration  system, Republicans are putting forward a meaningless and useless bill  designed to scapegoat immigrants instead of solving our problems.   If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle truly wanted to  address the influx of migrants into our communities, they would work  with us to alleviate the financial strain on cities all around the  country. They would come together with us to allow these migrants to  work legally, which would not only allow them to support their families  but would help businesses in desperate need of labor from a workforce  shortage, would boost our economy, and, of course, would have the  benefit of helping our local governments.    Mr. Speaker, this bill is not about  protecting schools or children. It is the summertime, and the schools  are mostly empty. If Republicans truly wanted to protect our schools  and our children, they would instead focus on cracking down on rampant  gun violence in our schools.   Just this year, there have been 20 school shootings, and gun violence  is now the leading cause of death of children in America. Parents are  not worried about migrants in schools during the summer. Parents are  worried that their children won't come home from school. Republicans,  instead, do nothing to keep our children safe at school.   Mr. Speaker, you can put lipstick on a pig, but dressing up your  anti-immigrant xenophobia by invoking our schools does not change the  fact that this bill is, in fact, covered by mud. I urge my colleagues  to vote against this harmful bill.   