 Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1. It is  a very shortsighted, anti-science, anti-environment, and anti-family  bill.   Last week, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released its  synthesis report and reminded us how urgent it is that we transition to  a zero-carbon economy now. We need new clean energy, and we need it  fast.   There is an opportunity for Congress to engage on permitting and  transmission so new energy projects, especially clean energy projects,  can get up and running as soon as possible. However, instead of a  meaningful conversation, H.R. 1 is a sad regurgitation of the  majority's bill from the 115th Congress with attacks on the Inflation  Reduction Act.   Transmission conversations are completely absent, yet we know that  investment in transmission is key to our energy future.   This bill will repeal important programs to help Americans make their  homes energy efficient. These popular programs are already in motion to  help families lower energy costs, and this bill will take them away.   H.R. 1 reduces the fees and royalties for oil and gas development,  padding the pockets of oil and gas at a time when their record profits  are at an all-time high.   This is not about energy prices for American families but profits for  fossil fuel companies at exactly the time when the whole world knows we  need to move away from them as quickly as possible.   On the one hand, my Republican friends are so concerned with the  deficit that they are holding the economy hostage over their  brinkmanship on the debt limit. Then, on the other hand, they bring a  partisan bill to the floor that the Congressional Budget Office said  will increase that deficit by $2\1/2\ billion.   I implore my Republican colleagues to take the deficit seriously and  pass a clean debt limit. Please take our energy needs seriously and our  climate seriously and work with us on our transmission needs.   We are interested in the discussions. Our door is open when you want  to work with us to get things done and move past partisan messaging  bills that will be dead on arrival in the 60-vote Senate.   