 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   On October 7, the world watched in horror as Hamas brutally attacked  innocent civilians inside Israel, and I am glad to see that we have  bipartisan agreement on standing with Israel, standing firm against  Hamas.   However, I have major concerns when it comes Iran. Iran, the world's  largest state sponsor of terror globally, use fanaticism and extremism  to stoke instability in the Middle East to expand their influence and  threaten the existence of Israel and to threaten the United States. So  far dozens and dozens of attacks since October 7 have been carried out  at the behest of Iranian proxies in the Middle East toward U.S. troops.   The only currency that is recognized by the Iranian regime is  strength, something that the administration has not shown.   This attack, and Israel's valid defense of its sovereignty in the  wake of this barbaric invasion, is a wake-up call to the threats Iran- backed terrorist groups pose, not just to the Middle East but also to  the rest of the world. This is a watershed moment and it demands a  resolute response.   The United States must increase pressure on the Iranian regime by  denying it the access to the funds abroad. Deterrence is the name of  the game.   In August and September of 2023, the Biden administration facilitated  Tehran's access to $6 billion in oil revenues, sanctions that had  previously been placed on Iran as a signal of strength, waivers that  had been moved by the Biden administration.   As currently written, in H.R. 5961 the only thing that is being  frozen is the $6 billion of Iranian funds currently in Qatar. It does  not freeze other Iranian-sanctioned funds, such as the sanctions waiver  announced by the Biden administration last week which would allow Iraq  to send $10 billion to Iran.   The Founders intended us to have a system of checks and balances, and  that is exactly what my amendment would do.   My amendment would freeze all Iranian-sanctioned funds, not just the  $6 billion in Qatar. Additionally, it would prohibit the President from  using any sort of waiver authority, including licenses, guidance, or  FAQs to lift the sanctions.   As we have seen, we cannot trust this administration to hold fast, to  have a strong deterrent policy, and to send the Iranian regime a strong  signal.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Clyde), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa  (Mr. Nunn), my good friend and fellow Air Force veteran.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have remaining?    Mr. Chair, the failed strategy of appeasement has not  worked. Deterrence is what is needed.   President Biden must reverse course on his policy toward Iran to stop  terrorism from impacting us here. The system is blinking red.   My amendment strengthens this bill. It puts deterrence at the  forefront of the global stage. It restricts any money from going to  Iran that they would use to foment terrorism and chaos throughout not  only the Middle East but also here in our home.   Mr. Chair, our Homeland Security depends on this amendment and  depends on passage of this bill. I urge all of my colleagues across the  aisle here on the Republican side to support this amendment and to pass  this bill.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   