 Mr. Speaker, Scripture tells us ``Blessed are the  peacemakers, for they shall be called children of God.''   Our peacemakers make up the thin blue line that protects our  communities from crime, and they dedicate their lives to defending  innocent citizens from those who seek to do harm. It is of the utmost  importance that we honor the men and women of law enforcement and those  who made the ultimate sacrifice in this noble pursuit.   Former President Ronald Reagan once said: ``There can be no more  noble vocation than the protection of one's fellow citizens. . . . No  single group is more fully committed to the well-being of their fellow  Americans and to the faithful discharge of duty than our law  enforcement personnel.''   Law enforcement lives by a creed, to serve and protect. In the  performance of their duties, danger is a routine part of their job, and  we, on occasion, lose valiant men and women.   This legislation recognizes by name the 556 officers, 224 who were  killed in the line of duty in 2022, and 332 others whose stories were  lost until now.   Within this list are nine brave Mississippians who lost their lives  in service to their communities, including Meridian Police Officer  Kennis Winston Croom, who was killed in the line of duty in June of  last year while responding to a domestic violence call.   Officer Croom and 555 other officers are brave heroes who laid down  their lives to protect those they served.  [[Page H2328]]  Therefore, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.   It is legislation that would acknowledge that police officers and law  enforcement personnel, especially those who have made the ultimate  sacrifice, should be remembered and honored.   It expresses unwavering support for law enforcement officers, and it  recognizes the law enforcement community for their continual unseen  acts of sacrifice and heroism. It expresses condolences to the loved  ones of each of the officers who made the ultimate sacrifice to their  fellow man and gave their lives in the line of duty.   May God bless our peacemakers, and we ask His protection on them as  they protect us.   