 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution which would  overturn the Biden administration's reckless and aggressive emission  standard for heavy-duty vehicles.   As a businessman, I came to Congress to reduce the size and scope of  the government, and this administration's obsessive pursuit of their  rush-to-green priorities would simply devastate the U.S. economy at a  time when Americans can least afford it.   Democrats' radical spending spree has resulted in three in five  Americans saying rising prices are a financial hardship. Our people are  hurting, yet the Biden EPA is moving forward with a top-down regulation  that will significantly raise the cost of vehicles and any product  transported by truck, including food, clothing, building materials, and  other commodities essential to life.   In my district, I have many farmers who use heavy-duty trucks. If  implemented, this rule would dramatically increase the price of goods  and food. We are already hearing that from folks at the grocery store.   Last year, the Environmental Protection Agency put in place emission  standards for heavy-duty vehicles sold after 2027. By their own  estimates, the new standards would cause vehicle prices to skyrocket.   We are not talking about a small price hike here. It would be an  increase more than $2,500 for a Ford F-250 and an increase more than  $8,300 for new equipment on semitrucks.   The EPA projects the associated costs of the new regulation could  reach $55 billion over the lifetime of the program. I repeat, $55  billion. It would also force many commercial truck drivers out of  business. This regulation's cost of compliance is so high that owners  and operators of trucks would be forced to leave the market or keep  less safe trucks on the road.    Mr. Speaker, America simply cannot afford the wildly out-of-control  and out-of-touch priorities from this administration. I strongly  encourage a ``yes'' vote on today's resolution to overturn the Biden  administration's emission standard for heavy-duty vehicles.   