 Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Whitehouse for  his leadership on this issue--persistent, consistent, constant in  seeking the truth; very simply, seeking the facts.   We are here about the authorization of a subpoena to three  individuals--Harlan Crow, Leonard Leo, and Robin Arkley--who have  engaged in, we know for sure, a pattern of gift-giving, including  lavish vacations, private jet flights, school tuition, and even a  luxury RV. These wealthy political activists have given those  gratuities, we know for sure, but we know very little else because the  Supreme Court has no code of ethics.   The U.S. Supreme Court could defuse a lot of the degrading rumor and  speculation if it were simply to do as every other branch of  government, as every other judge except for the U.S. Supreme Court does  and impose a code of ethics. Its refusal to adopt a code of ethics lies  at the core of our reason for being here today.   But, in my view, these subpoenas are part of an effort to save the  Court from its own self-inflicted ethical crisis. It is an ethical  conflagration of its own making. The Supreme Court Justices are the  only Federal judges who are not subject to a binding and enforceable  ethical code, and that leads to the next point.   The Judicial Conference is a creation of this body, the U.S.  Congress. We are looking into what the Judicial Conference should be  doing and what it may know and should be held accountable for knowing.  Our investigative effort directly concerns a creation legislatively of  the Congress. It is perfectly proper. It raises no constitutional  issues.   All this stuff about the independence of the Supreme Court--yes, it  is an independent branch of government, but it is not nonaccountable.  Funds for it are appropriated. Rules of evidence are created. There are  numerous ways that it, in effect, is held a part of an overall and  overarching Government of the United States of America.   The small circle of individuals here who have engaged in these  gifts--all of them far-right, wealthy donors; some of them having cases  before the Court--raises issues that are profoundly important to the  credibility of the Court itself. So, again, we are seeking to save the  Court, in a sense, from its own potentially self-inflicted continuing  degrading and diminishing.   The fact that the polls show the Supreme Court has plummeted in  public opinion is not the reason for us to investigate, but they  reflect a secrecy, combined with these potentially improper gifts, that  is undermining the Court as an institution.   I say it sadly because I was a law clerk on the U.S. Supreme Court to  Justice Harry Blackmun--who, by the way, would not even go to dinner  with someone who might at some point in the future have a case before  the Court. I have argued cases before them, before the U.S. Supreme  Court. I have real reverence for the Court as an institution. So I am  especially sad but also particularly angry that the Court is failing-- totally failing--to take action that it owes the American people and  itself, because the Supreme Court as an institution will be diminished  by its continued refusal to create an ethics code and the refusal to  disclose the truth about these financial relationships. These twin  refusals bring us here today.    Authorizing a subpoena is not a step that I take lightly. None of my  colleagues do. But the weight of the Court's ethical crisis makes it  necessary.   The American people deserve a Supreme Court that is ethical,  impartial, and accountable. The highest Court in the land is not higher  than the law. It is not above accountability. It may be independent,  but it is not unto its own, as it seems to believe it is.   We are past Halloween. All of the charades and shams that have been  offered as arguments are about as valid as the costumes people were  wearing the other day, October 31.   The Supreme Court has a commitment and a promise under our  Constitution. It has to deliver on that promise or its credibility will  be further diminished, and the Supreme Court as a pillar of justice-- and it must be a pillar of justice--will be eviscerated in the eyes of  the American people.   I look forward to authorizing these subpoenas and helping to restore  the reputation of our United States Supreme Court.   I yield to my colleague from Hawaii, Senator Hirono.   