 Madam Speaker, it reminds me of Texas--in fact, it  reminds me of someone with whom I served in the Texas Legislature. He  was asked what he did there, and he said: ``Oh, I am not here to do  anything, I am just here in case somebody else decides to do  something.''   That is the approach of these extreme House Republicans. They have no  plan to protect our families from pollution or protect our planet from  the climate crisis. Following their seditious leader, Donald Trump,  they are just here to say ``no.'' For some reason, any time we have a  success that is green, it just makes them see red.   Democrats are choosing to stand with families that are concerned  about real health problems like bronchitis and childhood asthma and  cardiovascular disease that is caused and accentuated by pollution.   We need some heavy-duty action here today to protect our lungs and  the lungs of our planet. Yet, they object to even this modest heavy- duty truck rule--the first updating of this pollution standard in 20  years.   With their fossilized thinking and smoggy judgment, Republicans are  permitting our planet to overheat, and with this rule rollback, they  would ensure that we keep choking during the overheating.   As health-harming pollutants enter our air and bake, smog pollutes  our cities and endangers the most vulnerable. To prevent announcements  of yet another ozone action day, what we need is a little ozone action  right here in the Capitol.   When this truck rule takes effect, each year we will see tens of  thousands fewer cases of childhood asthma and fewer premature deaths.  Yet, MAGA extremists are not content with merely polluting our minds,  as they do across this country, they refuse to prevent smog and soot  from polluting our lungs.   Yes, life is a highway, but it need not be overwhelmed with health- harming pollution. Adopting a cleaner standard for trucks protects all  of us, but especially the most vulnerable, the young, the elderly, and  those with respiratory ailments.   You may remember a great musical that proclaimed, ``On a Clear Day  You Can See Forever.'' Not so much now. Not so often across America,  even in our smoggy national parks. Democrats and Republicans may not  see eye-to-eye on much, but we should be able to be clear on smog, it  shouldn't be a partisan issue.   Once upon a time, long, long ago, ``conservation'' was a conservative  value. A ``no'' vote is a breath of fresh air--a vote to keep soot out  of our lungs.   