 Thank you very much, Mr. President. I want to thank  Senator Murray and Senator Reed for leading us in this time.   I want to make two relatively brief points to add to the discussion,  and I will turn it over to others of my colleagues.   First, I understand that my Republican colleagues want to avoid the  question of Republican priorities. The fact of the matter is, an  Israel-only funding bill passed through the House of Representatives,  and attached to it was a massive giveaway for the richest Americans:  millionaires and billionaires who don't pay their taxes. So as we chart  the path forward for a bill that only funds Israel, we know, in the  House of Representatives, it has to be matched with a massive-- massive--giveaway for millionaires and billionaires.   I don't think you can ignore that fact that a large swath of the  Republican Party is using this crisis in Israel in order to deliver yet  another gift to the very small slice of Americans who don't need any  more gifts. There are 700 billionaires in this country who have more  net worth than 50 percent of all Americans. The rules are already  rigged in favor of the superwealthy. So the idea that we would  facilitate a plan in the House of Representatives to use Israel aid as  a means to continue to rig the rules in favor of those ultrarich  Americans, it is just incredibly distasteful, and it is a signal about  where the Republican Party priorities are today.   Second, I do want to talk about what Senator Vance and others talked  about, about the lazy precedent, referencing the sloganeering that they  accuse Democrats of engaging in.   So it is correct that what is happening today in Ukraine does not  have a modern precedent because never before in our lifetime, in the  post-World War II order, has a large nuclear nation like Russia invaded  another large neighboring nation with the purpose of annexation.   What Russia is trying to do is to fundamentally change the rules; to  fundamentally shift international norms that have been in place since  World War II. At the foundation of it is that big countries don't  change their borders through force, through aggression. It is important  to understand that these are the rules that have undergirded the last  70 years of U.S. growth and U.S. national security.   So we don't believe that we should support Ukraine because we just  believe that Vladimir Putin is Adolf Hitler. We don't believe we should  support  [[Page S5491]]  Ukraine to perpetuate some slogan about American greatness. No. We  believe that we have an interest--as the most powerful nation in the  world, as the nation that has benefited most from the post-World War II  order--to defend those rules because, if we don't, no one else will.   And it just strikes me that my Republican colleagues who have this  fatalistic view of what is going to happen in Ukraine just really view  America as weak, as impotent, and as powerless in the face of this  unprecedented aggression from Vladimir Putin. America's greatness is  connected to our willingness to stand up and lead at moments of crisis,  and this is a unique moment of crisis without precedent, which is why  it requires the United States to stand against Russia's aggression.   Listen, for thousands of years--and we know this because you read  about it in your history books while growing up--for thousands of  years, prior to the establishment of the post-World War II order, this  world was defined by state-on-state, civilization-on-civilization  violence and conflict. People labored under the constant threat that  their entire world would be ended by another one of these civilization- on-civilization conflicts. But this was back at the time when weapons  were crude--they were swords; they were bows and arrows; then they were  simple firearms. Millions died, but millions also survived.   We live in a very different era today where we, frankly, have to be  more worried--not less worried, not permissive and fatalistic--about  the consequences of reentering a world and a paradigm in which states  enter into conflict against other states. Why? Because we now live in a  world filled with weapons of mass destruction, not just nuclear weapons  but other highly sophisticated weapons.   So now this kind of conflict that Russia and Ukraine are engaged in  is the kind of conflict that can wipe out millions in a day. That is  why the United States of America has stood up for the post-World War II  order. That is why we have fought and sometimes died to maintain it.  And this is the most significant affront to that order--an order that  has protected this country; an order that has protected our economy; an  order that has saved millions of lives in our lifetimes.   It is hard. Ukraine's mission is difficult. In a short-term ``satisfy  me now'' culture, I understand that many of my Republicans get phone  calls from their constituents saying: If Ukraine hasn't won this war  tomorrow, I am not interested any longer. But this conflict matters,  and it matters that we stick with Ukraine, because if we lose--if we  lose--we are living in an entirely new world: The cap is off state-on- state violence. Pretty soon, America will be in one of those conflicts  with another nuclear nation, and we won't be talking about thousands of  Ukrainians dying; we will be talking about millions of Americans dying.   So I appreciate my colleagues for being here today. I think this is  as important as it gets. I think we really are deciding the future of  this world and the rules that govern it, and I join my colleagues in  objecting to this motion.   I yield the floor to Senator Schatz.   