 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, after a busy and productive time at home  for several weeks, I am glad to be back in the Senate as we kick off  the new year and a new Congress. After 2 years of Democrats controlling  both Chambers, the House and Senate, the American people voted for a  change in the midterm election. Voters sent a Republican majority to  the House and opted for a divided government.   With a Republican House, Democrats, of course, will no longer be able  to abuse the budget reconciliation process to circumvent the normal  legislative process, which means the end to partisan spending bills.  They will have no choice but to work for common ground and to move  legislation through what we call regular order around here, which means  by the rules.   While there is a lot we need to do in the coming months, one of our  top priorities must be the humanitarian and security crisis at the  southern border. This crisis has been raging since President Biden took  office 2 years ago. Day after day, month after month, migrants have  crossed the border in unprecedented numbers.   Over the years, we have seen migration surges at different times, but  nothing like this. The scale and the immensity of this crisis are  unprecedented.   Last month, U.S. Customs and Border Protection encountered more than  250,000 migrants at the southern border. That is the back door to my  State, the State of Texas. A quarter of a million people in a single  month--that is a new record and a shocking number.   To put that in perspective, Customs and Border Protection encountered  more migrants in November and December last year than it did in all of  2017--more in 2 months, the last 2 months of last year, than it did in  the entire year of 2017.   Those figures tell you a lot, but no words can accurately capture  just how complex and challenging the situation at the border truly is.  To understand what is happening on the ground, you need to show up. You  need to see it firsthand, and you need to listen and learn from the  experts and the people who are dealing with this day in and day out.   I have traveled to the border many, many times over the last few  years, as this crisis has gotten worse. I have spoken with the law  enforcement officials who have taken an oath to uphold and enforce our  laws, the nonprofits--groups like Catholic Charities, which provide  humanitarian services--local officials, mayors, and county judges, who  are responsible to their own taxpayers for providing services that are  overwhelmed by the sheer numbers of people coming across the border.   Then there are private landowners who find that their fences are  knocked down, their properties are trashed, and that people trespass  upon it at will.   Then there are the small business owners that depend on the foot  traffic that frequently comes back and forth across the border and  countless others who are impacted by the current border crisis.   Of course, these are exactly the kinds of people you might want to  talk to if you actually had an interest in learning more about what the  problem is and fashioning some kind of solution.   I was happy to introduce these experts to a bipartisan group of my  Senate colleagues a couple of weeks ago. Both of us representing border  States, Senator Sinema, the Senator from Arizona, and I have had what  you might call an exchange program between our two States.   A couple of years ago I visited Tucson, AZ, and Senator Sinema, in  turn, visited the Rio Grande Valley for a series of briefings. The  first thing that jumps out at you is that the border is big--2000  miles. It covers a lot of territory, and it varies a lot, depending on  whether you visit urban areas like El Paso or rural areas like Yuma,  AZ.   That is why, while I am happy that President Biden finally went to  the border in El Paso, briefly, I know he could not have gotten a full  awareness of the challenges that the current crisis, as a result of his  open border policies, presents.   Nevertheless, seeing two very different border crossings was valuable  to both Senator Sinema and myself, and we decided it was time to share  that information with our colleagues. So we invited several of them to  join us. In total, there were eight of us--eight Senators on the trip.  On the Republican side, we had Senators Tillis, Lankford, Moran, and  myself. On the Democratic side, we had Senators Kelly, Murphy, and  Coons.   Actually, now that Senator Sinema has declared herself as an  Independent, she said that this was not a bipartisan trip but a  tripartisan trip.   We spent a day in El Paso, speaking with law enforcement and local  stakeholders. In recent months, the city of El Paso has been ground  zero and overwhelmed by the influx of migrants. It doesn't have the  capacity--no border community does--to care for the tens of thousands  of people coming across the border daily or the infrastructure to house  them or to transport them safely to other locations.   Fortunately, at least in the near term--and it tends to go in waves,  up and down--most recently, the pace in El Paso has slowed down, but  some of the sidewalks downtown are still lined with makeshift tents and  sleeping bags--migrants camping out in the city, nowhere to go, waiting  for their next meal and waiting for some place warm to be able to  sleep.   We heard about the tremendous burden this crisis has placed on law  enforcement at all levels. You can imagine it. They are already  understaffed, and now they are overwhelmed.   We heard about the growing strain on the nongovernmental  organizations and the cities, as they try to mitigate this crisis.   Again, this is a crisis of the President's own making, as a result of  his open border policies and the failure to enforce our immigration  laws.   We heard from business leaders who depend on customers coming to  their business, as well as other local stakeholders, about the larger  impact this crisis has had on the El Paso community and the southwest  border region, especially the effect it has had on legitimate trade and  travel, which are vital to the region's economy.   I don't know if most nonborder-State Senators understand it or not,  but we have the largest land port in America in Laredo, TX. They have  somewhere between 14 to 16,000 trucks a day come across the border for  legitimate trade and commerce. Obviously, that legitimate trade and  commerce that creates a lot of jobs all across America are impeded by  this vast influx of humanity that are coming currently as a result of  the nonenforcement policies of the administration.   The day after we visited El Paso, we traveled to Yuma, AZ. And, if  you are looking at a map of Arizona, it is in the southwest portion of  Arizona, just right next to California, at the very southern-southwest  tip of Arizona.    Yuma, AZ, is an agricultural community, by and large--a small town,  not a lot of infrastructure, not a lot of hospitals, schools, or other  places for migrants to be taken care of when they come to the border.  So it is no surprise that the Border Patrol there in Yuma, AZ, a little  small town on the southwestern border of Arizona--the Border Patrol  agents--are strained, security missions are taking a hit, and it has  become even more challenging to process and care for the volume of  migrants they see coming across the border.  [[Page S47]]    Now, lest anybody think that illegal immigration is just related to  Mexico and Central America, people fleeing poverty and violence, the  acting Border Patrol chief in the Yuma sector told us that, in that  sector alone, they encountered migrants speaking 200 languages, from  176 countries--this little sleepy town in southwest Arizona, people  speaking 200 languages, from 176 countries.   Well, you might ask: How is that possible? Where are these people  coming from? I thought they were all coming from Mexico or maybe even  Central America.   Well, it just so happens that there is a major city just south of  Yuma, AZ, in northern Mexico, called Mexicali, and what we are seeing  is international human smuggling operations flying people into Mexicali  and then turning up in Yuma and claiming asylum--again, overwhelming  the capacity of this small little border town to be able to deal with  these huge numbers--and people, frankly, abusing the asylum system,  which is supposed to be people fleeing from persecution.   There are people with Gucci luggage coming across the border and  claiming asylum, knowing that, because of the broken asylum process,  they will be transported into the interior of the United States and  given a notice to appear for a future court hearing. But because of the  backlog of the immigration courts, it will be literally years before  they are notified to show up.   If they do show up, 90 percent of them will be unsuccessful in  obtaining asylum. But the fact is they don't, which should be a  surprise to no one.   Well, as I said, I have learned a lot from the experts on the ground,  and I hope our colleagues, our bipartisan delegation of Senators, did  as well.   I appreciate the Senators who took the time to visit El Paso and  Yuma, and I know all of us appreciate the men and women on the  frontlines who took time out of their busy schedules, already  overwhelmed by this humanitarian crisis and border security crisis.  They took the time to talk to us, hoping--just hoping--that we might be  able to do something to help them.   Now, eight Senators--it won't surprise you--have different views and  ideas about how to solve the crisis. Standing together along the border  doesn't mean we agree on everything, but it does mean that we are  interested in finding solutions. There are conversations occurring in  the House and the Senate, and Members from both sides of the aisle are  floating a range of ideas to address the crisis.   There are some bipartisan conversations occurring, including Senator  Sinema from Arizona and Senator Tillis from North Carolina, and I am  glad they are working on this, and I am eager to see what they come up  with.   As we all know, President Biden has shown that he is completely  unwilling to use his current authorities to secure the border. And the  truth is, he has plenty of authorities but refuses to do his duty and  enforce our laws.   So it is time for Congress to take action. Of course, that is  something that is easier said than done--535 of us, 435 in the House  and 100 in the Senate. It is not easy to get everybody--or at least a  majority--on the same page, and we have the new reality of divided  government, as I said earlier. But we do have within our capacity the  ability to try and to achieve consensus and the art of the possible.   I know it is going to be a huge reach, a steep hill--pick your  metaphor. It is going to be hard because the Democratic majority in the  Senate has a very different approach than a Republican majority in the  House. But we have to be realistic about what can pass the House and  earn 60 votes in the Senate. A bill that will pass only one Chamber  won't accomplish anything in dealing with this crisis.   Of course, at this moment, the border crisis is consuming all the  oxygen in the room, but this must be addressed before we will be able  to come to an agreement on any other immigration reforms. It is a  prerequisite, a foundation, for any larger agreement. The million- dollar question is, What will that look like?   As my colleagues and I saw a couple of weeks ago, one of the biggest  challenges is processing and holding capacity. This is a feature of the  current catch-and-release policies of the Biden administration. It is  not a bug. It is a feature of their catch-and-release policies, and it  is being exploited daily by the criminal organizations that continue to  get rich smuggling people and drugs across the border.   Our system simply was not designed to keep up with the influx of this  many people crossing the border every day. As a result, Border Patrol  agents told us that they are being shifted from the frontlines to  process people in the back office, leaving huge security gaps--fully 40  percent, in some instances, of the border left unprotected because the  Border Patrol has to process the migrants, and they have to leave the  frontlines to do so, which means that the drug smugglers have an  opening, which they exploit on a regular basis, to move illegal drugs  into the United States.   Cartels are using these corridors to traffic fentanyl and other  dangerous drugs into the country--the drugs that took the lives of  108,000 Americans last year alone. One hundred eight thousand Americans  died due to drug overdoses from drugs almost entirely coming across the  southwestern border.   You wonder what it will take to get people's attention, to wake up to  this public health hazard, this public safety hazard, this humanitarian  and national security crisis.   At the same time, migrants with weak and even frivolous asylum claims  are being released into the country to await a court date that is years  down the line. As I said, many are no-shows, having successfully made  it into the United States without any legal right to immigrate. That  has got to change.   We also need to strengthen border security, which I would define,  again, based on learning from Border Patrol and other experts along the  border--border security requires a combination of personnel,  technology, and infrastructure. That includes appropriately located  barriers, fences, levees. It includes sensors, cameras, roadways, and  more agents to prevent dangerous people and dangerous substances from  entering our country. A safe and secure border relies on all of these  elements.   It is clear that Congress needs to invest in more resources, but more  than that, in correct policies so that immigration across our border  will be safe, orderly, humane, and legal.   This movement of masses of humanity--250,000 a month--handled by the  human smugglers and by the cartels who are getting rich--this is not  good for anybody. It is not good for the migrants, who are viewed as a  mere commodity--many of whom are left to die. Many young girls and  women are sexually assaulted en route because these cartels don't view  them as human beings; they view them as a commodity, something they can  trade for money.   Well, there are a range of other reforms that I am looking at as we  try to find our way toward a solution. I am open to hearing from anyone  who has an idea, and I hope we can have a serious debate and solutions  here in Congress.   What the President saw in El Paso was a snapshot of a sanitized  border. I have no illusions that he has any depth of understanding  about the complexity of what we are dealing with there, but I am glad  he finally showed up after 2 years.   Given a Republican majority in the House and a Democratic majority in  the Senate, we need to be realistic about what it is we might be able  to accomplish. But, again, this is all about what somebody has called  the art of the possible. That is what legislating is all about. But the  fact is, there is an unprecedented humanitarian and security crisis at  the southern border, and it is past time for Congress to do something  to address it.   I yield the floor.   