 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to talk for a few minutes today  about elementary and secondary education, more specifically about  school choice. School choice is inextricably related, in my opinion, to  social justice. Put another way, I just don't understand how one can be  a fairminded person and believe in social justice but not support  school choice.   In Congress, of course, we seem to face a new crisis every week, and  while we need to respond to them, I think it is important that we not  lose sight of what I call the foundational issues that ensure that our  country is free and democratic and aspirational and prosperous for our  children and our grandchildren. One of those issues, one of those  foundational issues, is education.   Right now, the American people are focused on the border, which is an  open, bleeding wound; they are focused on inflation; they are focused  on crime; they are focused on turmoil abroad. I don't blame them, as we  need to be focused on those things, but while we focus on those things,  it is a fact that the quality of our students' elementary and secondary  education has been steadily slipping, steadily slipping. And it is  clarion clear. Unless you have been living in your parent's basement,  it is clarion clear that the status quo of education in America isn't  setting our kids or our country up for success. I take no joy in saying  that, but sometimes you can't look reality in the eye and deny it; you  have to admit it.   Here are a few examples of how America's and Louisiana's pre-K to 12  students are falling behind. The numbers are the numbers: Math and  reading scores among American 13-year-olds are at their lowest levels  in decades. That is not my opinion. That is according to the National  Assessment of Educational Progress. As the Presiding Officer knows,  that is a study done annually, known as ``The Nation's Report Card.''  On ``The Nation's Report Card,'' just 35 percent of American fourth  graders--35 percent--are proficient in math. Only 32 percent of  American fourth graders are proficient in reading.   American students are slipping globally as well. In 2008, the IMD  World Competitiveness Center ranked American students first in the  world. By 2023, the United States had slipped to 10th overall. In  science, American students ranked 11th. In math, American students  ranked 30th.   In Louisiana, I regret to say that roughly half of my students in  Louisiana in grades K through 3 are not reading at the grade level-- half. Only one-third of my kids in grades 3 through 12 are at grade  level in the four subjects that the Louisiana Educational Assessment  Program--we call it LEAP--tests. In fact, we have, in Louisiana, 24  school systems--24--in which fewer than a quarter of our students-- fewer than a quarter--have proficient LEAP exam scores.   Now, I have said this before on the Senate floor, and I am going to  say it again: The American people can do extraordinary things. We can  unravel the human genome; we can take a diseased human heart and  replace it with a new one and make it beat; we can send a person to the  Moon. But we can't seem to figure out how to teach our children how to  read and how to write and how to do math when we have 18 years to do  it. And there is no excuse because all children can learn.   I know it is complicated, and there are a multitude of reasons why  our children may be struggling. For over 15 years, I have been a  volunteer substitute teacher in our public schools. I went to a public  school. In Louisiana, we need substitutes so badly that they will even  take politicians. I try to do it three times a year--sometimes more,  sometimes less. Every time, I learn, but I am always reminded every  time I substitute teach of the fact that it is much, much harder today  to be a teacher than when I was in a public school and that it is also  much, much harder today to be a kid. So I have some understanding of  the challenge.   The evidence is also clear now that closing schools during the  pandemic made matters a lot worse. We in America made a mistake. Some  States did better than others, but most of them got it wrong. But, you  know, we can't keep blaming things on the pandemic. It has been a few  years since our schools reopened, and our scores are nowhere near where  they need to be. The truth is that pre-K to 12 education in America and  in Louisiana was in trouble well before the pandemic, and we all know  that. Yet leaders in many States remain hesitant, to say the least, to  change anything--anything--about our public school system.   We have all heard the famous definition of ``insanity.'' The  definition of ``insanity'' is doing the same thing over and over again  and expecting to get a different result. It is a cliche. Cliches become  cliches because they are true. We need to follow the law of holes: When  you are in one, stop digging. When you are in one, stop digging. We  need to stop making excuses about pre-K through 12 education; and we  need to stop doing things that don't work and then doing them again.  You can't expect to fix a broken status quo--to magically fix it--and  to magically fix our broken schools and equip struggling students if  you keep doing the same thing.   The fact--the unhappy fact, the miserable fact--is that too many of  our schools in America and in Louisiana are failure factories--they are  failure factories--where violence is common and learning is rare.   But there are a few States that are bucking the status quo, and they  are doing it in part by adopting school choice programs. So far, they  have seen a lot of success.   School choice programs--``school choice,'' I realize it is a broad  term--school choice programs can take many different shapes, but they  all boil down to one thing, one foundational principle: Parents should  be allowed to take their kids out of failing schools. Parents should be  allowed to take their children out of failing schools and put them in  schools that can help those children thrive and certainly do better. It  is not complicated.   You know, American parents today, they can go to the grocery store,  and they can choose from 40 different--maybe more but certainly 40  different breakfast cereals to feed their child in the morning, but in  many States, those parents have absolutely no control over which school  their child can attend.   Children are stuck in schools, too many of them assigned by their  parents' ZIP Code, and there is little that most parents--too many  parents--can do to change that even though it is  [[Page S5522]]  patently absurd to force children to attend failing schools when  parents could enroll those kids and invest the money that pays for  their education in better schools. That is where school choice comes  in.   In practice, schools facilitate, they implement school choice by  tweaking how they fund school systems.   For those of you who are unfamiliar with school funding schemes, most  public schools have three main sources of funding: Federal dollars,  State dollars, and local dollars. The exact breakdown of that money  varies by State and by school system. In Louisiana, for example, the  average school district gets about 11 percent of its money from Federal  funding, 44 percent of its money from the State, and another 45 percent  from local government, so 11, 44, and 45.   Local dollars typically stay with the school system in a particular  town or parish. We call our counties parishes. But officials, public  officials in Louisiana, have the right and the ability to allocate  those State and Federal dollars the way they want to.   When States adopt school choice policies--here is how it works-- parents typically get to decide which school will receive their child's  share of State and Federal funding. The local dollars stay local, but  parents can redirect the Federal and the State money.   There are two ways in which States that implement school choice  reallocate that money, the Federal and the State dollars. The first is  education savings account, and the second is--you have heard of it-- vouchers.   Education savings accounts are government-funded savings accounts  that take all or a portion of the Federal and State dollars allocated  to each student and give it to parents to use for their kid's  education. Parents can use the money a multitude of ways. They can use  the money to pay for tutors, to purchase textbooks for homeschooling.  Parents can use the State and Federal money to subsidize private school  tuition. If a student and a parent have money left over when the  student graduates from high school, that student can even use the  funding to help pay for college. It is called an education savings  account.   Other States use a voucher system. Under a voucher system, parents  typically do not receive money directly. Instead, they get to choose.  They tell the school system which school their child is going to go to  and tell the school system to send the Federal and State money to that  school. So the money follows the children. The parents can take that  voucher to a traditional public school. The parents can take that  voucher to a private school to pay private school tuition. The parents  can take that voucher to enroll the kids in a charter school they would  like.   Charter schools, as you know, are tuition-free, publicly funded  schools that operate independent of the State. Rather than taking  marching orders from the government, charter schools are able to design  their own curriculum and their own standards to help meet the needs of  each student.   So whether it is through vouchers or education savings accounts,  States that have embraced school choice have steadily climbed the ranks  as the best States in this country for elementary and secondary  education. That is just a fact. Look it up.   Take Florida for example. Florida has had school choice for a long  time--decades. It is not mandatory, but it is an option. A lot of  parents love that option, and they use it. Graduation rates in Florida  have steadily increased year after year after year. Florida's fourth  graders rank third in the country in reading and they rank fourth in  the country in math according to ``The Nation's Report Card.'' Other  pro-school-choice States, including Iowa, North Dakota, and Utah, to  mention a few, have all landed in the top 10 States on ``The Nation's  Report Card.''   School choice works.   Even States that have traditionally struggled with respect to  education are seeing improvements. Take Louisiana's neighbor,  Mississippi. Mississippi overhauled its pre-K to 12 system in 2013 to  help parents get their kids out of failing schools. The State  implemented a voucher program for kids with dyslexia and low-income  students to ensure that parents could find a successful school that  would meet their children's needs.   Mississippi also implemented a law requiring schools to hold back  students who cannot read at grade level in the third grade and give  them additional instruction. In other words, if you are in the third  grade and after several chances, you can't read at grade level, you are  not socially promoted to grade 4. You are kept in the third grade until  you can read, because kids drop out of high school in the third and  fourth grade. If they can't read, they have no chance.   Since Mississippi did all of this in 2013, Mississippi has jumped  from 50th in education to 35th. In 2023, student achievement levels  reached an alltime high in Mississippi. Graduation rates climbed from  75 percent in 2011 to 87 percent by 2020--well above the national  average. Mississippi managed all of this growth--all of this growth-- while spending less money per student than all but four States. It is  not just money; it is how you spend it.   This year, we are doing better in Louisiana. This year, Louisiana  followed the lead of Mississippi, and we passed a law called HB12--I  have talked about it on the floor--to ensure that all third grade  students can read at grade level before they can move on to the fourth  grade. Fortunately--and I thank him for doing it--Governor John Bel  Edwards did not veto the bill. I was afraid he would. He signed it into  law, and I want to thank him for that.   But when it comes to school choice, Governor Edwards has opposed it  at every turn--every turn. He blocked two bills last year that would  have established voucher programs for my kids in Louisiana. If those  two bills had passed, parents of students with special needs or  students who could not read at grade level by the third grade could  have taken their State money, the State-funded education dollars--not  the local, the State dollars--to a different school that could better  address those children's needs. But the Governor opposed the bills, and  they didn't make it.    Those bills would have provided a lifeline to parents--a lifeline to  parents--who were desperate and still are desperate to help their  children succeed in school, but Governor Edwards opposed it. He opposed  allowing these parents to find better alternatives for their children.   The good news is that Louisiana is about to have a new Governor, and  the good news is that Louisiana is about to have a brandnew  legislature. I can't speak for our new Governor, but I know our  legislators. I have supported many of them. We made some wholesale  changes. I hope my friends in the Louisiana Legislature are anxious and  eager and enthusiastic about giving parents, finally, the power to  remove their children from failing schools.   Parents overwhelmingly support school choice. In Louisiana, 75  percent of parents with school-age kids support school choice.  Nationwide, that number has gone from 64 percent in 2019 to 71 percent  today.   So you are asking yourself, who can oppose school choice? Many--not  all but many--teachers unions and many--not all--of the administrators  in failing schools; the adults, not the kids--the adults. Our schools  are supposed to be about our kids, not the adults. Many--not all but  many--of our teachers unions worry that giving parents the choice to  pick a different school will result in more students attending nonunion  schools, such as charter schools. Many--not all, many--administrators  in failing schools hate the idea that they will need to compete with  other local schools to attract kids and earn the State and Federal  dollars that follow those kids. It is called competition.   As I am sure you have noticed, both of these fears I just referenced  for some--not all--of our teachers unions and our administrators focus  on what is best for them and the school system and the adults, not on  what is best for the parents and the kids.   Competition makes everybody better. Competition makes everybody  better, and that is true of our schools too. The United States has a  highly competitive higher education system, and in return, our  universities are the best in the world. They are. I have been to a  school in another country. It was a good school. But as a group,  American universities are the best in all of human history. Now, they  have some problems, as we all know about, but they are still the best  in the world.  [[Page S5523]]  There is a reason that most wealthy and well-connected people around  the world want to send their children to an American campus to get  their degrees.   The excellence of American universities is driven by the fact that  students can choose to go elsewhere if a university stops delivering a  quality education. The students and their parents can vote with their  feet.    It is called choice. It is about as American as you can get. And that  same competition, that same choice, will help restore K through 12  schools to excellence as well. Americans don't need to watch the status  quo fail their children. They don't. States throughout this country are  empowering parents to take control of their kids' education, and the  whole country stands to benefit from their leadership.   When it comes to education, now, I am an all-of-the-above guy. I  don't care if it is public schools, charter schools, private schools,  vouchers, savings accounts, or pixie dust. If it will help our kids  learn better, I am for it. I don't care who gets mad. And that is why I  am very optimistic about the leadership changes in Louisiana and the  good news it could mean for our elementary and secondary education and  for our parents and our children.   I am not saying that school choice alone is the silver bullet. We  have other problems in Louisiana. We need to expand access to education  programs for at-risk children from early age to age 4. We need to do a  better job there.   We have a shortage of qualified teachers. We need to find out which  of our teachers can teach and pay them like the professionals they are  and find out which of our teachers can't teach and either teach them  how or tell them to find a new line of work.   We have got too much truancy among our kids. Forty percent of our K  through 8 schools grade A or B; but, somehow, magically, 70 percent of  our high schools are graded A or B. We know that is not right. We have  watered down our standards. Also, college costs for our kids and our  parents have doubled in the last decade.   So we have other problems, but school choice will help. And I  believe, as much as I am standing here, that America's future and  Louisiana's future can be better than our present and it can be better  than our past, but not if we don't improve our schools. And no one is  coming to save our schools in Louisiana but ourselves. And with new  leadership and school choice on the horizon, the future of elementary  and secondary education in Louisiana can be and is, to me, promising.   So I end as I began. No fairminded person, in my opinion, can say he  or she supports social justice if they don't support school choice.   I neglected to mention, Mr. President, that with me today are two of  my colleagues from my office: Ms. Maddie Dibble and Mr. Christian Amy.  I wanted to recognize them.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   