 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that we are here today to consider H.R.  3224, the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Extension Act of 2023.  I commend my Republican colleague from New York for introducing this  legislation.   The CWMD Office within the Department of Homeland Security plays a  pivotal role in safeguarding our Nation's security by addressing the  threat of weapons capable of causing harm to our communities and  infrastructure.   CWMD improves our Nation's capability to plan for, detect, and guard  against chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and health  security threats, otherwise known as CBRN.   CWMD further enables CBRN detection programs, training, and other  capabilities for State, local, Tribal, and territorial partners and  provides ground support for national special security events such as  Presidential inaugurations and major sporting events.   Without the support of dedicated DHS components like CWMD, terrorists  could exploit the absence of comprehensive measures. It could leave the  Nation vulnerable to catastrophic attacks with the potential for  widespread harm, loss of life, and severe disruption to national  security and public safety.    CWMD operates important programs such as Securing the Cities, which  provides 14 local governments across the country with detection  equipment, training, exercise support, operational and technical  subject matter expertise, and programmatic support.   When CWMD was authorized in 2018, Congress included a sunset for  December 21, 2023, with the idea that we could closely monitor the  progress of the office. The last continuing resolution extended CWMD  through February 2, 2024, but the office needs a longer extension to  ensure that its programs and staff have continuity.  [[Page H6760]]    With the sunset quickly approaching, the Committee on Homeland  Security has worked in a bipartisan fashion to extend CWMD by 2 years  with H.R. 3224.   This bipartisan bill will also provide a report to Congress regarding  a CWMD employee engagement action plan and strategy to improve morale  within the office, which is important given that there have been  significant workforce and morale issues. CWMD is consistently ranked  low in morale, according to a survey done by the Best Places to Work in  the Federal Government.   The bill further requires the Government Accountability Office to  brief Congress regarding CWMD and how it is carrying out its mission.  While Congress will continue to provide oversight of CWMD and, in the  future, provide a permanent authorization for the office, passage of  H.R. 3224 is a positive step.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R.  3224, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Carter), the ranking member of the Emergency Management  and Technology Subcommittee of the Committee on Homeland Security and  an original cosponsor of this measure.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Louisiana.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3224 is crucial for sustaining our Nation's  capabilities to counter chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear  threats.   The expertise provided by CWMD is essential in the fight against  weapons of mass destruction.   Passage of this legislation is vital to maintaining our preparedness  and ensuring the security of the Nation against the evolving challenges  posed by bad actors.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my House colleagues to support H.R. 3224, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   