 Mr. Speaker, that is what you call making it just in  time. I thank the gentleman from California for yielding just a little  time in this Special Order hour in order for me to recognize a very  special group of students down in Clinton, South Carolina.   Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the Clinton High School and Clinton  Middle School Olympiad teams for both bringing home the State  championship in Charleston this past month and qualifying for the  National Science Olympiad tournament in Kansas this May.   Now, the Science Olympiad was founded in 1984 as the premier team  STEM competition in the Nation and provides standards-based challenges  to 6,000 teams at 425 tournaments in all 50 States.   Winning the State Olympiad is a tremendous accomplishment alone, but  the fact that Clinton has a history of excellence in the Science  Olympiad is even more impressive.   Listen to this: Clinton has been involved in the Olympiad since 1986,  and I am proud of Clinton's continued success in this competition.   The Clinton Middle School, formerly Bell Street Middle School where  my sons went to middle school, has won the State Olympiad title 19  times in the last 21 years--19 times in the last 21 years--and Clinton  High School has won the State title 12 of the last 15 years.   I congratulate the coaches and members of the Clinton State  Championship Science Olympiad team for their win this year and applaud  them for their wins over the years.   This year's middle school team included Jackie Alcudia, Liam Bell,  Madison Boyter, Lauren Ficklin, Sam Hunt, Salaam Jenkins, Jacob King,  Matthew King, Shayne Kiselak, Hank Lanford, Landen Lowman, Kelly  Nelson, Sidney Nelson, Arohi Patel, Shrey Patel, Ada Tiller, Brian  Phillips, Aubrie Watts, Ben Wiggins, and Marlee Williamson.   This year's high school team included Kaelyn Bell, Jules Darden,  Keegan Fortman, Julieta Garcia, Becca King, Anna Litzenberger, Addison  Lowman, Shane Nelson, Junia Nolan, Wes Ray, Helen Sarah, Bailey Suarez,  and Rachel Vondergeest.   Now, of course, we have to remember the coaches because a team is  only as good as the leadership, so you have head coach Terri O'Shields  and David O'Shields, who is our superintendent in that district. They  are both dear friends of mine.   Kevin Cox, Michael Mack, Jason Smith, Ami Vaughn, Allison Lanford,  Stan Walsh, Jimbo Langston, Scott Shiflet, Dianne Summer, Sharon Lone,  David Bell, Katie Scarlett, Maggie O'Shields, and Asheton Wilbanks.   Clinton High School defeated 14 other high school teams to win, and  they brought home the gold medal in astronomy, bridge building,  chemistry lab, dynamic planet, environmental chemistry, forestry,  remote sensing, and the WiFi lab. What great categories for STEM  education.   Clinton Middle School defeated all of its competition in each event.   Congratulations to the students of Clinton High School and Clinton  Middle School for another Science Olympiad State championship.   Their success is a testament not only to their talent and the hard  work that they put in and the dedication, but it is a testament to the  leaders and the teachers and the coaches that really helped them  navigate this success.   South Carolina is rooting for them as they compete in the National  Science Olympiad tournament next month. They have bright futures, and  they are the innovators of tomorrow. The sky is the limit.   I thank them for what they do. I congratulate them on their win, and  God bless them.   