 Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate my very good friend and  fellow Texan, Representative Weber, for this Special Order.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of the most important days  in the history of this world, and that is Texas Independence Day. March  2 marks the day that 59 heroic Texians gathered at Washington-on-the- Brazos to ratify the Texas Declaration of Independence.   We know that this freedom didn't come without great bloodshed at  sites like Gonzales, the Alamo, Goliad, and San Jacinto. There is a  painting of the Alamo right there.   The fortitude of these men and the countless others who gave their  lives is why the Lone Star State exists today, 187 years later. As a  lifelong student of history and a former member of the Texas Historical  Commission, I am incredibly proud to represent the San Jacinto  Battleground here in my district, in the 36th District of Texas, where  a Texian army, under General Sam Houston, officially secured  independence following a defining battle at San Jacinto that lasted a  mere 18 minutes amid cries of ``Remember the Alamo.''   The Republic of Texas reigned as an independent nation for 9 years  before being admitted into the United States as the 28th State of the  Union. Since its addition, Texas has flourished as one of the most  prominent States in the country, emerging as a leader in many vital  sectors, including agriculture, space exploration, military readiness,  technology, tourism, and much more.   Our State is also home to many of the Nation's top medical centers. I  went to school at one, Texas Medical Center.   Texas leads in energy production. In fact, it creates twice as much  energy as the next highest State in the Union. In fact, as its own  country today, Texas would be among the top 10 largest economies in the  entire world.   It is simply remarkable and no wonder why Texans have so much pride.  After all, everything in Texas is bigger and better.    We Texans don't like to brag. We just tell the truth; it just sounds  like we are bragging.   I believe that those who envisioned what Texas could be so long ago  would be absolutely and mighty pleased to see how far we have come.   To all of my fellow Texans, I say happy Independence Day. May God  continue to bless our beloved Lone Star State.   