 Mr. President, I rise in support of Senator Hawley's  motion to table.   And I speak today on behalf of: Annie, Henry, Cipriano, Rosemary,  Tina, Louisa, Francisco, Laura, Wilbert, Charles, and the thousands  upon thousands of people who have endured the agony and suffering  brought on by our nuclear weapons testing in New Mexico and across the  country.   In July of 1945, Annie was in her kitchen with her family when, all  of a sudden, they heard a boom. The next second, they were on the floor  holding onto one another, trying to comfort each other, because around  them windows were shattering and walls were crumbling.  [[Page S5913]]    When they went outside, they thought that it started to snow, but it  was ash falling from the sky. Some families, who were away from the  community, later that night returned, only to find clothing that they  were hanging on a drying line full of this ash that they didn't know  where it was coming from.   Both Annie and her youngest sister Marcie were the only two children  living in their little home--their casita--in Capitan, NM. Both have  died from cancer.   Henry was just 11 years old when the bomb went off. He recalls  thinking the world was ending. Henry watched as his brother, his  nephew, and niece all died of cancer. He was diagnosed with cancer at  the age of 63. I am sorry to say that we lost him in 2022.   And it is not just the downwinders who were impacted. Cipriano worked  in the uranium mines for 8 years. Now, the personal protective  equipment he was given: a single paper mask, one per shift. That mask  was useless after into the first hour because it would get covered with  something that we have known to be called yellowcake, the particulate  from the uranium mine ore that would cover everything, including places  where some of these uranium mineworkers would go to have their lunch.  And they would try to clean the dust off, but they could never keep up  with it because it just kept accumulating.   Some folks were told: Just wait until you get home to shake the  yellowcake--the dust--off your clothing, because in those mines,  sometimes they would spread water to keep the particulate down. Well,  they got the miners' clothing wet. So the yellowcake would stick to it.  It was hard to peel off. So wait until you get home and it dries to  shake it off.   Many of these families--namely the Navajo uranium mineworkers--lived  in a one-home generational house. So if you go home and start shaking  your clothing filled with a yellowcake that then dries off, what are  you doing to grandma and grandpa, to your siblings, to your kids, and  maybe your grandkids when that particulate is now all around you?   Cipriano lived with shortness of breath since he was in his twenties.  Later, he developed pulmonary fibrosis, kidney failure, and he  eventually needed a kidney transplant. He, too, sadly, passed away.   All of these stories, medical traumas, and generational pain are  happening on our watch. And while millions of people flocked to the  theaters this summer to see a big blockbuster that told the story about  this Trinity test that took place--some of us know what that is--in the  Tularosa Basin, the first place that a nuclear bomb was set off on  American soil to test it. But not much was mentioned about these  families who are dying of cancer today.   You know, some Navajo elders, some women, some grandmas--as we call  them--came to Congress when I was a Member of the House to testify. And  during one of those conversations, one of those elders asked a question  back to those of us who were on the dais. And she said: Are you waiting  for all of us to die so that the problem goes away?   I don't know what to say to her when I go home--and I will see her  right now--because this legislation, which we all fought for--and I  want to thank Senator Hawley for finding a way for us to work together  to fight for the families in and around Missouri, working with Senator  Crapo, and every one of you for making this happen. And we passed this  with a bipartisan strong vote out of the Senate. It has now been taken  out of the NDAA in this conference. What do I tell these families?    There is a lot that I have learned in this body: the challenges and  frustrations that exist for our constituents, for each and every one of  us on occasion. But I have also learned--especially here in the  Senate--that the fight is never over; that there is always something  that can be done. When I listen to the brilliant parliamentarian team,  they teach me on how I can do my job better for the people that I  represent. I know that a ``yes'' vote on this might be challenging; but  for the families in States all across America, what can we do to help  them?   In the same way that this body came together to pass incredible  pieces of policy to help victims due to exposure--I will point most  recently to an act this Congress took after 9/11 when we got together  in a bipartisan way and we said we are going to pass the Zadroga Act-- and that act was not only passed once, but then it was extended for,  like, 90 years because it was the right thing to do. And it costs some  money. But it was the right thing to do.   There is a liability from the United States of America to these  families. I believe that the CBO should actually be using this as a  pay-for, because when there is a liability from the United States of  America and you fix it, it actually creates credit, a path forward to  pay for everything else. But for some reason, the CBO does not release  this aggregated data to help us better understand what is happening  here.   So I plead and I urge with my colleagues that we find a way to do the  right thing here; that going forward, we find a path to get this done.   And I want to say thank you to all the staff and the Members who know  about these families now. You have taken time to understand them. And  many of you have given me advice on how we can do things better. And I  thank you for that. The families thank you for that. So I hope that  this fight will not be forgotten.   I urge my Republican and Democratic leadership to work with us to  help pass the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act amendments.   I thank Senator Hawley.   And I yield the floor.   