 Mr. Chair, this amendment provides $11 million within  Army Research, Development, Testing and Evaluation, Line 44, for the  Autonomous Vehicle Mobility project to modernize combat vehicles for  multi-domain operations.   The development of next generation combat vehicles for multi-domain  battle operations is one of the Army's six modernization priorities.  These military vehicles are meant to increase the firepower, speed, and  survivability of land forces, allowing them to maneuver into superior  positions on the battlefield and to pair with robotic vehicles. The has  been actively conducting basic and applied R&D of autonomous ground  vehicles, but additional resources are needed to successfully  transition novel technologies into functioning prototypes.   This amendment provides funding to establish the nation's first  national-level laboratory facility of the U.S. Army Combat Capabilities  Development Command Ground Vehicle Systems Center. The facility will be  dedicated to autonomous mobility, maneuverability, and energy  efficiency with an emphasis on complex terrains and adversarial  environments. It will serve as a research hub and amplify collaboration  between the U.S. military, universities, industry partners, and NATO  nations. The results of such collaboration will enable our troops to  have an unparalleled edge on the battlefield and in tactical  situations.   I urge my colleagues to support this modest investment and to vote in  favor of En Bloc No. 2.    Mr. Chair, this amendment offered by Congressman Brian  Fitzpatrick and myself provides a modest $8.4 million within Army  Research, Development, Evaluation and Testing, Line 59, Night Vision  System Advanced Development, for the Micro-LED Soldier Systems Display  Prototype.   The funds provided by this amendment will support the design,  development, and delivery of the U.S. Army's next generation full-color  LED micro-display prototype, which will be specifically tailored for  dismounted soldier applications such as the Integrated Visual  Augmentation System Heads Up Display and the Next Generation Squad  Weapon Sight Optic.   The next generation of LED displays promise brightness levels that  significantly exceed the Pentagon's most stringent requirements for  both monochrome and full-color displays. The funds provided in this  amendment will support the design, development, and delivery of a  technology readiness Level 7 full-color LED micro-display prototype. In  addition, this project will enhance the soldier's target detection  capability and eye safety. Clearly, Mr. Chair, this is a win-win that  provides desperately needed solutions and safeguards the health and  security of our soldiers.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and to vote in favor  of En Bloc No. 3.   