 Mr. Speaker, rain can be a blessing or a curse depending  on whether we get too much or too little. Like water, America can  sustain our prosperity and our strength by the flow of people who want  to come here, if they can come here legally. What Republicans rave  about as a crisis, if properly addressed, represents a great  opportunity for our country.   By overcoming Republican opposition last year, we have achieved the  lowest unemployment in America in 50 years. If every single American  who is reported as unemployed today were to take a job, we would still  have millions of unfilled jobs in this country.   Our economy is crying out ``help wanted'' to which Republicans  respond, ``keep out,'' and ``let's build a wall to wall us off from the  rest of the world.''   We have a serious worker shortage. Our economic growth today is being  slowed because so many businesses cannot find the workers they need to  fulfill the needs of their customers.   Yet, just across our border are a host of people who are looking for  a job. We need construction workers. We need workers to care for the  old, the ill, and the young, and restaurant and other service jobs.  Some of them are very highly skilled, and some of them are hardly  skilled.   If some immigrants could work in this country and come here legally  and go home when they need to, then they wouldn't be risking their  lives in deserts, dying in dangerous rivers, and sitting on the streets  of our border communities.   Certainly, we cannot take everyone who wants to come here. We need  rules for orderly immigration and for fairness. They are the rules that  Republicans have blocked in this Congress for years. So long as they  see any immigrant hysteria as more valuable to them politically than  finding a solution, then we are not going to get there. Today's vote  represents just their latest refusal to accept reality and another  refusal to enact a comprehensive and reasonable system for legal entry  for workers.   There is, of course, a humanitarian aspect. Our Dreamers, who were  brought here as little children and many of whom are now adults, are  facing years of uncertainty. A nurse, a Travis County prosecutor, a  teacher, and many students whom I have met personally, still don't know  how long they can tell their employer they can work. There is so much  they have to contribute. Multiple studies show they will only  strengthen our economy.   There are other families in Texas border towns today who have risked  everything to escape oppression and corrupt and authoritarian  governments like Venezuela. Many of them have legitimate claims for  political asylum, but the Republicans have abandoned the promise of our  Statue of Liberty.    America's strength has always been found in our  diversity. Let's overcome the fearmongering and the anti-immigrant  hysteria and do the serious, hard work of passing genuine comprehensive  immigration reform. Let's turn immigration into a true win for the  American people.    Mr. Speaker, after President Trump twiddled, while  thousands of Americans died of COVID, we entered a national crisis. In  that emergency, the Trump administration, the Biden administration, and  the States did not do enough to prevent fraud in this and other  programs.   If Republicans were genuinely interested in strengthening any fraud  efforts, as I certainly am, we could, today, approve bipartisan  legislation to do that. Instead, they rejected many of the important  recommendations from their own witnesses before our committee from the  Government Accountability Office and the inspector general told us were  necessary.   Instead of protecting taxpayers today from fraud, they use this  misnamed bill to actually cut the very funding that is required for any  fraud and recovery of wrong payments. When millions of Texans found  themselves out of a job, the Texas Workforce Commission was not ready  to provide a lifeline.   Even in the middle of the night, my neighbors could not get through  to get the insurance to which they were entitled. Little wonder that  the same State agency did a sorry job of preventing fraud.   The vast majority of Texans, who eventually received unemployment,  were entitled to it, unlike apparently an indicted member of the  Republican Caucus. Our unemployment insurance system should be  strengthened, not undermined, as this very bill would do.   