 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy in  permitting me to speak on this. It is not quite as simple as my friend  from Florida implies.   Today we are voting to upend the healthcare system and interrupt  patient care. Ending the public health emergency prematurely would have  far-reaching implications, and this is a waste of time. The Biden  administration has already made clear that they are planning on ending  the emergency in May.   Why are we spending time abruptly ending this declaration, which is  going to end in 3 months anyway, when we could have instead had a  serious conversation about making this as smooth a transition as  possible?   There are many things that are involved here. Congress already  started this work in the omnibus by beginning a process to wind down  Medicaid enrollment policies and extending important programs like  telehealth.   I was happy that my bipartisan legislation to extend Medicare's  Hospital at Home program was extended in this manner. We fought for  this because we viewed the waivers and policies of the last 3 years as  a blueprint for future opportunities to innovate and extract value from  our healthcare system.   This work was bipartisan because both sides of the aisle saw the  benefit of the pandemic-era policies. It is unfortunate that instead of  continuing to build on that work, my colleagues are posturing.   I have heard from hospitals in my district, and I imagine you have  heard in yours, how important it is to extend, not end, the waivers  that address their capacity and staffing challenges.   If this bill were enacted, those operations would be upended. State  Medicaid programs would be in unnecessary chaos, with millions at risk  of losing their health insurance. Seniors would lose access to COVID  tests because Medicare would no longer be able to pay for them. These  are just a few examples of the complexity and how irresponsible this  legislation is. It certainly does not honor the more than a million  Americans who have lost their lives to this disease.   After a traumatic 3 years full of loss, the last thing the public  needs is additional chaos at the hands of the Federal Government.   At the start of the pandemic, we saw an often divided Congress come  together to bring meaningful relief to American families. I had hoped  that we would continue that same spirit of cooperation and dedication  to our constituents at the end of this chapter.    I know we have all heard from our hospitals and healthcare systems  about the needs they still have. I believe we can work together to make  this a stable transition and learn lessons from the pandemic.   I urge my colleagues to reject this legislation and instead come to  the table to work to ease the transition in a reasonable fashion.   