 Madam Speaker, I rise in recognition of those in law  enforcement who gave their all from the Fifth District of Alabama:  William Street, Tim Anderson, James Foster, William Russell, W. L.  Steele, William Baber, Lem Jones, Frank McKissack, Frank Bass, James  Eubank, Carl Anderson, Ed Kirby, Burns Almon, James Drake, Hugh Craft,  Thomas Wright, William Barr, Matthew Wann, William McMinn, Bedford  Brackeen, Ewell Starr, Alan Logel, Kelly Vaught, Charles Drake, Wayne  Boggus, Billy Daly, Preston Butler, William Gaskin, Benton McLemore,  Leo Glover, Kenneth McDonald, Billy Clardy, Jr., Michael Twitty, David  Temple, Simmie Jeffries, Charles Biles, Steven Ticer, Dewey Dorsey,  Thomas Lewis, Billy Thrower, Willis Von Moore, Haskel McLane, Anthony  Mims, Larry Russell, Daniel Golden, William Freeman, David Young, Keith  Earle, Billy Clardy, III--and yes, you heard that right, Billy Clardy,  Jr. and Billy Clardy, III, a father and son both lost in the line of  duty some 50 years apart--Walter Johnson, Steve Finley, Garrett Crumby,  who was ambushed just 52 days ago.   I stand before you today to honor these fallen officers of Alabama's  Fifth Congressional District. We will not forget the sacrifice they  have made. I will not stop fighting for the brave men and women of our  law enforcement until the day that I do not have a single name to read.   Furthermore, I take this moment to recognize retired Sheriff Joe W.  Patterson, who served as Madison County, Alabama, sheriff for four  terms. Sheriff Patterson inspired many at a young age to serve our  community. To this day, he is a mentor to law enforcement officers  across north Alabama.   In 1990, Sheriff Patterson offered me the opportunity to attend the  police academy. While I did not take him up on that offer, he later  swore me in anyway as a deputy sheriff, and later in life I served with  the sheriff's department in the narcotics division. I am grateful for  his continued leadership and years of service to our community and to  the greater Madison County, Alabama, region.   