 Mr. Speaker, it is an honor for me to be here to thank  my friend and former Speaker, Kevin McCarthy, for his service to this  country and to our Conference.   I had the experience of getting to know Kevin when I first decided to  run for Congress. I got a call from my predecessor alerting me that he  would announce the next day that he was not running for reelection. I  had to quite suddenly make the decision about whether or not I wanted  to run for Congress.   I got a call from Kevin, and Kevin said: Jay, I believe in you. You  can do it. I will help you. And he did.   Once I was elected and sworn in as a Member of the House of  Representatives, I was shocked to discover that I was 1 of over 100  Members of this Chamber who could say that of Kevin. There were over  100 Members who Kevin had given the confidence to step up and serve  their country. Kevin and I subsequently became good friends.   What I discovered about his leadership style is that it is a  leadership style that I think I honor the most, that of servant leader.  Every decision that Kevin makes and has made as leader was not for his  own self-aggrandizement or his own betterment. The decisions that he  made served the interests of the people who he led, the Conference, his  constituents, and the Members of this Chamber.   He also exhibited a quality that I think is unfortunately pretty rare  in public servants, that of humility. Kevin is an amazingly humble man.  If you met him on the street, you would never guess that he was third  in line to the Presidency.   Mr. Speaker, I will share a story, and Kevin probably doesn't even  remember that this happened. Earlier this year, I was giving a  constituent and their family a tour of the Capitol. They were here in  D.C. They had a couple of children with them. I was showing them the  rotunda when Kevin came bustling out of his office, surrounded by a  whole group of people. You could tell he was on his way somewhere  important.   He saw me and stopped. All of his people were saying: Kevin, we have  to go. We have to go. He stopped, walked over, and asked to be  introduced to my constituents. He insisted on taking a picture with  them in the rotunda. I will tell you, that made not just their day but  their entire trip. They still talk to me about it. Kevin would do that  for any Member of this Chamber.   It has been an incredible honor to serve under his leadership. I have  no doubt that the future is bright for my friend, Kevin McCarthy, and  that we can expect even more great things in the future.   Kevin, I thank you for your leadership. I am excited to learn about  what the future holds for you.   