 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the creation of  the Select Subcommittee on the Weaponization of the Federal Government.   The Federal Government exists to serve the American people,  administer the law impartially, and protect our cherished freedoms  enshrined in the Constitution.   However, some unelected, unaccountable Federal bureaucrats have  abused their positions of power. The other side of the aisle likes to  talk about ``threats to democracy,'' but they refuse to do any  congressional oversight as the Federal Government weaponized its  authority, influence, and power to target American groups and citizens  based on their political and ideological views.   Just yesterday, we learned that classified documents from Joe Biden's  time  [[Page H133]]  as Vice President were stashed in an unsecured closet. The National  Archives knew about these documents several months ago, before the  election, but the American people were just informed yesterday, thanks  to some investigative reporting.   Meanwhile, the FBI conducted a raid on former President Trump's Mar- a-Lago residence for the same violation. Why has President Biden, who  has repeatedly kept classified materials in an unsecured location for  years, never faced a raid? Is it because we have a two-tier system of  justice?   The left also continues to push for an expanded IRS, even though the  agency has a history of targeting conservative political groups. They  have pushed for more audits of middle-class Americans instead of better  customer service. In another example, at President Biden's direction,  the Department of Homeland Security formed a dystopian disinformation  board tasked with policing American speech online.   While this board has been disbanded, we continue to learn more almost  every day about how the Biden administration pressures big tech to  censor and oppress Americans' views online that are contrary to their  political narrative.   The Biden administration's Justice Department also actively targeted  parents concerned about woke curricula in their children's schools and  labeled many as domestic terrorists. The American people have made it  clear that they want accountability for these abuses.    Mr. Speaker, we cannot delay accountability any longer. We  need to get to work now. We must expose the abuses committed by the  unelected, unaccountable Federal bureaucracy and enact solutions to  prevent similar abuses from happening in the future.   I look forward, as chairman of the House Oversight Committee, to work  closely with this new select committee.   