 Madam Speaker, we were promised that this year would be  different, that we would run all 12 spending bills individually and  actually find some savings for the American people. Yet, this is  another year where the taxpayers' hard-earned dollars are just  squandered.   Congress has passed all required spending bills only four times in  about the 50 years since we have been under the current system. The  last time Congress actually passed all the bills was 1996, when the  U.S. national debt was a staggering $5.2 trillion.   Just last week the debt hit $33 trillion. This is a cycle of  perpetual failure, and, yes, our citizens are sick of it. The American  people have lost faith in our ability to handle the country's fiscal  issues.   Madam Speaker, the other side talks about how efficiently they moved  through things. Yeah, they moved through things. In 1996, we were $5  trillion in debt. Now we are $33 trillion in debt. They have  efficiently spent us into bankruptcy because there is no amount of  money, Madam Speaker, there is zero amount of money that they won't  spend. They will spend as much as the American people make and then so  much more.   The cost of living is tied to the spending, Madam Speaker. Our  citizens--my bosses and their bosses--can't afford their groceries,  gasoline, or electricity because this town continues to spend like  there is no tomorrow.   Madam Speaker, we should pass this rule so we can pass the 12 bills  and so we can reject the nongermane Senate bill that hooks the FAA with  Ukraine spending. Maybe both of those are important, Madam Speaker, but  tell me why I have got to vote to keep airplanes flying in the United  States and also vote to spend money in a war 8,000 miles away. The  American people are sick of that failure theater, Madam Speaker.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment cuts the Rural Business  Program Account in half from last year's enacted budget amount of  $43,125,000.   The Rural Business-Cooperative Service, like a lot of Washington,  D.C., programs, has a good name. It doesn't always do good things.  Unfortunately, it continues the age-old government sin of picking  winners and losers instead of just letting the market work.   I ran a small business, and people would tell me that the government  wants to be a good partner. I wasn't looking for a partner in my  business. I was looking to run my business. If there was a partner,  surely it wasn't the government, which had no idea about what I did in  my business.   What businesses need is for the government to get out of the way and  stop making it difficult if they don't bend the knee to whatever the  government demands of them.   Let me just tell you what we are funding with this money. This comes  right from the code cited in this appropriations bill: Loans for the  purposes of reducing the reliance on nonrenewable energy sources by  encouraging the development and construction of solar energy systems  and other renewable energy systems.   If you want to do that, you can get some of this money. If you don't  want to do that, you can forget it.   Mr. Chair, we have seen the government-mandated shift to green and  oftentimes unreliable energy sources, and we have seen what it has done  to the country. The Secretary of Energy tried to take a drive a little  while ago in her battery-operated vehicle and didn't make it too far.   We are not against these things, but the market should decide, not  the government. The government is not the market, and it doesn't make  the most efficient decisions.   Even in places where the shift hasn't directly caused tragedy, every  single one of our constituents is facing higher prices because of these  policies.   Because of these policies, we are literally building a grid on top of  the grid that we already have, and the grid that we have, we are  actually diminishing it at the very same time we are demanding more  from that grid.   Remember your healthcare costs, how they were going to go down when  we socialized medicine with the Affordable Care Act, and now you can't  afford medicine? Get ready because you are not going to be able to  afford your electricity, either. This program supports that  unaffordability, which is why it should end.   This is only the tip of the iceberg. This very spending fight has  highlighted the true amount of waste and duplication in the Federal  Government the gentleman before me just spoke about.   I offer a list of agencies that offer direct or indirect funding for  this very  [[Page H4534]]  thing: Department of Agriculture, Department of Commerce, Department of  Defense, Department of Housing and Urban Development, Department of the  Interior, Department of the Treasury, and Small Business  Administration.   My goodness. If every household and every business duplicated all the  things the Federal Government did, they would be broke, too, because we  sure are now.   Again, I am more than supportive of small businesses and towns. That  is where I got my start, picking fruit, baling hay, working in small  businesses. The first business outside of agriculture was Ray's Exxon  on Route 15. That is a small business.   These businesses, like every other one and our consumers, have faced  the record-high cost of living due to government-mandated shutdowns and  harmful Biden policies.   Every single one of these businesses and all individual taxpayers  ought to keep more of their money that they earn instead of having it  redistributed to whomever the government chooses to be the winner.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlemen from  Maryland (Mr. Harris).    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for  yielding. He has a great amendment. Now, he doesn't have great hair  right now--there is a little too much of it--but he has a great  amendment.   He is talking about the abuse of States. I come from Pennsylvania  where these waivers are continually abused.   Let's face it, Mr. Chair, they wouldn't have to be abused, they don't  have to be abused at all. If my friends on the left would quit  destroying the economies and the fabric of the household that makes a  living and makes everything more expensive for them, none of this would  be required. First, they destroy the house's income, and then they  subsidize it and force them to do this.   These waivers are indicative of this policy, Mr. Chair, and the  gentleman from Louisiana makes a great point. This is a great  amendment, and it should be adopted because these programs exist to  help people but not to be abused by States that use them to push people  further into poverty, which is what happens. They can never get out,  and they are ever dependent. These waivers support that, and that is  why they should end.    Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. Tiffany for the amendment. I want,  with him, to speak on behalf of parents and children, not on behalf of  politicians and so-called scientists.   This is what we know. We shouldn't even be having this conversation  because we didn't enact this Federal Government to ban things from us.  We want to make the decisions. Children want to make the decisions.  Parents want to make the decisions. We know what is best for us. We  don't need them to tell us. We will figure it out ourselves. Over the  course of a couple hundred years, we have done pretty well here without  scientists and politicians telling us and our children what is good or  what is bad.   Let me tell you what is good and what is bad. What is bad is school  lunches today. Do you know how I know? Because kids don't want to eat  them. All the nutrition they are getting? They are not getting it  because they don't want them. The only time they are going to eat them  is if it is the only thing they have to eat, and you are limiting that  now. It is absurd.   Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for offering the  amendment. I hope that we win this amendment, and kids and parents can  finally make choices for themselves.   