 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are going to be voting on an amendment  here in a few minutes that I want to rise in support of. It was  introduced by my friend the Senator from South Dakota, Senator Rounds.   This amendment aims to protect American food security against attacks  by foreign adversaries--in particular, these four foreign adversaries:  China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea.   As many of you know, I am a third-generation farmer. I know firsthand  that food security is national security. It is that plain. It is that  simple. Allowing our foreign adversaries to invest in American farmland  and agribusiness is a direct threat to our food supply.   Preventing our adversaries, our enemies from acquiring land near  sensitive military sites--sites like Air Force bases, like the one in  Montana, Malmstrom Air Force Base--is a no-brainer, and now we need to  protect the rest of our food system.   This amendment will enable the Committee on Foreign Investment in the  United States--otherwise known as CFIUS--to review all significant  agriculture-related foreign investments, and it will empower the Agency  to prohibit future purchases of farmland by our foreign adversaries.   Our amendment also includes commonsense provisions that protect the  rights of U.S. citizens and permanent residents and small farmers and  business owners.   This is a critical step toward making sure we aren't handing over  valuable American assets to foreign entities that want to replace us as  the world's leading military and economic power.   I would urge all of my colleagues in this room and the ones who are  going to come to this room to support this commonsense solution that  will protect our Nation's food supply and defend our country against  folks who would like to see us cease to exist.  [[Page S3511]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following law clerks of the Senate Judiciary Committee be granted floor  privileges until August 1, 2023: Alexandra Hough, Cristina Morrison,  Melissa Immel, and Jazmin Alvarez.   