 Mr. Speaker, I rise as a proud sponsor  along with my colleague across the aisle, Mr. Sorensen, for this bill,  H.R. 2988, the DOE and NASA Interagency Research Coordination Act.   This legislation authorizes the U.S. Department of Energy and the  National Aeronautics and Space Administration to carry out research and  development activities focused on the advancement of shared DOE and  NASA mission priorities.   Now, of course, the DOE and NASA have been cooperating for a very  long time, but this allows it to be done in a more efficient, focused  way, which includes research and development in critical technology  areas like radiation health effects--something I know something about-- quantum information science, high-energy physics, and data analytics.   The DOE has a long and productive history of interagency  collaboration with NASA, as I alluded to. Over the decades, this  relationship has evolved to include new areas of research, such as  Earth and environmental sciences. For example, NASA and DOE have  established a joint lab known as the NASA Space Radiation Laboratory.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to tell my colleagues that this joint effort  is at the Brookhaven National Laboratory in my home State of New York,  and I would be remiss in not bragging that the work that has gone on at  Brookhaven has led to seven Nobel  [[Page H6094]]  Prizes. I had the honor of touring this lab and seeing the amazing  instruments that they have, such as an 800-meter-long track that is  accelerating X-rays to near the speed of light. They are doing  absolutely amazing science. Imagine what will grow out of this  cooperation.   The Brookhaven booster synchrotron, which is what I was just  referring to, can simulate cosmic radiation conditions in space and  allows them to study its impact on astronaut health and spacecraft  instrumentation.    In addition, H.R. 2988 requires the Secretary and the Administrator  to conduct these activities in a manner consistent with the strong  security provisions the Science Committee passed in the Chips and  Science Act of 2022.   As the Energy Subcommittee chairman, one of my top priorities is  research security, and the inclusion of this language will protect our  Nation's investments from hostile foreign actors such as China and  Russia.   I thank my colleague, Mr. Sorensen, for working with me on this  important legislation and continuing the bipartisan tradition of the  Science Committee.   H.R. 2988 is the kind of commonsense, good governance bill that we  can all agree on. It shows that Republicans and Democrats are still  capable of putting political differences aside to advance meaningful  bills that strengthen U.S. leadership in science and maximize the  return on investment for the American taxpayer.   On a personal note, I will take a moment to thank my mother for  inspiring a lifelong love of science in me. I also thank Mr. Lucas for  allowing me to be a part of science, space, and technology as it grows  and shines in the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   