 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Kansas farmers,  ranchers, and energy producers who take it upon themselves to conserve  the land and vulnerable species in rural Kansas each and every day.   In recent months, these Kansans have felt the Biden administration's  massive overreach as D.C. bureaucrats use the Federal Government to  overregulate hardworking Americans a thousand miles from the swamp.   In 2015, the Fish and Wildlife Service listed the lesser prairie- chicken as endangered, only to delist it a year later as their analysis  was flawed. Despite losing a court case and seeing an actual increase  in the lesser prairie-chicken population, they are now classified as  threatened and endangered in  [[Page H4048]]  two distinct population segments in the United States.   Kansas farmers, ranchers, and energy producers, those closer to the  lesser prairie-chicken habitat, are excellent stewards of natural  resources. They have repeatedly demonstrated responsible actions as  they tend the land that feeds and fuels the world. What they don't need  is a heavy-handed government approach to land management, especially  when those mandates are unfounded and not based on actual science.    Today, we can correct this mistaken classification with a  Congressional Review Act. Even in a divided Senate, the CRA resolution  passed with bipartisan support.   Successful, voluntary, public-private conservation practices have  prompted the lesser prairie-chicken population to nearly double through  2021, with a statistically insignificant decrease between 2021 and  2022. Federal and State governments have spent millions of dollars to  determine the population is stable, yet the Biden administration is  engaging in insidious actions like creating the north and south regions  to help prop up their narrative that the lesser prairie-chicken  population was declining.   While it may seem extreme to squawk about a single species, it is  representative of the tone of the Biden administration--force  unworkable mandates on hardworking Kansans to appease bureaucrats and  elitists who aren't impacted by their decisions. They have used this  playbook before, and this encroachment on private property rights will  be replicated in State after State across the country.   Today, as we vote on this Congressional Review Act, it is critical  that we hold the line and prevent the Biden administration from  pursuing this hostile land grab. Kansas agriculture and energy  producers are doing their part, and millions of taxpayer dollars have  confirmed that the current conservation plan is working.   Mr. Speaker, this humble bird has benefited through Kansans'  voluntarily conserving its habitat, and today we have an opportunity to  put an end to the Biden administration's attack on rural Americans  through this commonsense CRA.   