 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from California (Mr.  Calvert) for hosting this Special Order for a special friend.   Kevin McCarthy's relentless perseverance, keen insights, and  unmatched knowledge of the personalities of the House were amazing to  witness firsthand.   While the public saw the 15 rounds of votes in January and the  historic spending cuts of the Fiscal Responsibility Act, privately,  what I got to see was the legislative equivalent of an elite power  athlete expertly working people, process, and policy to get the best  outcome in this Chamber. It was truly an expertise that he had honed  over his service in the California State Assembly and here in Congress  to make this place work.   It takes a legislative craftsman to make an institution like this  work. It takes history, it takes training, it takes focused energy, and  it takes will, perseverance and grit. I got to see all those things in  Kevin.   Now, everybody else got to see the sunny optimism, the personalities  that he loved embracing, and his spirit of friendship with people he  had just met. That was wonderful to see. However, to see him behind the  scenes being able to put all these disparate talents and gifts that he  has to work for public policy was awesome. It was a special thing to  work with Kevin.   In the wildest moments this Chamber has seen in decades, he was a  great leader for House Republicans, for this institution, and for  America. He had coolness, calm, and a sense of charity for folks, even  if they were not going to reciprocate. As a public leader, he truly  lived his values, and the way he treated us is the way that he expected  others to treat everyone else.   He was a great Speaker. Success after success after success took  place this whole year when Republicans in Washington are outnumbered by  a Democrat Senate and a Democrat in the White House. With a very narrow  majority we got big things done. It is a tough thing.   He had an innate sense of optimism. He always found an opportunity to  see the bright side of any moment. Even in the darkest of days, he saw  something there that would give us a sense of hope and optimism. Those  qualities are what has got him through an incredible career and a  really incredible life.   He is a political mastermind as well. It wasn't just policy in here  that he understood how to engineer. It was the architecture of  campaigns, elections, and all the stuff that goes into modern campaigns  that he was an expert in. There was no one better for Republicans and  no one better in America who had his capacity to put things together  and to win elections.   The American people and this institution are worse off for not having  Kevin McCarthy here. Nevertheless, I know he will be just fine. He will  be just fine. I look forward to seeing what he has in store for  himself, his family, and for this country. I look forward to his new  way of contributing to make this place better and to make the country  better.   I love working with Kevin on technology issues. His engagement there  was the most spirited and the most interesting for both of us. His  innovation initiative from a couple Congresses ago and his deep, keen  interest in public policy as it relates to technology and the use of  technology will have a lasting impact here, as well. I hope Kevin will  continue to contribute in that arena.   For us, this institution is worse off for not having Kevin McCarthy  here. It is worse off.   It is with a bit of sadness that I have to say farewell to my dear  friend here on the House floor, but not farewell forever because he is  a dear friend and will always be one of my dear friends.   Kevin, we will miss you, and we love you.   