 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 1,  the Lower Energy Costs Act.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would protect our country and  American families in the event of a national emergency by requiring the  Department of Energy to refill the Strategic Petroleum Reserve at a  competitive market rate.   We all remember that President Biden chose to tap the SPR for  political reasons as he tried to mask his failed energy policies that  caused gas prices to soar. When President Biden took office, the  average weekly price for a gallon of gas was $2.38. It was already  $3.53 prior to Putin invading Ukraine before hitting record highs last  summer. Despite depleting our SPR, we still have a weekly average of  $3.42.   Since draining the SPR to address an energy and inflation crisis of  his own making, President Biden and his administration continue to  abdicate their responsibility to replenish the reserve.   In October 2022, the White House announced it would implement a  first-of-  [[Page H1587]]  its-kind rule establishing a system of fixed-price contracts for  replenishing the SPR. Per the administration's policy, they intend to  purchase crude oil for the SPR when prices are at or below about $67 or  $72 per barrel.   The untested fixed-price bid system imposed by the White House has  allowed the administration to ignore its responsibility to resupply the  SPR to the detriment of the United States' economic and national  security.   In January of this year, the DOE rejected bids from several producers  to refill the SPR because the market rate for crude oil at the time was  well above the administration's arbitrary fixed price. This deceptive  policy gives the DOE a convenient excuse not to refill the SPR and keep  it at record lows, leaving our Nation less safe and prepared.   My amendment would remedy this problem by requiring the DOE to use  the commonly accepted index-based pricing bid process.   Historically, the index-based bid process is used to solicit  contracts to refill the SPR and is a standard pricing regime used in  the global oil and gas market. Using this more accepted metric, DOE  would competitively bid at the market rate for crude oil when buying  for the SPR.   This bidding system will ensure that DOE will meet its obligations to  refill the SPR and not circumvent that obligation with an arbitrary  price ceiling.   Further, the Federal Government should not be a speculator in the  crude oil market. The fixed-price scheme dreamed up by the White House  ignores the basic economic realities of how petroleum products are  traded in the marketplace. If the administration is concerned about the  price of oil not being a good deal for taxpayers, it should end its war  on safe and reliable American energy.   My amendment would ensure the SPR refill bid process reflects market  realities rather than the price mandates of the administration, and  restores our Strategic Petroleum Reserve, which is desperately needed  for our national security.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. Armstrong).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, this commonsense amendment restores the  Strategic Petroleum Reserve to protect our Nation's security.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this  commonsense amendment, as well as the underlying bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   