 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to take just a few minutes to  speak about Robert Zimmer, the former president of the University of  Chicago.   Barbara and I, first, want to express our condolences to Shadi, his  wife, and their three children.   President Zimmer's time at the University of Chicago was defined by  his relentless defense of freedom of expression. As a result of his  commitment, the University of Chicago remains a place where diversity  of viewpoint is always welcome, and the enforcement of that welcoming  is very sincere.   In 2014, President Zimmer appointed the university's Committee on  Freedom of Expression. That committee issued what is called the Chicago  Principles, which declare the importance of uncensored thought and  inquiry in the university experience.   I think it was also common for the president to make sure that a  letter went out to first-year students. I have never read the complete  letter, but in reading about it, I get the impression that the letter  said to those first-year students what this policy from the Committee  on Freedom of Expression was all about and that if you have to worry  about having safe spaces or if you are worried about being confronted  by somebody you might disagree with because of their ideology, then  don't come to this university.   But President Zimmer's impact is not limited just to that one  university; his courage in pushing for free speech on college campuses  has been felt nationwide. In my opinion, it is not as much as it should  be, but still he has made a big impact. The Chicago Principles have now  been adopted in some form by over 80 colleges and universities. You can  see that the number 80 is small compared to the thousands of colleges  and universities and community colleges we have in our country. That  doesn't mean there are not more than 80 colleges that would have the  principle of freedom of expression, but we know that 80 colleges have  adopted the Chicago approach.   President Zimmer and the principles he stood for are absolutely right  because college is a place for learning, not for coddling. Campus,  then, should be a place where ideas run rampant. After all, you go to  college to prepare yourself for life after college. Where  [[Page S1820]]  you go for a job or anyplace else, there are probably not these safe  spaces that some students think they have to have while they are at  various universities for a period of 4 years out of a possible life  through the other 60 years they are going to live, on average, after  they get out of college.   That mission is not possible if colleges only pursue the appearance  of diversity instead of real diversity. That just isn't diversity from  the standpoint of ethnicity, religion, color, gender; it is about  diversity of thought and the willingness to discuss those diverse  opinions among people so they can learn from each other and respect  each other.   In recent years, campus administrators have retreated from free  speech, even punishing professors who try to do the right thing by  having honest discussions about issues of any kind, particularly  controversial issues.   So we need students, we need professors, and we need alumni willing  to sound the alarm about the chilling of debate on our university and  college campuses. Most importantly, we need campus leaders like  President Zimmer who will stand up for freedom of expression in the  face of diversity. Without President Zimmer and his principles, our  next generation will be taught regurgitation, not independent thought.   We ought to honor his legacy by advocating for learning and free  expression and respecting people's opinions whom you might disagree  with, even being willing to sit down and discuss with those people you  might disagree with.   So with his death, I think he is going to be sorely missed, and I  hope that college presidents across the country can learn from his  example.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   