 Madam President, I come before this Chamber alongside my  colleagues from Maryland and Nevada to talk about the importance of our  small businesses in New Mexico and across the country.   I also want to thank the chair of the Small Business Committee, Mr.  Ben Cardin, for the work he has consistently done, his leadership in  this space, but his understanding of what is happening across the  country and the need to fight alongside our small businesses to make  things better for them. So I want to thank the chairman as well.   For the past 2 years, the Senate Democratic majority and the White  House have made it our mission to support and revitalize the small  businesses that are the backbone of our local communities. We have been  hard at work building economic security for the middle class, putting  people back to work, and investing in the American dream.   I know every Senator in this Chamber and all Americans have a small  business they depend on to get from one place to another, from one day  to the next. For me, one of them is in Santa Fe, NM, Midtown Bistro, an  incredible location run by a very extraordinary family. Anytime you  want a good meal and a warm welcome, you just go on down to Midtown  Bistro. This was the dream of restaurant owners Edmund Catanach,  Melissa Salazar, and Angel Estrada--to make folks feel at home, and  they do.   But when the COVID-19 pandemic hit, restaurants and small businesses  all across America struggled to make ends meet without daily customers  or revenue. Midtown Bistro, like so many family-owned small businesses,  looked to the Federal Government and received a grant to keep things  running and fulfill payroll each and every week. Melissa said that  without those funds, they would have had to close their doors after  decades of serving the Santa Fe community. Thankfully, that didn't  happen.   Edmund, Melissa, and Angel's story is the story of thousands of small  business owners who earned grant funding from the Federal Government in  the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. We are extremely proud to have  secured more than $169 million in restaurant revitalization funds for  restaurants like theirs throughout New Mexico. And that does not  include everyone.   One of the first things congressional Democrats did when President  Biden took office 2 years ago was expand the Paycheck Protection  Program, the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program, and the Shuttered  Venue Operators Grant Program. These expansions helped the smallest  businesses--especially in rural areas--that were still hurting from the  pandemic try to get back on their feet, keep workers on the payroll,  keep their doors open.   Democrats have always made it a priority to help folks who need it  most. This kind of relief is vital for keeping the heart of America's  economy alive.   For a lot of people, it is the late-night diner that serves up the  best cup of coffee in the country before the morning work shift begins  or the local cobbler, who knows exactly how you like your work boots to  be resoled, or the plumber you can call any time of the night to fix a  leaking pipe.   All of these small businesses started with a dream, a desire to make  things better, to help people. I know the heartbreak COVID-19 brought  on a lot of our small businesses and people all across America--local  staples that bring so much vibrance and life to our communities.  [[Page S1019]]    However, in the face of a nationwide tragedy, our small businesses  didn't throw in the towel and call it quits. Instead, they got  creative, like Midtown Bistro turning an outdoor space into a new way  to safely reach their community. Our small businesses continued to  provide vital services that helped our economy and kept it afloat  through these really tough times. For that, I just want to say thank  you to all of them.   This Chamber must continue supporting the countless small businesses  that keep our economy and our country moving forward. Senate Democrats  will continue pushing for expanded opportunities for small businesses  to access the capital and credit they need to start or expand  businesses, which will, in turn, get more Americans back on the job,  create more opportunities and more successful ventures.   One big hurdle that keeps small businesses from unlocking their full  potential is not being connected to affordable, high-speed internet to  create a website and access the online economy.   I am very proud to have been part of the team and a family that is  going to make that possible for people all across the country. There  are many ways we can work together, but I am very proud of my  colleagues, of what I have learned, and, again, I thank our chairman  for leading the conversation in that committee and driving home  policies so that we can act to make a difference in the lives of those  who have invested in and started small businesses.   We can do more and we can do better, but I am very proud of how we  have been able to get things done that make a benefit in people's lives  today.   I yield the floor.   