 Madam Chair, as the designee of the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Harris), I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to offer amendment No. 109, limiting  indirect costs paid by the National Institutes of Health to a maximum  of 30 percent of the total grant awarded.   Indirect costs are simply known as overhead costs. These costs are  not directly attributable to the specific research project or function.  These costs include facilities operation and maintenance, depreciation  of buildings, and administrative expenses.   In 2021, the National Institutes of Health spent $6.7 billion on  indirect costs racked up by grant recipients. Meanwhile, the top grant  recipients were universities sitting on multibillion-dollar endowments.   Nonprofit organizations that provide research funding, such as the  Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the Alzheimer's Association, and the  American Heart Association, cap indirect costs at 10 percent.   Congress has historically limited indirect costs for agricultural  research to a maximum of 30 percent, which is included in the  Agriculture appropriations bill.   I propose that we apply this limitation to the National Institutes of  Health research to ensure taxpayer dollars are being spent responsibly.   I urge all Members to consider supporting this commonsense amendment,  which would dedicate more research dollars to direct research costs.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the  amendment.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise to offer my amendment No. 117 to  H.R. 5894, the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and  Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2024.   My amendment No. 117 reduces the salary of Xavier Becerra, the  Secretary of Health and Human Services, to $1.   Secretary Becerra has chosen special interest groups over the  American people and blatantly undermined congressional legislative  intent with his implementation of the No Surprises Act.   The No Surprises Act, passed in 2021, was a bipartisan legislative  effort to prevent unexpected medical bills from crushing Americans  across the country, which over 50 percent of all Americans have  experienced.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration and Secretary Becerra have  not implemented the bill as Congress intended, leading to huge  backlogs, unpaid claims to healthcare providers, and patients having  less access to quality healthcare.   This is unacceptable, but it shouldn't be a surprise that the Biden  administration appointed a lawyer to take on healthcare challenges,  resulting in dismal failure.   There have been four court cases in Texas alone to address the  abysmal implementation of this law, and Secretary Becerra and the Biden  administration have lost all four court cases.   Patients' protection from surprise medical bills should not  compromise their access to hospitals and the doctors they need. They  shouldn't have the worst experience of their lives to add to the worst  experience of their lives.   The solution to this is simple: Align the Federal Government  regulations with what Congress intended for the bill to do and make the  process for resolving disputes fair for all parties.   The solution is not only the right thing but will also avoid all the  negative consequences that Congress sought to prevent for patients in  the first place.   I have personally discussed this with Secretary Becerra to no avail.  He continues to choose profiteers rather than patients.   America's hospitals and doctors worked hard with Congress to ensure  the dispute resolution process was fair and avoided these negative  consequences.   Secretary Becerra and his Federal bureaucrats have failed to honor  those promises to patients and caregivers and have instead continued to  ignore Congress' legislative intent.   The reason I originally ran for Congress was because of the issue of  surprise billing. My first taste in politics  [[Page H5834]]  was going down to the State capitol with the Medical Association of  Georgia, a bipartisan group of doctors, trying to resolve this problem.   I brought the fight here to D.C. to push the Federal Government to  begin prioritizing and doing the right thing for patients instead of  prioritizing the profit of special interest groups.   My amendment is not about political cheap shots or agendas. It is  about protecting the people from a public servant who is no longer  keeping their best interests at heart.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, obviously I am not a lawyer. I am a  doctor. With all the experience that Mr. Becerra has, you would think  he would know better.   You would think that as a Member of the House, supposedly serving the  American people, who has watched bipartisan bills pass with almost  unanimous consent, that he would know better. You would think as a  lawyer he would know how to carry on a case and win a case when it has  to do with serving the people.   Clearly, he has misrepresented something that we passed as a body,  something that we agreed to as a body to serve the people. That is why  he should be ashamed, and that is why the Secretary of Health and Human  Services, Xavier Becerra's salary should be reduced to $1 for being  derelict in his duty and failing the American people.   I ask my colleagues for their support in passing this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   