 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 1640,  Representative Lesko's Save Our Gas Stoves Act. In my wildest  imagination, I never thought I would be standing here defending my  wife's gas stove.   In nearly 40 percent of households across the country, including  mine, the use of natural gas stoves are the preferred appliance to  prepare family meals because it is affordable, reliable and, I might  add, very stylish. Consumers deserve choice and the right to decide  what goes in their dadgum kitchen.   However, the Biden Department of Energy has issued a proposed rule  that would impose more stringent standards on the use of a conventional  cooking product such as a natural gas stove.   This is ridiculous. This harmful proposed rule is yet another attempt  by the Biden administration to push its radical climate agenda on the  American people. I am going to tell you, the American people are  getting sick of this, the high gas prices and all the other things,  like the cost of natural gas today--you can't build pipelines--and this  time in the form of mandating what kitchen appliances families can and  cannot use.   Mr. Chair, 96 percent of the stove models that the Department of  Energy tested failed to meet the proposed standard. If they implemented  this rulemaking, it would impact the majority of gas stoves on the  market.   Not only would this cause significant market distortions, which is a  problem the Biden administration has caused across the entire economic  front, but implementing this proposed rule would also increase costs  for consumers.   Why, at a time when Americans are facing hyperinflation, would this  administration propose a rule that would push consumers to a more  expensive option?   That is why I am proud to cosponsor the Save Our Gas Stoves Act,  which will ensure that the Secretary of Energy does not implement an  energy standard on cooking appliances that would reduce consumer  choice. This bill also stops overreach by the Department of Energy.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this bill.   