 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Pascrell for his  leadership in the caucus, supporting law enforcement, and always being  there for those in New Jersey. I am very grateful.  [[Page H2339]]    Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Rutherford for organizing this evening and  for all he does and has done in his career for law enforcement and for  his service, which continues today. We are incredibly grateful for him.   I am grateful for my friendship with Mr. Bacon, who just spoke so  artfully. He is vice chair of the Problem Solvers Caucus and also does  a phenomenal job.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Police Week and to  express my deep and unwavering support for the sacrifices our law  enforcement officers make to keep our families and our communities  safe.   Every day, law enforcement officers put on bulletproof vests, kiss  their loved ones good-bye, and then put their lives on the line to look  out for us. That is why we must always get the backs of those who have  ours.   I am very proud to co-lead the bipartisan resolution that was just  passed to recognize National Police Week and memorialize officers  tragically killed in the line of duty.   This week, as we are here with so many others recognizing National  Police Week, Americans across our great Nation honor and remember the  more than 26,000 law enforcement officers who have sacrificed their  lives to protect our great country. We will always honor their memory.  We must do all we can to support law enforcement.   That is why I am honored to be leading bipartisan, bicameral  legislation with my good friend and retired sheriff Congressman  Rutherford called the Invest to Protect Act.   Our bipartisan legislation that he referred to is also being co-led  by the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman   Steven  Horsford, and retired NYPD detective Congressman Anthony D'Esposito.   Our bipartisan, bicameral bill will make critical investments in law  enforcement, especially in small departments, training, recruitment and  retention of officers, and mental health to protect our officers, our  families, and our communities.   The Invest to Protect Act was developed through many conversations  with Republicans and Democrats in both Chambers and with a broad  spectrum of stakeholders.   I am proud the bipartisan legislation has been endorsed by key law  enforcement organizations, including the National Association of Police  Organizations, Fraternal Order of Police, New Jersey State FOP, New  Jersey State PBA, National Organization of Black Law Enforcement  Executives, National Troopers Coalition, New Jersey State Troopers  Fraternal Association, Port Authority PBA, Peace Officers Research  Association of California, State Troopers Non-Commissioned Officers  Association, National Sheriffs' Association, Sergeants Benevolent  Association, National Tactical Officers Coalition, and Federal Law  Enforcement Officers Association.   It is worth pointing out these organizations because it shows the  broad support in our country to support law enforcement and to make  sure we take care of those who take care of us.   We have identical companion legislation in the Senate led by Senator  Chuck Grassley of Iowa and Senator Catherine Cortez Masto of Nevada.    We worked with the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights and others  across the spectrum because the point Sheriff Rutherford and I realize,  as well as so many others who support this legislation, is that you  cannot cut or defund your way to safer communities and better police  departments. Instead, you need to invest to protect. That is the only  way we strengthen our departments to make them even better. We have to  stand by them.   This idea that you cut all the way to the bone as the answer is  absurd. It makes our communities weaker. We need to invest in them.   I am so grateful for this across-the-aisle support to get the backs  of those who risk their lives every day to protect us, not just on this  bill but on so many other important pieces of legislation that we will  be considering this week, National Police Week.   