 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1353, the Advanced,  Local Emergency Response Telecommunications Parity Act, or the ALERT  Parity Act. This bipartisan bill will enhance wireless connectivity in  remote and hard-to-reach places to ensure that people can always reach  out to emergency services and family during emergencies.   H.R. 1353 will help the Federal Communications Commission utilize  satellite technology to deliver emergency connectivity service to  remote areas or areas experiencing service outages caused by natural  disasters. This is particularly important for rural and Tribal areas  that have been particularly devastated by the lack of access to 911 and  emergency alerts due to limited wireless coverage.   This bill is needed now because over the last few months many 5G  mobile providers and equipment manufacturers have announced  partnerships with satellite operators to deliver emergency  communication to consumers where wireless coverage is lacking or  nonexistent. These efforts are likely to offer tangible benefits to  consumers as the partnerships will enable wireless service providers to  offer consumers universal coverage and enhance access to emergency  services. It is likely that consumer demand for satellite services will  grow in the future as wireless carriers and phone manufacturers  continue to build this capability into their networks and phones.   This additional layer of protection is also a welcome sign given that  the worsening climate crisis is causing more frequent and extreme  weather events. Mobile service is essential for receiving emergency  alerts with lifesaving information. Resilient communications networks  can be the difference between life and death when the unexpected  strikes. Satellite systems will be crucial in helping ensure that  consumers have the necessary details to navigate through these  emergency situations.   To help advance these efforts, H.R. 1353 directs the FCC to issue  rules so that satellite providers can offer emergency connectivity  services in areas that currently do not have access to such services or  areas that have been impacted by a disaster.   The legislation also requires the FCC to annually report to Congress  on the instances where satellite providers utilized the rules to  provide emergency services and where such providers were denied the  opportunity to offer these lifesaving services.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives Schrier and Johnson for their  bipartisan work on this bill. With this legislation, consumers can rest  assured that if they find themselves in an area without service,  whether it is because of lack of coverage, the result of natural  disaster, or for some other reason, they will continue to have the  ability to reach first responders and loved ones during an emergency.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation that  unanimously advanced out of the Energy and Commerce Committee last  month, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan bill that was reported  out of our committee unanimously last month, and I would ask everyone  to support the legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1343, the Institute for  Telecommunication Sciences, or ITS, Codification Act.   The Institute for Telecommunication Sciences, or ITS, is the premier  engineering laboratory of the National Telecommunications and  Information Administration. Among its many responsibilities, ITS  manages various technology development programs for NTIA and the  Department of Commerce and oversees cutting-edge studies concerning the  use of our country's airwaves. ITS has played a significant role in  furthering telecommunication advancements for our country's benefit.   H.R. 1343 recognizes the numerous contributions of ITS by providing  it with additional statutory authority. Under this legislation, ITS  will serve as the primary laboratory for the executive branch of the  Federal Government. It will be charged with studying the use of  innovative sharing technologies for our airwaves and improving the  interference tolerance of Federal systems operating with, or using,  Federal spectrum.   The legislation also will allow the Assistant Secretary of Commerce  for Communications and Information, acting through the head of the ITS,  to enter into agreements needed to carry out the functions of the  laboratory.   This bill also requires the Assistant Secretary to establish an  initiative to support the development of emergency communication and  tracking technologies. These technologies will then be used to locate  people trapped in areas where mobile connectivity may not be available  due to natural disasters and other devastating events.   I commend Representatives Pettersen and Carter for their bipartisan  work on this bill. It will ensure that one of our Nation's key  telecommunications facilities has the necessary tools and resources to  not only continue its work but also expand its activities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill,  which unanimously passed the Energy and Commerce Committee last month,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my colleagues to support this  bipartisan bill that, as I mentioned, unanimously passed out of the  Energy and Commerce Committee last month. It is important.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1339, the Precision  Agriculture Satellite Connectivity Act.   The innovations we are seeing in the commercial satellite industry  have the potential to transform so many aspects of daily life,  especially for those in more rural and remote areas.   For years, Americans have relied on satellites for a variety of  services, including the Global Positioning System, radio, and  television. However, now satellites are helping deliver faster  broadband speeds, providing critical communications services and  enabling scientists and nonprofits to monitor challenges like the  climate crisis and deforestation.   This satellite evolution is also touching American farms by  facilitating advancements in precision agriculture. H.R. 1339 promotes  the innovation of satellite technology for precision agriculture, which  uses satellite images to help farmers yield better crops and maximize  their yield profitability.   The legislation directs the Federal Communications Commission to  review its satellite service rules to assess whether there are any rule  changes that could better enable satellites to deliver precision  agriculture solutions. If the FCC finds that such rule changes exist,  then this legislation requires the FCC to develop recommendations for  implementing them. It also instructs the FCC to report its findings to  Congress, including any recommendations.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives Kelly and Latta for their  bipartisan work on this bill, which unanimously passed out of the  Energy and Commerce Committee last month. With this legislation, we  ensure that the FCC and its satellite service rules are enabling  technological advances in the important area of precision agriculture  as much as possible.  [[Page H1927]]    Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned, this bill is bipartisan and passed out  of our committee unanimously last month.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   