 Mr. President, as we know, President Biden has been  talking the last 30 to 60 days about Bidenomics. I think it would be  fair to say that because so many Americans are struggling to support  their families, President Biden is struggling to explain what he means  by ``Bidenomics.''   I think most fairminded Americans, based on the, what, year and a  half and a few months that President Biden has been President,  understand what Bidenomics is because they understand, at this  juncture, what President Biden believes in, not only what he believes  in, what he has done.   Bidenomics, to most fairminded Americans, is bigger government.  Bidenomics is higher taxes. Bidenomics is more regulation.  [[Page S3576]]    Bidenomics is more spending. Bidenomics is more debt. Bidenomics is  also inflation.   Let me say that again. First and foremost, Bidenomics is inflation.  President Biden's inflation--history, I believe, will demonstrate  this--is a cancer on the American dream. It is a cancer on the American  dream.   Since President Biden has been President, electricity is up 24  percent. There is your Bidenomics. Gas, gasoline--I will quote you from  Louisiana--is up 65 percent. Eggs are up 39 percent. Potato chips are  up 25 percent. Bread is up 26 percent. Coffee costs 30 percent more,  thanks to President Biden's inflation and Bidenomics. Rice is up 29  percent. Flour is up 25 percent. Milk is up 18 percent; ice cream, 18  percent; chicken, 23 percent. I could keep going.   Let me give you a few statistics to put those numbers in context. The  median household income in my State of Louisiana is $53,571. The median  household income of an American family, nationwide, is $70,784. So in  Louisiana, the median household income--not individual income,  household income--is about $54,000. The median income throughout  America is about $71,000.   In my State, Bidenomics and President Biden's inflation is costing my  people--the average family in Louisiana--an additional $757 a month-- not a year, a month. That is $9,084 a year.   So imagine, in Louisiana, if you are at the median household income  of $54,000 a year--that is you, a spouse, and children--and, all of a  sudden, in the past year-and-a-half, under Bidenomics, you have got to  come out of pocket an extra $9,000 a year. You are making $54,000 a  year to support the family, and now, all of a sudden, you have got to  come out--you have to find--an extra $9,000 just to tread water. Where  are you going to get that money?   Maybe you saved up a little money from the stimulus checks, but that  is probably gone. Maybe you have a savings account that you set aside,  but that is probably gone now too. Maybe you have got a couple of  credit cards, but you have maxed those out. Maybe you have a dream of  sending your children to college and you have a college fund, but you  have already had to dip into that. And there is no end in sight.   Now, that is the experience of the people in my State, from  Bidenomics, and I think that is the experience across America. That is  why I say that inflation--President Biden's inflation--has been a  cancer on the American dream. And I can tell you that in Louisiana my  people are getting really good at barely getting by, and there is no  end in sight.   Now, I am pleased to be able to say that the rate of inflation has  been coming down, and I hope it keeps coming down. Our last inflation  numbers showed that. You will see them reported in the media. Inflation  is now at 3 percent. That is sort of accurate. It is at 3 percent, but  the reason it is at 3 percent is primarily because of the fall in the  price of gasoline. Gasoline is still high, but the price of oil has  come down because our economy and the world economy are so weak. So  there is less demand for it.   But more important than overall inflation is what we call core  inflation. That is what most economists look at. It would be core  inflation because core--C-O-R-E--inflation looks at inflation without  looking at energy or food, because energy and food can both be very  volatile. Core inflation is at 4.8 percent, and it has been very  sticky, still way over the Federal Reserve's targeted 2 percent.   But it has been coming down, and that is good news. But what does  that mean? All it means is that the rate of increase in inflation has  been slowing.   When you have inflation, let's say at 8 percent, and you get it down  to 6 percent, that means that you have reduced the rate of increase of  the prices. The economists call that disinflation. That doesn't mean  that prices are going down. It just means that prices aren't rising as  rapidly.   And if we can get core inflation down to 2 percent, that does not  mean these high prices that I just quoted are going to go down. That  would be deflation.   I regret to tell you, Mr. President--and I think you know what I am  saying is accurate--these high prices are permanent. We are going to be  stuck with a 24-percent increase in electricity. Even if we can get  inflation down to zero percent, these high prices that have been caused  by Bidenomics are permanent.   We are going to be stuck with coffee up 30 percent. I am not going to  reread the list. That is why I say that inflation, the major product of  Bidenomics, has been a cancer on the American dream.   Now, my people in Louisiana need every dollar they can get right now.  The average family making $54,000 a year is now having to find an  additional $9,000 a year, and that is not going to change. Their only  hope is that it doesn't get worse.   So I want to call the attention of my people to tax refunds. A lot of  my people get tax refunds. They get money back. They have money  withheld from their paycheck, and, oftentimes, it is too much. And the  State of Louisiana and the Federal Government owe them money in the  form of a tax refund.   And sometimes my people in Louisiana are busy earning a living. They  get up every day. They go to work. They obey the law. They pay their  taxes. They try to teach their children morals. They try to do the  right thing for their children. They get busy, and, sometimes, people  forget to claim their tax refunds.   So I am here today, No. 1, to try to explain Bidenomics and tell the  people of Louisiana and the people of America that I am sorry they are  having to go through this. But, No. 2, I understand that every dollar  counts. And please, please, please, check and see if you are due a tax  refund.   For example, now, start with the State. The State of Louisiana is  holding almost $12 million--$11,574,249--that is owed in tax refunds to  the people of Louisiana. So 15,461 people are owed tax refunds, and  they haven't claimed it. The average refund is about $750. You need to  claim it, I say to my people. You need to claim it by August 28. If you  don't claim it by August 28, you won't lose it. The money will be  transferred to the Treasury Department and become part of what is  called the Unclaimed Property Program, and then you just have to fill  out more paperwork to get your money.   So if you think you have a tax refund due from the State of  Louisiana, go get it by August 28. It is worth checking. All you have  got to do is go to the department of revenue website:  revenue.louisiana.gov--revenue.louisiana.gov.   Now, also, my department of revenue--thank you for doing this--just  sent out letters to every one of these 15,461 people to whom the State  owes a tax refund. Our department of revenue sent them a letter. Please  open that letter and don't throw it away. This includes individuals and  women and businessmen. All you have to do is open that letter. There is  a voucher in there. You fill it out and send it back into the  department of revenue, and you will get your money. So please do that.  You earned it.   Now, at the Federal level, it is a little more complicated, to no  one's surprise--at the Federal level. I tried to get the information  from the IRS about how much is owed to my people in terms of Federal  income tax refunds. You won't faint with surprise when I say it is hard  to get them on the phone. And when we did get them on the phone, they  said: We can't give you that information. If we told you, we would have  to kill you.   So I went back and did some research. The most recent numbers I have  are from 2019. In 2019, tax refunds in the amount of $22 million were  owed to the people in Louisiana. These are Federal income tax refunds.  This is 2019 now. I don't know what the current number is because the  IRS won't tell me. But based on 2019 numbers, it is anywhere from $22  to $25 million, and based on 2019 numbers, about 22,000 Louisianians  are owed Federal income tax refunds on top of the State income tax  refunds.   And I want to encourage them to check to see if they have a Federal  income tax refund. Here is what you need to do. You can call them if  you like, but lots of luck. Go to www.irs.gov/refunds_www.irs.gov/ refunds_and you can check to see if the IRS owes you a tax refund.   You are going to need your Social Security number, of course, or your  taxpayer ID number. You are going to need your filing status. They want  you  [[Page S3577]]  to tell them the exact amount of your refund. They have all that  information, but they want you to tell it to them. Just don't argue  with them. Just go ahead and do it, based off your tax return.   And you can make a claim there, online, and give them a reasonable  amount of time, and you can get a check from the Federal Government as  well.   I used to be the tax collector in Louisiana, and I can tell you that,  for a variety of reasons, a lot of people--not just Louisianians but  all across America--forget to claim their State income tax refund and/ or their Federal income tax refund. So I hope they will take advantage  of this.   I am sorry. I just want to say to them that I am sorry that the  Federal Government has let them down. I am embarrassed about  Bidenomics. I am sorry about this inflation. It is a cancer on the  American dream. I am afraid it is going to be with us awhile. I hope I  am wrong. But if we succeed in getting that rate of inflation down to 2  percent, that doesn't mean prices are going to go down. I wish I could  sit here and tell you that. These higher prices are coming. What we are  trying to do is just stop the increase and stop the crisis from going  up so fast. So I hope you will take advantage of this information, not  just in Louisiana but all across America, and go claim your tax refunds  if you are owed.    I yield the floor.    Madam President, some time ago, Senator Sinema and I  introduced the Independent and Objective Oversight of Ukrainian  Assistance Act to create a special inspector general to follow the  money with respect to Ukraine. Senators Hawley, Paul, Risch, and Wicker  have been important voices in this. Indeed, they have had their own  bills. We have gotten together and worked out a compromise.   Our bill would create a lead inspector general among the inspectors  general right now doing the auditing, which are the Department of  Defense, the State Department, and USAID. This lead inspector general  would be our contact. We could go to that inspector general and get  answers. By law, the inspector general would have to respond in 15  days.   We will not need Senate confirmation because I expect the President  to appoint as the lead one of the inspectors general who are currently  involved.   I urge favorable passage and yield to Senator Wicker or Senator  Risch.    Mr. President, do the proponents have any additional  time?    Go ahead. Save some more for me.    I thank the Senator. You are a fine American.    Mr. President, the American people have sent over $100  billion to help our friends in Ukraine, and most Members of this body  have supported it. But this money didn't fall from Heaven; it came out  of people's pockets.   How can we possibly look the American people in the eye and say that  we don't want to ensure to them that this money will not be stolen?  That is all this bill does. It lets the President appoint a lead  inspector general to answer to the U.S. Congress so we can look the  American people in the eye and say: Your money was not stolen.   I can't imagine that we would not pass this bill. How can you go home  and explain this to your people? You can't.   