 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   There is truly nothing more American than the freedom of the open  road. Americans have built their lives around reliable and affordable  transportation, and now, government overreach is threatening to put the  cars, trucks, and SUVs that hardworking Americans need out of reach.   At its core, the vote on H.R. 1435 asks a very simple question:  Should consumers or the Federal Government decide what type of vehicles  Americans can drive?   This legislation is designed to address an issue created by  California's Advanced Clean Cars II regulations that seek to ban the  sale of gas-powered vehicles in the next decade by requiring 35 percent  of new vehicle sales to be electric vehicles in 2026 and fully 100  percent of sales to be electric vehicles by 2035.   Because of the fact that 17 other States have adopted portions of  California's Clean Air Act regulations, this decision could potentially  impact over 40 percent of the American auto market, and if enacted,  would create a de facto ban on all gas-powered vehicles in the United  States.   As originally created, California's carve-out in the Clean Air Act of  1970 was designed to combat smog and pollution in and around Los  Angeles, and it was never intended to be used as a tool to ban the  vehicles that have transported Americans for over 100 years.   Currently, the only thing standing in the way of California's  implementation of this policy is a required EPA waiver.   That is why I, along with Representatives Latta, Bilirakis, and  Obernolte, introduced H.R. 1435, the Preserving Choice in Vehicle  Purchases Act. This bill would prevent the EPA Administrator from  granting a waiver to any regulation that would limit the sale or use of  new vehicles with internal combustion engines.   We cannot expect vehicle manufacturers to build one car for  California and another one for Pennsylvania.   In areas like my district in central and western Pennsylvania,  electric vehicles are unable to perform in the mountainous terrain and  lose range in high heat and in extreme cold.   On a recent trip, Energy Secretary Granholm was unable to use a fleet  of electric vehicles to travel across the State of Georgia without  using a gas-powered vehicle to block a public charging station ahead of  her arrival.   Mr. Speaker, not every family will have an advance staffer ready to  reserve a charger for their vehicle. Even the Biden administration's  EPA Administrator Michael Regan did not support the banning of internal  combustion engines.   In May, when I asked Administrator Regan if he supported such a ban  during an Energy and Commerce Committee hearing he responded: ``No, not  at all.''   It is clear that more government interference cannot deliver  innovation that Americans rely on.   There are fundamental issues of our Nation's infrastructure that  would prevent us from transitioning to an all-electric model, including  the state of our electric grid.   Under President Biden's Green New Deal agenda, we have seen coal- powered plants close, we have seen him stop the production of natural  gas, and we have seen new drilling leases canceled from Alaska to the  Gulf of Mexico.   Instead of utilizing the power sources underneath the feet of my  constituents, President Biden's administration has attempted to  subsidize energy sources like wind turbines and solar panels that have  been proven to be ineffective at providing our grid with the power  necessary for charging electric vehicles en masse.   As we look towards the future of electric vehicles, the Chinese  Communist Party is taking aggressive steps to position themselves as  the leader in developing EV battery technology.   Through the CCP's control of the critical minerals and resources  needed to make electric batteries, a full transition to these vehicles  would be a boon for the Chinese economy while hurting Americans.   It has become clear that transitioning to a fully electric auto  market would put China and not American autoworkers in the driver's  seat.   Today, it is time for the House to pass the Preserving Choice in  Vehicle Purchases Act and allow American families and American  consumers to choose the vehicles that they want and the vehicles that  they can afford.     The Governor of California does not have  the right to determine what type of vehicle my constituents in  Pennsylvania are able to buy. I urge my colleagues to support this  important legislation.   