 My friends, when Donald Trump was President, taxes were  cut, regulations were slashed, energy was abundant, wages were rising,  capital was returning from overseas to fund the dreams and ambitions of  our fellow Americans, and the economy was roaring. What a contrast to  what we have seen from this administration now.   I rise to nominate Donald Trump for the position of Speaker of the  House.   For all of the vitriol that we hear from the media and at times the  left, there were great moments of bipartisanship under the Trump  Presidency. The Democrat nominee for Speaker knows that well because he  led valiantly on the efforts for criminal justice reform, and I was  honored to join him.   I know no matter who is sitting in that Speaker chair, we have got a  lot of work to do on that very issue. We took a first step, but there  is a second step and a third step to take. I am glad that we were able  to work with President Trump, with Republicans, and with Democrats to  provide real outcomes for Americans to create greater prosperity and  more opportunity.   I also care deeply about President Trump's focus on our Nation's  veterans. It seems for far too long on the campaign trail, veterans  were disregarded, forgotten about. When we would get elected to office,  their issues would not always rise and get center stage, but we were  able to pass veterans' accountability measures. We were able to  actually get people fired at the VA who weren't doing their job. What a  great thing that would be to extend, to continue, and to continue to  nourish.   President Trump oriented our views on trade so that we actually put  the American people first, not foreign interests abroad or special  interests here at home.   President Trump knew that we had to confront China, that China had  already engaged in a trade war against us, but it was a war that we  were surrendering, and so we started to fight back.   He stood with our farmers.   On foreign policy, we stopped trying to find a new Jeffersonian  democracy to build out of sand and blood and Arab militias in the  Middle East. As a matter of fact, President Trump, I believe, is the  first President in my lifetime who didn't start any new wars. This is  an issue that I know unites some elements of the right and left for the  benefit of our communities.   This government for far too long has been deeply corrupt. This town  has been deeply corrupt. The way people get leadership positions and  chairmanships and opportunities to be able to morally preen has been by  accepting lobbyist and special interest money and redistributing that  money as currency for favors. That is not a criticism of either  political party. It is a criticism of what we have allowed to happen in  this place.   If we just go next man up on our side of the aisle, we will reify  that corrupt system, and we will abandon the people who are expecting  us to fight for them.   I have heard from my colleagues about all the important work we have  to do, and it is my sincere fear that if we were to allow Mr. McCarthy  to assume the Speakership, that would not get done, that it would be  business as usual, and the very same things that have paralyzed  progress for both parties would continue to shackle us to never-ending  failure. We can be better than that. We can raise our gaze, indeed.   We also have to restore to the Speaker's office an actual person that  ought to be in the Speaker's office, not the squatter who is currently  there. If the Architect of the Capitol is listening, I have sent a  letter. I would like to know what the basis is to allow somebody to  occupy the Speaker's office who comes in second place 10 straight  times. Is there some basis in law or rule or precedent for that?   I nominate President Trump because we must make our country great  again, and he can start by making the House of Representatives great  again.   The CLERK. The Clerk recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr.  Good).   