 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H. Con. Res. 21.   Mr. Speaker, though I oppose an indefinite U.S. military presence in  Syria, this measure forces a premature end to our mission at a critical  time for our efforts. Forcing such a premature removal of U.S. forces  not only endangers our national security, it threatens that of our  allies and partners across the region and beyond and, most of all, the  Syrian Kurds.   Our very small footprint in northeast Syria, alongside our courageous  Syrian Kurdish partners, continues to serve a valuable purpose as we  partner with them in ensuring ISIS does not reconstitute and again  destabilize the region or use Syria as a base for attacks elsewhere.   We have seen how ISIS has wrought its brutality, not only on the  populations of Syria and Iraq, especially against ethnic minority  groups, but also launched brutal attacks, such as those in Paris,  Brussels, Istanbul, and beyond.   Our military and intelligence leaders continue to warn publicly about  the potential for ISIS to resurge if they are given the opportunity,  including Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Mark Milley,  who, just last week, made a public visit to northeast Syria. He  highlighted the importance of finishing the job against ISIS and  emphasized, if we ignore and turn our back, then we are setting the  conditions for a resurgence.   Our presence also serves a critical advisory and assist role as the  SDF continues to administer ISIS detainee facilities, including those  holding experienced, highly trained ISIS fighters, as the United  States, along with our coalition partners, works to safely and humanely  repatriate them to their countries of origin. Pulling the plug now on  this important mission jeopardizes the important work and support role  that we play.   Finally, while I share the passion of the cosponsor of this  legislation for Congress reclaiming its war powers, I do not think this  concurrent resolution is the proper vehicle for doing so.   Last Congress, under my leadership, the House Foreign Affairs  Committee marked up repeals of three of the four existing AUMFs that  are on the books. The full House passed each of these measures as well  but, unfortunately, they languished on the other side of the Capitol.   We need to continue this work, and I look forward to working with  Chairman McCaul and the gentleman from Florida on these efforts.  Congress must repeal outdated war authorizations once and for all, and  I applaud the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for their bipartisan  vote to repeal the 2002 and the 1991 AUMFs earlier today.   So we have important work to do. We should define hostilities in  statute, not because it is an easy fix, but because it is a hard  question that underpins key national security issues around the globe.   Toughest of all, we must repeal the 2001 AUMF and replace it with a  narrow force authorization that grants the President authority to  combat select terrorists enumerated in countries where the United  States' national security is at stake. I intend to introduce such an  AUMF later this year.   I believe that the importance of combating ISIS in Syria should be on  such an authorization, and this is part of why I oppose H. Con. Res.  21.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to oppose this resolution, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am glad to yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Nadler), the ranking member of the House Judiciary  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Crow).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Moulton).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Massachusetts.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Virginia (Ms. Spanberger).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Virginia.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Mr. Speaker, there is one thing that is clear from this debate that I  think we all can agree upon: We need to debate and look at AUMFs and  that Congress must assert its authority that the Constitution has given  us. I think that that is something that we can all agree and work  together on.   Chairman McCaul and I had these conversations last year in the last  Congress, and we will continue to have them on the House Foreign  Affairs Committee, I am sure, because it is important.   For me, the toughest votes that I have had as a Member of Congress is  to determine whether or not we should send our women and men into  combat. So I should not now, because it is a tough vote, yield that to  anyone because it is my responsibility and our responsibility as  Members of Congress to make that decision.   I, again, call on Members to oppose this measure as such a forced  premature end to our presence and joint  [[Page H1180]]  efforts in northeast Syria because this not only threatens to give ISIS  an opportunity to resurge and again use Syria as a launchpad for  attacks throughout the region and beyond, but it also leaves our Syrian  partners out to dry.   Any withdrawal of U.S. forces must be done in close coordination with  our coalition allies and partners because our courageous Syrian  opposition friends need to be a part of this, and we need to talk to  them in a manner that ensures our national security.   I hope my colleagues will join me as I oppose this resolution and  look forward to a future debate on AUMF issues.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   