 Mr. President, back in 2019, I believe April of 2019, if  not the first, I must have been one of the first people to call for the  company TikTok to be banned in the United States. So it has been a  while now; it is not something I just came up with the other day.   But I do think that is a pretty extraordinary thing, to ban a  company, and so before I think we--for someone like me, who has argued  for a national ban on a company like this, to take away something from  over 100-and-something million Americans, many of whom I have heard  from, many of whom I know personally--before we do something like that,  I think people deserve an explanation as to why is it that we would  want to do that. I don't think the answer can just be ``Trust us. It is  bad for America.'' I think they do deserve an answer, and I think they  do deserve a clear argument as to why it is in our national interest to  do this and why it is the only option we have.   First, I think it is important to understand how TikTok works. It is  an ingenious app--no one argues about it--these short-form videos, and  it always seems to show you what you want to see. The more you use it,  the more it shows you the things you want to see.   How does it do that? Well, it does it two ways. First of all, it  scoops up an extraordinary amount of data--not just data on what you  are watching, all kinds of data. CNBC actually talked about it. TikTok,  you know, collects your content that you viewed, content you created,  shared. Beyond that, it includes your contact list. It collects your  name, your age, your user name, your emails, your messages, your  photos, your videos, and other personal information. In fact, in 2021,  TikTok changed its privacy policies. It can now even collect biometric  data, like your faceprint--you know that thing you use when the phone  unlocks?--and the voiceprint of its users. It is an extraordinary  amount of data.   But that is not the only thing it does--because I hear some people  criticizing us and all they talk about is, well, everybody collects  data. It is not just the data. What really makes TikTok so effective is  that it has an algorithm that uses artificial intelligence to combine  all of this data and your usage, and what that does is it basically-- that algorithm, it knows you better than you know yourself. It knows  the videos you are going to like before you even know you are going to  like them, and it is an extraordinary power behind this. It is what  they call a recommender engine. We are going to call it an algorithm.  It is a predictor.   Now, people would say: Well, what is the big deal? All social media  app companies do that, not just them. I mean, Netflix does it to  recommend movies you might want to watch, and Spotify does it to  recommend music. Clearly, Instagram and Facebook and Snap and Twitter-- all of them have an algorithm, and all of them collect data. So what is  the big deal? What they are doing is no different than anything else.    Here is the difference. The difference is, of all these companies I  just mentioned to you, the only one that has a parent company that is a  Chinese company that owns it is ByteDance. And it is not just that  there is a Chinese company; they own and they operate the heart and  soul of TikTok, the recommender engine, the algorithm. That belongs to  ByteDance. In order for this to work, in order for TikTok to work,  ByteDance has to have access to the data of Americans. They have to.   Now, here is where people will say to you: Well, so what if it is a  Chinese company? It doesn't all have to be American companies.   Actually, the CEO of TikTok was here last week, and he said: You  know, ByteDance--I am trying to paraphrase it, but I wrote it--is not  owned or controlled by the Chinese Government. They are a private  company that is owned by outside investors that include Americans.   Well, this is disingenuous. It is not true. And let me tell you why  it is not true.   First of all, there is no such thing as a private company in China-- not in the way we think of a private company. Let me explain why.   In China, No. 1, they have a law called the national intelligence  law, and the national intelligence law of China requires--doesn't ask  for; doesn't say: We can go to court and require you to do this. No,  no. It automatically requires--the national intelligence law of China  requires every single Chinese company--that includes ByteDance--to do  whatever the Government of China tells them to do.   China has another law. It is called the data security law. What that  law says is that every tech company in China--like ByteDance, a tech  company in China--they have to hand over to the government whatever  user information--whatever information they  [[Page S970]]  want. They have to do it by law. That is a big difference between them  and these other companies.   So the bottom line is this when it comes to those who argue that it  is not a company controlled by the Chinese Government--I read the other  day that China says they are going to block any forced sale of TikTok.  Well, how could China block the forced sale of TikTok if they don't  control TikTok? The reason they can block it is because they control-- the government, through these laws--they control the company that  controls the algorithm that drives TikTok. It is controlled by  ByteDance. Under Chinese law, if the Government of China tells  ByteDance, the owner of TikTok, to use the algorithm a certain way,  they have to do it.   It doesn't matter who the shareholders--it doesn't matter if 100  percent of the shareholders of ByteDance are Americans. If they are  located in China and the Chinese Government tells them: We want you to  use the algorithm and the data you have access to in a certain way,  they have no choice but to do it. That is not just true for ByteDance;  that is true for every company in China.   So a lot of people say: OK. Well, then, the solution is this: Let's  just store all the American data here in America. Let's just put it all  in a server located in the United States, and that will do the trick.   No, it won't, and here is why. Even if you stored all of the data  that TikTok has on Americans--over a hundred-something million users-- even if you stored all of it, ByteDance in China still has to be given  access to that data. You may have it stored in America, but you have to  give access to ByteDance. Do you know why? Because the algorithm that  TikTok depends on doesn't work without the data. ByteDance has to have  access. That is almost like putting your life savings in a safe but  then giving the thief the combination. Who cares that it is in the  safe? Who cares where the safe is? If the thief has the combination,  they can get into the safe.   So it doesn't matter where you store the data; if ByteDance owns the  algorithm, they have to have access to the data, and if they have  access to the data, the Chinese Government has access to the data  whenever they want.   The latest iteration is, well, what we should do is we should force  TikTok to be sold. Sold to whom? TikTok is worthless--worthless-- without the algorithm. So even if TikTok, as we know the company, is  bought by Americans, they still need the algorithm that ByteDance owns,  and you can't buy the algorithm from ByteDance even if they wanted to  sell it to you. Do you know why? Do you know why ByteDance can never  sell you the algorithm, the recommender engine that powers TikTok?  Because the Chinese Government in 2020 imposed a law that prohibits it.  The Chinese Government specifically imposed a law in 2020 that says you  cannot transfer the algorithm outside of China. So selling it is not  going to make a difference because no matter who buys it, TikTok is  worthless. It won't work without the algorithm. The algorithm belongs  to ByteDance, ByteDance is in China, and they have to do whatever the  Chinese Government tells them to do.    This is where people have said to me: Well, who cares? Who cares if  the Chinese Government controls the algorithm and has access to the  data?   They want me to explain how an app that features funny videos and the  latest dance fad--how that is possibly a national security threat. So  let me walk you through a very realistic hypothetical.   Let's suppose for a moment that China decides they are going to  invade Taiwan in 2027 or 2028, and the key to a successful invasion or  taking of Taiwan is to prevent the United States of America from  getting involved, and the key to keeping the United States from getting  involved is to convince the American people that we shouldn't get  involved because they know we are a democracy. They know that public  opinion matters in America.   Knowing all this, the Chinese Government goes to ByteDance, who, by  law, has to do whatever they are told, and the Chinese Government says  to ByteDance: We want you to align your algorithm to shape American  public opinion on Taiwan.   They won't do this overnight; they will spend a couple years laying  this out.   We want you to align your algorithm to make sure that people in  America are seeing messages that convince them that America should not  get involved, and not only that, we want you to use the data to target  specific American audiences with specific messages.   For example, some Americans might see a bunch of videos that allege  to show people in Taiwan--probably fake but nonetheless people in  Taiwan supporting a Chinese takeover. Maybe family members--remember,  they have all this data on us. Family members of military members would  see videos about how thousands of Americans will die if the United  States gets involved. Others might see videos of Americans--or who they  think are Americans--arguing: Why do we care about Taiwan? We should be  focused on our problems here at home.   When we notice that they are doing something about it--that is what  people will say: Well, when that happens, then you deal with it.   Well, once you notice that they are actually doing it and we try to  do something about it, do you know what comes next? Here is what comes  next--what is already happening now. You are going to have a bunch of  small businesses in America that depend on marketing on TikTok. And let  me tell you something. I don't diminish that. It is true. I know people  who have built up their businesses, and they use TikTok for marketing,  and it works. It is better than the other apps for that.   But just imagine when we go to them and say: Guys, we have to shut  TikTok down now because now it is real. Now they are using it against  us.   Those people are going to come up and say: You are going to destroy  my business.   In fact, China will probably threaten those people. China will  probably make it very clear: The U.S. gets involved, we are going to  knock all the Americans off of TikTok. Down goes your business.   Those people will suddenly be asking their elected official here not  to get involved in Taiwan. Do you know where we find ourselves then?  Paralyzed. A country that is paralyzed, that cannot act in its own  national security interests because we have allowed an adversary to  basically use an app that they control and the data that they control  to shape public opinion in America over an extended period of time, and  we can't do anything about it.   Now, here is where some people will say: Well, that is a violation of  the First Amendment--free country.   I agree. You have a right to speak. I don't agree that it is a  violation of the First Amendment; I agree that you have a right to  speak and say anything you want in America.   This is not about the content of the video. What this is about is the  existence of a company that is related to an important government  interest.   What is that government interest? It is not just a substantial  government interest; it is the most important government interest that  we have--the national security of our country. And preventing our  country from being paralyzed from acting in its national security  interest is the most compelling and important government interest one  can imagine.   Now, people say: Well, this is all hypothetical. There is no evidence  the Chinese Government is doing any of this.   Well, let me first start by saying that every threat to our national  security begins as theoretical before it becomes reality.   For example, China is building hypersonic missiles designed to sink  our ships. They are not firing them at our ships today. They are not  sinking our ships. They are not even threatening to sink our ships  openly. Yet, somehow, everybody around here agrees that we have got to  do something about the hypersonics.   But they are not doing it now. It is theoretical, right?   Russia has never launched nuclear missiles against the United States,  but we spend a lot of money every year on NORAD, on monitoring our  skies, on making sure that we aren't being attacked. It is a  theoretical threat, but one we have taken seriously for 70 years.   Second, what is so theoretical about using propaganda during a time  of war?  [[Page S971]]  There is nothing theoretical about propaganda during war and conflict.  In fact, propaganda has been a weapon that has been used in virtually  every conflict for centuries to demoralize and to divide your  adversary.   Third, this is not just theoretical. We have actually seen TikTok be  used to drive messages and to undermine opponents. It was used to  spread pro-Russian messages during the invasion of Ukraine. It has been  used to suppress videos talking about Tiananmen Square and the genocide  of Uighur Muslims in China. It is already being used to censor all  kinds of--in fact, it was used. It was used to control content and  limit content about our elections in this country in 2022.   It goes more. I can go further than that. ByteDance has already been  used. ByteDance China has already been used to collect data on specific  reporters whose stories ByteDance didn't like. So they used it to track  the locations of these reporters.   Where are they? Who are they talking to? In fact, here in America-- here in America--TikTok was caught spying on American journalists who  were writing stories that TikTok didn't like, and TikTok denied it: It  is not true; it is a lie.   And then they had to admit it. So now, it is: Oh, we fired the people  who did this.   And now they are under Justice Department investigation.   But here is the point I would say about this whole theoretical thing.  If God forbid--and I say ``God forbid,'' I really do, because no one  wishes for armed conflict with anyone. There is nothing good about war.  If, God forbid, we are ever in a war with China, China will use cyber  attacks to try to take down our electric grid. China will use space  weapons to try to destroy the satellites we have in space. China will  use these missiles to sink our ships and kill Americans.   China will do all these things, but somehow we think they are  incapable of using a social media app with 150 to 200 million users.  They would never use that against us. They will sink our ships, shoot  down our satellites, shut down our grid, but they would never use an  app that they control. Come on. Of course, they would.   Look, there is a lot more to say on this topic, and this is one we  should debate and talk about. This is a big deal. Don't take this  lightly.   But I will say this. You know, since 1991, America has been the sole  superpower in the world. I would venture to guess that almost everyone  who serves here did not serve in government at a time when America had  a near-peer adversary, for the most part. So I think we, generally, as  a nation--certainly, the government--have forgotten what it is like to  live in a world in which there is another country and another  government that has almost as much power as we do. But, after 30 years,  that is where we are. That is where we stand right now. Whether we like  it or not, we are in a near-peer competition and, in many ways, a  conflict with China for global influence, for the direction of the  world, with two very different views of the planet--with the Government  of China, by the way, because I always hear people talk about this: We  have no problem. The Chinese people are the No. 1 victims of the  Chinese Communist Party on the planet. The No. 1 victims of the Chinese  Communist Party are the Chinese people.   But their government--it is very simple, guys. They want to be the  world's most powerful country, and they want to do it at our expense.  And the consequences of that is that the world's most powerful country  will be a nation that puts Uighur Muslims in death camps; that is  trying to destroy Tibetan culture; that had no problem massacring their  own people in Tiananmen Square; that as we speak, right now, are arming  the Russians to commit these atrocities in Ukraine; that don't believe  any of the things we are debating about free speech and the like.   We are in a competition, and we are in a conflict--hopefully, never  an armed one, but, nonetheless, a conflict. And we have, operating in  our country, an app--the fastest growing app--a social media app that  has the most detailed personal data on over 100 million American users  and growing, and they are turning over the power for, one day, for them  to use it to divide us, to paralyze us, to confuse us, to turn us  against each other.   Think of the damage that Russia did by putting bots, fake accounts,  on Twitter and buying ads on Facebook. Can you imagine if Russia  actually owned Facebook or Twitter--not put ads, not put bots, but  actually controlled those companies--the damage they would have done to  this country?   Now, imagine that with a country with an economy 50 times the size  and with 100 times more capabilities, because that is what we are  facing here.   It is not a game, and we should take it seriously. If there is a way  to deal with this that doesn't involve a ban or something drastic, I  have always been open to that. But it doesn't exist because of the way  this company is structured. And we had better take it seriously or one  day, 20, 30 years from now, people will look back and say: You guys  should have taken it seriously--and we failed to do so, and we paid the  price for it.   We should act on it as soon as possible. We should ban TikTok because  it is bad for America. It harms our country, and it is a danger to our  future.   I yield the floor.   