 Mr. President, so far--so far--the United States is  standing behind Israel, as it should, in Israel's fight against Hamas-- so far.   Don't go wobbly on us, President Biden. Don't go wobbly on Israel.   But some people in Washington seem confused as to why America backs  Israel. I am seeing a lot of hand-wringing from folks who like to  pretend that there is some kind of--they use this word a lot:  ``nuance''--that there is some kind of nuance we need to apply to the  Hamas terrorist attacks of October 7 before we can condemn Hamas and  hold its supporters accountable. President Obama has even suggested  that somehow we are all complicit in the bloodshed.   Some people promoting this idea of nuance, frankly, believe that  Israel got what it deserves. Now, they don't say that, but that is what  they believe. They believe that Israel got what it deserved. These  folks who believe that also apparently believe in diversity, equity,  inclusion, and the right to kill Jews.   Thankfully, that is not most Americans. That is a lot of people here  in Washington, DC.   In Louisiana, however, my State, we understand that the debased  people who slaughtered hundreds of young people at a peace concert are  the bad guys. In Louisiana, we understand that the odious men who raped  women, raped and sodomized women next to the bodies of their dead  friends, don't deserve to be on this planet. We in Louisiana understand  that the degenerates--the degenerates--who forced kidnapped Holocaust  survivors to pose for photos--to pose for photos, for God's sake--next  to their terrorist captors are just wrong.   Nothing--nothing--that the Israeli Government has ever done or could  do warranted throwing grenades at children hiding in a bomb shelter.  Why are some people reluctant to admit that?   You don't need to read a treatise on the Middle East to know that  only monsters--monsters with black hearts--would put a baby in an oven  and flip on the switch, as one first responder reported. That is not  nuance; that is evil.   The evil we saw unfold when Hamas butchered Israeli civilians is  indefensible. It is indefensible. Those terrorists brutalized thousands  of people, including dozens of our American friends and neighbors.  Hearing the stories from the survivors and from the first responders-- it is nauseating. It is not nuance; it is evil.   Yet the Hamas terrorists took joy, they yelped for joy, as they  massacred civilians. One terrorist called his mom--called his mother-- to brag that he had ``killed 10 Jews with my own hands.'' Who would  brag about something like that? Another Hamas official celebrated the  violence and vowed to continue to wage attacks like this ``again and  again and again'' until Israel no longer exists.   No family in Israel will be able to sleep soundly at night until  these terrorists are wiped off the face of the Earth.   Israel has both the right and it has the responsibility to defend  itself. I am proud that the United States of America is supporting  Israel.   Don't go wobbly on us, President Biden. Stand your ground. Don't go  wobbly.   I am proud that the United States is supporting Israel. The world  will be a safer place for Israelis and Americans alike when Hamas  ceases to exist.   Hamas leaders told anyone who would listen--anyone who would listen-- they told us exactly what they intended to do and wanted to do and will  continue to do. They told anyone who would listen that their goal is to  kill as many Jewish people as possible, and that is still their goal.   This wasn't a protest against Israel's Government; it was a massacre  of Jewish people--the largest since the Holocaust.  [[Page S5629]]    It is not surprising, then, that some who oppose intervention in Gaza  have turned to attacking Jewish Americans.   In New York City, those people cornered Jewish students in a library,  forcing a librarian to offer to hide the students in an attic. At  Cornell University, they threatened to shoot up the kosher dining hall.  At my State's Tulane University, activists broke a student's nose  because he opposed their anti-Israel demonstration.   These protests didn't occur in New York City or Cornell or Tulane by  accident; they targeted these areas because they are home to many  Americans who happen to be Jewish. That is just a fact. New York is  home to the largest Jewish population outside of Israel. Tulane, in my  State, which was the first university in the South to welcome Jewish  students, has a student body today that is roughly 40 percent Jewish.  It was no accident.   When confused activists twist themselves in knots trying to justify  the torture and the rape and the killing of Jews in the Middle East,  they are feeding the fires of anti-Semitism here at home as well.  Unfortunately, we have seen that over the past few weeks.   Let's not forget--it is Hamas who is using civilians as human  shields. Hamas is the group also hoarding fuel and food as Palestinian  civilians starve. Hamas is the group that dug up water pipes to turn  them into rocket launchers.   The truth is that the Palestine people, the people of Gaza, and the  Israeli people all suffer because of Hamas, and any suggestion that  Israel is culpable for this suffering plays into the hands of the  terrorists.   In Louisiana, we can see through the pseudo-intellectual hand- wringing of Israel's critics. The truth is that Hamas brutalized  Israeli citizens and then ran home to hide behind their women and  children, using those women and children as human shields. They are the  lowest kind of pond scum, the lowest kind of sadists imaginable.   Over the past week, Hamas has released some hostages as part of a  temporary cease-fire. I am happy for that, and the American people are  happy for that. I and they hope that every hostage will be reunited  with their family soon. We cannot forget, however--we should not  forget, however--that Hamas vowed to continue attacking and kidnapping  Israeli citizens again and again and again, and the only way to stop  this cycle is to eliminate Hamas.   I was out of the country, in another country, when Hamas attacked  Israel, and I did not know what position President Biden would take. I  didn't. He said: I am standing with Israel. I was so relieved.   I know President Biden is under a lot of pressure from the loon wing  of his party to abandon Israel, to demand a permanent cease-fire, to  let Hamas go unpunished. But Hamas doesn't want a permanent cease-fire.  Hamas had a permanent cease-fire on October 6, the day before they  attacked Israeli civilians, and Hamas forfeited that cease-fire  unilaterally.   Here is what Hamas wants: Hamas wants to terrorize Israel until all  of the Jewish people are dead. Hamas wants to terrorize Israel until  all of the Jewish people are dead. Hamas wants to kill Jews. Hamas  wants to kill Jews and drink their blood out of a boot.   That is not nuance, President Obama; that is evil.   President Biden needs to show the world--and, frankly, some members  of his own party--that the United States of America and its good people  will continue to stand with Israel until Hamas is in ruins, until Hamas  is dead and we drink their blood out of a boot, until Hamas's genocidal  agenda is abandoned.   The world will be safer on that day, and it will certainly be safer  because Hamas is not in it. By supporting Israel's efforts, Americans  are helping to ensure that an attack like October 7 never happens  again, and I think most fairminded Americans understand that.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   