 Mr. President, I thank my colleague, the Democratic  leader, for the opportunity to speak to this particular issue today.   This is an issue that I think has caught the attention of the  American people, and, most certainly, the lack of transparency on the  matter, which is of real interest to a lot of the folks who have  watched from the outside. It brings together, I think, a notable  parallel in the withholding of information about items that are in the  government's possession regarding, in this particular case, the  assassination of President John F. Kennedy.   That same approach by government in terms of the possible withholding  of information brings more questions and more attention to the issue of  the assassination. We wanted to take that same approach with regard to  how we could dispel myths and misinformation about UAPs--about  unidentified flying objects, unidentified objects that simply have come  to the attention of the American people.   Congress did pass legislation 30 years ago requiring the review and  release of all records relating to that historic tragedy--the  assassination of John Kennedy--which has led to the release of a great  deal of information.   The UAP Disclosure Act was closely modeled on the J.F.K. records act.    I would agree, sir, and I think one of the most  significant shortcomings that I think we need to disavow as well--the  shortcomings of the conference committee agreement that are now being  voted on--was the rejection, first of all, of a government-wide review  board composed of expert citizens, Presidentially appointed and Senate  confirmed, to control the process of reviewing the records and  recommending to the President what records should be released  immediately or postponed; and a requirement, as a transparency measure,  for the government to retain any recovered UAP material or biological  remains that may have been provided to private entities in the past and  thereby hidden from Congress and the American people.   We are lacking oversight opportunities, and we are not fulfilling our  responsibilities.    I agree with my friend and colleague.   To those who think that the citizen review board that would have been  created in our UAP Disclosure Act would be unprecedented and somehow go  too far, we note that the proposed review board was very closely  modeled on the review board established in the J.F.K. Assassination  Records Act of 1992, which has successfully guided the release of  records to the American public on another very sensitive matter of high  interest to the American people.   It does one more thing that we really need to recognize, and that is  that there is, we believe, information and data that has been collected  by more than just the Department of Defense--but by other Agencies of  the Federal Government, as well--and by allowing for an outside,  independent collection of these records, we can make progress in terms  of dispelling myths and providing accurate information to the American  people.   