 Mr. Chair, we are in the midst of a major overhaul of  our nuclear weapons system. It is a vast project and extraordinarily  expensive, and in that process of reviewing and modifying our nuclear  weapons system, this particular bomb becomes one of the items that is  not necessary going forward.   It basically has two uses. That is to wipe out a very large city with  one bomb--this is a super-megaton bomb--or to somehow go after deeply  buried and entrenched targets, and it is not particularly useful for  that. Therefore, the Nuclear Posture Review has determined that this  bomb should be retired.   The amendment before us today allows for the continuation of the  program to set about doing two things: one, retiring the 83-1; and two,  figuring out a more suitable weapon to go after deeply entrenched  targets. Therefore, this amendment is of use.   Mr. Chair, I urge the passage of the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, that was a most interesting argument  presented by our colleague.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Alabama  (Mr. Rogers), the chairman of the Armed Services Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Washington (Mr. Smith), the ranking member of the Armed Services  Committee.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself 2 minutes.   Mr. Chair, I am curious here about the history of the United States  Government putting its finger on the scale. Let's think for a moment  about the way in which the railroad industry was created in the United  States. We are talking not only a finger, a thumb, but the  extraordinary weight of the Federal Government creating it.   Let's talk about nuclear energy. Let's talk about aircraft. Let's  talk about the airline industry.   When we talk about anything in modern America today, in one way or  another, the Federal Government led and caused in part, together with  the private sector, for the industry to develop.   What we are doing here in the NDAA is to set out a mechanism using  the military to bring into the economy new technologies that are  sustainable and that reduce greenhouse gases.   If you want to buy steel from several American steel companies, this  amendment would make it impossible for the military to buy that steel  because they are using sustainable methods of creating the steel.   Throughout the entire system, we find the military moving toward  sustainability, reducing costs, and, I might add here, maintaining the  standard that is necessary for that particular steel structure. It  could be sustainable, using hydrogen rather than coal to create the  steel. It could be wood, cross-laminated wood products, which  previously were not used by the military because they weren't  considered. What we have done is to say consider using these  sustainable materials.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, it is always interesting to listen to my colleague, and I  often find that he is incorrect, Mr. Chairman. However, let's consider  for a moment what we really have here.   We have an entirely new system being developed within the United  States and really around the world, and that is new materials that are  being developed every day.   This amendment would make it difficult, if not impossible, for the  military to engage in the purchase of these new materials. It is, in  fact, the military that has throughout the history of the United States  brought into the American economy new systems and new materials. We can  go through a long list of those, but I won't spend all my time to do  that.   What I will simply say is that what we are doing with the NDAA is to  make sure that we have resiliency and that we are reducing the impact  of carbon in our society and in the climate of this world. We are also  requiring that those new materials meet the highest standards used in  all of the United States.   I am afraid that I am out of time. We will continue this in the back  room.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   