 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Texas  for offering this amendment.   Let's be clear: The only entity that has not done its job is NHTSA.   They were directed by Congress to do a study to establish standards  and failed to do that. Rather than them being punished, they are now  taking it out on manufacturers and dealers.   As Mr. Gooden said, this is not a safety issue. States have already  studied this. We should not be coming in and imposing penalties and  restrictions on manufacturers and dealers whenever it is NHTSA that has  failed to do its job.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment simply comes in and  establishes a threshold by which Congress must be involved in actually  approving costs that are imposed upon our constituents.   Mr. Chairman, we all represent somewhere in excess of 700,000 people,  and whenever we have unelected bureaucrats carrying out regulations  that may impose costs on our constituents, we should have a say in  that.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment simply says that any regulation that has a  cost in excess of $100 million must be approved by the Congress. That  is what representation looks like.   Mr. Chairman, we shouldn't be allowing unelected bureaucrats who are  sitting in dark cubicles in Washington, D.C., and who don't have a  clear understanding of what it is like across America, making these  decisions.   This is our job. If we support these regulations, if they provide a  positive cost-to-benefit, put us on record supporting it.   To put things in perspective, Mr. Chair, in the first 2 years of the  Biden administration, these very bureaucrats wrote regulations costing  Americans $200 billion. These are hidden taxes, Mr. Chair, that the  families we are representing have to pay.   In comparison, during the Trump administration, they actually  withdrew regulations costing the American household $11,000 per  household. They withdrew or reduced the costs, yet under this  administration, we are watching as thousands and thousands of  additional dollars are being heaped upon these same households.   Let me say it again. That is a hidden tax. If folks want to vote for  a tax, put them on the record doing it. If they want to break the backs  of American families, put them on the record doing it. Unelected  bureaucrats should not be making these decisions.   Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I want to put a face on it.  The National Association of Manufacturers says that the average  business has $10,000 in regulatory compliance costs per employee. If it  is a manufacturer, it is actually double, or $20,000.   To put a face on it, Mr. Chairman, the National Association of Home  Builders has estimated, in a May 2021 study, that the average home  costs $93,000 more--almost $94,000 more--for the average single-family  home as a result of complying with regulations. As a result of this  administration's policies on energy, the supply chain, and labor, they  estimate that there is an additional $36,000 to $38,000 cost on top of  that $94,000.   Mr. Chair, I can't say it enough: We can't afford this  administration. Whether it is the energy policy, the regulatory policy,  their inflation as a result of $10 trillion in excess spending that  they have imposed over the last few years, we simply can't afford it.  American families can't afford it.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   