 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak in support of my  amendment to the Protecting Free Speech from Government Interference  Act.   As we all know, the First Amendment is the foundation of our  Republic. It protects our right to speak, to worship, and to express  ourselves without fear of government retribution.   Unfortunately, we have seen an alarming trend of government officials  attempting to censor and silence viewpoints with which they disagree,  which are frequently conservative viewpoints.   This censorship often takes the form of using private companies to do  the government's bidding, otherwise known as government-by-proxy  censorship. The government can pressure or coerce these companies to  silence certain viewpoints, effectively bypassing the protections  afforded by the First Amendment. This is an egregious violation of our  constitutional rights and it must be stopped.   That is why I am proud to offer my amendment, which will strengthen  the Protecting Free Speech from Government Interference Act.   My amendment requires the Attorney General to submit an annual report  to Congress evaluating compliance with this Act by Federal agencies and  employees in the executive branch, including any instances of  censorship.   My amendment will shine a light on the Orwellian practice of using  taxpayer dollars to suppress speech through leveraging private  companies and hold the government accountable  [[Page H1187]]  for any attempts to circumvent Americans' First Amendment freedoms.   I thank Chairman Comer for his leadership on this critical issue and  for his support of my amendment. Together, we can make sure that the  government is held accountable and that our fundamental rights are  protected.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting my amendment and the  Protecting Free Speech from Government Interference Act.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, the gentleman from New York's remarks in  opposition to my amendment are puzzling.   I think my commonsense amendment should pass with broad bipartisan  support as it simply requires transparency and accountability via the  mechanism of a report to Congress. That is not a novel idea. It is  actually a very good one. It keeps the average American citizen  informed.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.  Comer).    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time for  closing.   I thank my friend from Kentucky (Mr. Comer) for his support for my  amendment to the Protecting Speech from Government Interference Act.   It is clear that this should be a bipartisan issue, and we must come  together to protect Americans' fundamental right of free speech.   My Democrat colleague on the other side of the aisle's opposition to  my amendment is disappointing but not surprising. The Democrats have  consistently shown that they are willing to use any means necessary to  censor speech with which they disagree, whether it is through  government officials or private companies. My amendment simply requires  transparency and accountability from the executive branch, and I fail  to see how anyone can be opposed to that.   Again, I urge all my colleagues to support my amendment to the  Protecting Speech from Government Interference Act. We must take a  stand against government-by-proxy censorship and ensure that the First  Amendment is upheld for all Americans.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   