 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, $451 billion, that is the cost of the American  taxpayer of caring for illegals who broke our laws and unlawfully  entered our country.   My amendment simply requires the Secretary of the Interior and the  Secretary of Agriculture to jointly submit an annual report, just a  report, to Congress that includes the number of aliens that have been  provided housing on federally managed lands and information regarding  such aliens' countries of origin.   This will be critical data, Mr. Chairman, and this amendment should  have bipartisan support.   This administration is extending an open invitation for foreign  nationals to invade our country and undermine the sovereignty of the  United States. As a reward, they are going to have their housing,  education, and every cost taken care of. If these illegal aliens need a  trip to the hospital, they don't need to meet a deductible because the  American taxpayer pays for it.   Between 16.8 million and 29 million illegals currently reside in the  United States, an incentive for more to come freely. There were 341,000  apprehensions at U.S. borders to the north and southwest made in  September. That is 1 month; setting an all-time record. There were  309,000 apprehensions calculated in October.   Mr. Chairman, this has to stop. We are a sovereign Nation. We have a  right to manage our lands. We have a right to say no.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I acknowledge my colleague's comment  regarding laws; that this bill, if passed, would essentially ban folks  from being housed on Federal lands. It should also be noted that there  are laws on the books that require our border to be secure, and, yet,  this administration ignores those laws. This amendment requires  accountability to the aforementioned.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Westerman).    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chairman, with this bill, part of what we are trying to  accomplish is securing our border, securing our country. There are  hard-earned taxpayer dollars being sent to house illegals.   In New York alone, Mayor Adams has said that housing illegals could  cost up to $12 billion. That is $12 billion that could be used for  children in need, to educate our children, for children who are  underperforming in school. That is $12 billion that the city of New  York could use for our veterans.   We have to prioritize Americans. We have to prioritize the security  of our border.   I was in Tucson in August, and I was in an area that was even then  controlled by the cartel. Now, we hear because of the war, the  shooting, the lawlessness in that very sector, that the Border Patrol  has had to pull back.   There is a war going on at our southern border, and it could be  stopped, Mr. Chairman. It is time to close, to secure, our border. You  have women and children who are being raped daily at our southern  border, and this administration is doing nothing about it. I have had  enough. All this amendment does is require a report. It requires  accountability.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   