 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I never know who I am, whether I am a rightwing MAGA  extremist or a Ron DeSantis-supporting RINO. Today, where I am here on  the floor is--I would just say this: ``I cannot agree to vote for a  full increase in the debt without any assurance that steps will be  taken . . . to reduce the alarming increase in the deficits and the  debt.'' Those aren't my words. Those were Joe Biden's words in October  1984, when the debt was $1.5 trillion.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle are hiding. They want to  hide behind process. What they don't want the American people to know  is that this bill has been available since last Wednesday; that of the  20 debt ceiling increases since 2000, only two have gone through  committee; that H.R. 1 in this bill went through regular order and  passed off the floor; that the REINS Act, which is in this bill in its  existing form, passed this very body on a bipartisan basis in 2017;  that the spending repeals that we have in this bill are clean cuts,  cutting the very things that this body with Democrat control passed  with 158 proxy votes in August, calling people back and forcing some of  us to have to fly back with the kind of process that we learned to  expect under Speaker Pelosi.   Instead, here, what did we have last night? Yes, we had an agreement  late at night. Do you know what that agreement was, Mr. Speaker? It was  a recognition of the deal that had already been constructed, which was  to say we are going to repeal the god-awful IRA subsidies destroying  our economy, which are absolutely going to enrich a handful of  corporate America, pushing their green subsidies, enriching themselves,  and destroying the American economy and energy freedom.   That is what we are doing: restoring exactly what agreement had been  reached that we had decided last week.   The simple fact is that the American people don't really care what my  Democratic colleagues have to say because it is more of the same scare  tactics.   They want to say that we are cutting spending to oblivion, yet the  reality is what we are dealing with, Mr. Speaker, is if you kept the  fiscal year 2023 defense level spending--last year's defense spending-- and add to it the nondefense level of that MAGA extremist Barack Obama  that he proposed in his last budget for fiscal year 2024, then you get  exactly the $1.471 trillion level we are proposing. That is the truth.   Proposing pre-COVID nondefense level spending; proposing a defense to  match China; proposing the kind of cuts the American people expect us  to do in upfront first-year cuts, to cut student loans that are unfair  to the plumber and making sure that they are biased toward kids who  rack up debt; we are going to make sure that we are increasing our  economic productivity by getting rid of the regulatory stranglehold  with the regulations that are in the IRA regulations; and then we are  going to make sure that we get rid of the COVID spending to $50 billion  of unobligated dollars, in addition to making sure that the American  people can carry out their business without constraint from  government--in short, we are going to shrink Washington and grow  America.   The American people are tired of the same. They want us to do our  job. They are tired of Chuck Schumer and President Biden doing  absolutely nothing.   Republicans in the House are doing our job, and we are going to send  this over to the Senate.   