 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this is actually an amendment that is  brutal. It is not a happy place to go, but I am trying to be  intellectually honest here.   Every dime we vote on as Members of Congress is now borrowed.  Remember, Mr. Chairman, the last fiscal year we borrowed 8.4 percent of  GDP. Every dime of military is borrowed; every dime of nondefense is  discretionary, which is functionally what we are going over right now,  and, what, $300 billion, $400 billion of Medicare. For my brothers and  sisters on the left, their solution is often: Well, raise revenues.   Mr. Chairman, we are engaged in this insanity right now where we are  borrowing money to send it to entities that have their own taxing  authority.   I have been the treasurer of the fourth biggest county in America. I  managed the bank, I managed the tax collections, and I managed the  finances, or parts of the finances. I understand local government and  the burdens there, but we had taxing authority.   Is it rational in a society, particularly with the higher interest  rates, for us to borrow and then send the money to entities with their  own taxing authority?   Mr. Chair, I understand both on Republicans and Democrats, we despise  this because there are lots of things we like. There are things I like  that I voted for for years now, but I just look at the math, and I keep  wondering: Is it both moral or rational for us to borrow money and send  it to entities that have their own taxing authority?   If these programs are so important, which many of them are, there is  a solution. Those entities can actually produce the receipts and  revenues themselves.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I think the chairman actually was  generous. I think it is a lot more than a sledgehammer. This is like a  small nuclear weapon. Partially that was the point.   Obviously, I care tremendously about IHS and have worked really hard  on that. I am just trying to work through this. I want to put this in a  moral paradigm. I have my 15-month-old sitting behind me, but this is  no longer about the next generation. It is about your own retirement.   We have a math problem. It is a brutal math problem. One more time:  We borrow every dime of discretionary; we borrow every dime of  military; and now we are actually borrowing hundreds and hundreds of  billions of dollars of what is mandatory. Some of this breaks my heart,  but I don't seem to be able to communicate to my brothers and sisters  how ugly the math is.   One more time: As of yesterday, we were borrowing $78,000 every  second. $78,000 every second. For our friends on the left, they care  about this. We care about this. It is just so hard to turn off the  faucet.   The very last thing, and then I am going to sit down and shut up and  go away. The debt is primarily driven by demographics. It is something  we don't tell honestly, but we got old. If you actually look at from  today through the next 30 years, 100 percent of the projected debt, 75  percent of it is Medicare, 25 percent if we backfill Social Security in  9 years when the trust fund is empty.   Do you see any of this debate--and I know this is small compared to  the scale we are borrowing, but I have to find some way to get people  to start understanding the scale of this math because the math always  wins. Sometimes it takes a while, but the math will always win.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   