 Madam President, I want to thank my friend and colleague  from Mississippi for her comments on this subject.   I am down here on the floor to also talk about the crisis at the  border--the humanitarian crisis, the Homeland Security crisis, and a  crisis that is resulting in cartels making $800 million a year in human  trafficking.   I joined a bipartisan delegation 2 weeks ago. We visited the border.  It was very productive. It was one of the first bipartisan delegations  in quite some time. The reason that was important is, if you go down  there with a  [[Page S90]]  partisan delegation, you are only going to actually talk about one side  of the issue. If you go down there with a bipartisan delegation, you  can talk about what we need to do on a bipartisan basis to solve the  crisis at the border.   I want to start where Senator Hyde-Smith finished--the humanitarian  crisis. I am one of the Members who has been trying to negotiate a  bipartisan immigration reform bill that has border security and asylum  reform in it. I had a lot of my staff ask me: Why would you do that?  You know it is going to be unpopular. You are going to get criticized  from the left for going too far. You are going to get criticized from  the right for having any discussion about immigration reform.   I have been down to the border several times. I told my staff that it  is hard for me to forget border security telling me that they just  transported an 11-year-old girl who had been repeatedly raped, so much  so, she screamed so long she couldn't even speak anymore before she  crossed the border.   I told them I can't forget going down the Rio Grande River and seeing  a corpse taken out of the river, realtime, while I was down there. It  wasn't staged because it is happening repeatedly every year.   When you hear stories of truckloads of people being bused across the  border--53 of them dying through suffocation and heat exposure on  American soil--I can't forget that. That is a humanitarian crisis that  has to be solved.    Then I went to the border last week and I started at the Rio Grande  Sector and then I went over to the Yuma sector. At night, at the Rio  Grande Sector, we saw two Chinese nationals who had been apprehended.   Chinese nationals pay, on average, about $35,000 to cross the border.  In many cases, they don't have the money to do it. They have somebody  invest in them, and then they become indentured servants in the United  States to pay off that debt.   You have people pay $5,000, $6,000, $10,000 who have an expectation  from the cartel that they have a debt to be repaid. That may be an  honest job that they could get or that could be an illegal activity  that helps the cartels.   Now we go over to the Yuma Sector. The Yuma Sector is in Western  Arizona. There is a section of border there that hasn't been completed.  It is about 7 miles wide. But the most important part of that 7 miles  is about a 12-foot gate. Three years ago, 8,000 people crossed through  that gate; 2 years ago, 200,000 people crossed through that same 12- foot gate; and over the last 12 months, 300,000 people have. Five  thousand of them were Russian nationals; another 5,000 were Chinese  nationals.   Look, I understand why people want to get out of Russia, and I  understand why people want to get out of China. What I don't understand  is why on Earth in transit to that border--that dangerous crossing that  you are paying tens of thousands of dollars to a cartel, a  transnational criminal organization--why on Earth wouldn't you stop in  a nation that is safe, the first safe country that you can get to out  of the country that you are trying to flee from?   That is how international asylum treaties work. You get out of the  dangerous country. You go to a country that has international  agreements on asylum. You claim asylum. And then you may even want to  seek asylum in the United States.   We had reports in the Yuma Sector of people who are flying into  Mexicali. They are flying in, not making the trek as many people think  of caravans coming from Central America through Mexico--flying into  Mexicali with suitcases and bags and taking a cab to the border, making  sure their toll is paid and then crossing the border. There is no way  on Earth that people coming from many of these nations could not have  sought asylum somewhere closer to home and then give us a chance for  orderly entry.   In total, it is estimated that the transnational criminal  organizations, the cartels, are being paid almost $800 million a year.  What are they doing with that? If you go down to the border-- particularly if you go down there around midnight--they play the same  play every night, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. They will take  innocent people who are going to come across the border, and they tell  them: Once you get across the border, present yourself to a Border  Patrol agent, and you will be processed, which is exactly what happens.   Under the Biden administration, you are likely to be released within  a few days or not more than about a week. The disturbing trend is the  one that Senator Hyde-Smith talked about, the disturbing number of  people who are evading Border Patrol. Why on Earth would you not opt to  go into a facility that is heated in the winter and cooled in the  summer and spend a week of being fed three times a day, to have access  to facilities, to have changing tables for babies, to have play areas  while they are being detained and processed? Why on Earth would you  avoid all that and take the dangerous step of evading detection,  unless, at least for some of them, there is a nefarious purpose.   Then they are moving into communities where we have already seen--in  North Carolina, an illegal immigrant murdered a young lady just a  couple of years ago. We have seen this crime, and it tracks back almost  invariably to the people who are the so-called got-aways.   Now I want to go to the Yuma Sector and talk about those 300,000  Border Patrol. I am wearing a ``Back the Blue'' flag. But as you all  know, if it is Border Patrol, they wear green uniforms, so I say,  ``Back Law Enforcement.''   Right now, Border Patrol only has less than half of the people who  are sworn to protect the border doing those jobs. They are in  processing facilities. They are driving buses. They are providing  support for daycare. Literally, I am not exaggerating.   So that means that we have half as many people protecting a border  that has wide-open spaces. There are no structures whatsoever. Come  across. Walk through the Rio Grande. In most cases, you can. You don't  have to swim. But when those 300,000 people get there--this is the most  amazing thing about this country--they are going through that 12-foot  gate. If Border Patrol goes there, then the rest of the border is open  for the got-aways. Our country is so extraordinary that they say: I  know that it is only about a 10-minute ride from that 12-foot gate to  the processing facility, but they won't transport a child unless they  have a car seat for them. If somebody has disabilities, they have to  make special accommodations. Imagine 300,000--300,000--people coming  across the border in a 12-month period, what Border Patrol has to do to  conform to our laws and treat these people humanely and safely.   They need time. Time can only come when Congress recognizes that we  have to secure the border. We have to fill the gaps. We have to insist  that if you want to come to this country, present yourself at a legal  port of entry, present a request for asylum, you will be processed.   We need to send the message: If you want to come to the United  States, thank you for the compliment you are willing to risk your life  to come to the United States, but respect our laws and don't pay  cartels $800 million a year so that they can create a conduit for  fentanyl and other drugs that are poisoning almost 100,000 Americans a  year.   Now let's talk about immigration reform. I think that one of the ways  that we can provide a future flow--a downward pressure on future flow-- is to simply say to people who want to respect our laws and apply for  citizenship, for work visas, or other forms of being in this country  legally, we need to actually fix the immigration laws that we have on  the books to do that.   If we do that, I am not going to have to worry about those memories  of that little girl. I am not going to have to worry about the corpses  that we are picking up in Texas, Arizona, and New Mexico. I believe we  will have fewer people dying from fentanyl because less of it will come  here, for a couple reasons: We will have better security at the border,  and we will bankrupt the cartels that are making, over the last 2  years, almost $2 billion.   We need people in Congress to recognize that a bipartisan solution is  possible. We have a crisis at the border that needs to be solved, and  we have to have an administration that spends more than four hours in 2  years at the border recognizing it is on them to help us fix it.  [[Page S91]]    