 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment No. 33 prohibits funding for  the John E. Fogarty International Center saving approximately $95  million.   Our Nation is over $33 trillion in debt, with an expected annual  deficit this year of nearly $2 trillion. We need to find innovative  ways to reduce spending. While many would consider this small potatoes,  we must begin with the most blatant violations of the public trust, and  that is what we consider this.   My amendment builds off of President Trump's first budget request,  which called for eliminating the Fogarty International Center.   According to their website, the Fogarty International Center is  dedicated to advancing the mission of the National Institutes of Health  by supporting and facilitating global health research conducted by the  U.S.   However, the center emphasizes a perverted view of ``global health  equity'' and partners with the World Health Organization.   The World Health Organization is a corrupt organization that worked  with the Chinese Communist Party to cover up the origins of the COVID- 19 pandemic. The Fogarty Center should not be working with the World  Health Organization.   Moreover, a large amount of the grants funded by the Fogarty  International Center are counterproductive to our interests.   One such egregious project that received funds in the Philippines is  titled: Stigma Reduction and Gender Affirmation to Promote HIV  Prevention/Testing in Trans Women. That is what your tax dollars are  being used for. The project is a joint partnership between Brown  University and the University of the Philippines Manila.   There are biological women and biological males, as stressed by the  other side of the aisle in the previous amendment. They have finally  recognized that. I find it ironic that we are funding projects in the  name of science that ignores basic biology.   Funding these woke, ridiculous projects hurt our standing in the  Philippines and globally.   Christianity is the dominant faith in the Philippines, making up  approximately 90 percent of the population. This project is a slap in  the face to anyone in the Philippines who holds traditional Christian  beliefs.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, if we are going to send funds overseas,  they should project our values. I agree with the overwhelming majority  of Americans and Montanans stating this center doesn't project our  values.   A grant that received funds through the Fogarty International Center  in Uganda is titled: ``HIV Self Testing to Empower Prevention Choices  in Sex Workers.'' If you want to protect men and women from drug abuse  and sex crimes, my colleagues should begin by helping me and my  colleagues on this side of the aisle by securing the southern border  and helping us to locate the approximately 100,000 children who have  been released into our country and most likely condemned to a life of  sex slavery.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to the time remaining.    Mr. Chair, again, if we are going to invest funds  overseas and here domestically, we should make sure that it projects  our values.   Another grant that received funds through the Fogarty International  Center in Ukraine, where we have seen billions of dollars squandered,  was titled: ``Using latent class analysis to understand the role of  layered stigma on engagement in care among HIV positive women who use  drugs in Ukraine.''   They have a battle going on. They have a war in Ukraine. We hear  about it daily. Yet, the Fogarty International Center is not going to  try to figure out a way to bring those parties to the table to achieve  peace. They want to find out about drugs being used by women who  participate in the sex trade.   Mr. Chair, again, for this and many reasons, I hope my colleagues can  support this amendment. We need to protect our values oversees, and the  Fogarty International Center does not do so.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment No. 133 would prohibit  funds made available by this act from conducting or supporting any  gain-of-function research involving a potential pandemic pathogen by  the Rocky Mountain Laboratories.   We have heard a lot of conversations and debate about gain-of- function research as we went through the pandemic, and we are going to  hear a little bit more about it this evening.   I am pleased that the base text of this legislation has a provision  that prevents dangerous gain-of-function research in any country  determined to be a foreign adversary. However, gain-of-function  research can potentially be dangerous no matter where the research is  conducted.   My amendment would ensure that this dangerous research does not take  place at the laboratory located in Hamilton, Montana.   Evidence points out that the COVID-19 pandemic was likely caused by  gain-of-function research that took place at the Wuhan Institute of  Virology.   During his tenure as the director of the National Institute of  Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Anthony Fauci expanded Rocky Mountain  Laboratories to include a biosafety level 4 laboratory for research and  experiments on deadly pathogens with pandemic potential.   The laboratory spent millions to infect bats with a coronavirus  obtained directly from the Wuhan lab 1 year before COVID. Specifically,  under Dr. Fauci's tenure, Rocky Mountain Laboratories infected Egyptian  fruit bats with coronavirus obtained from China's Wuhan Institute of  Virology.   Gain-of-function research is a broad area of scientific inquiry where  an organism gains a new property or an existing property is altered.  Many experts warn these practices could lead to widespread community  infections and death, which is exactly what we saw during the 2020  pandemic.   Taxpayers in Montana and across the Nation should not be funding  unnecessarily dangerous animal research that can spark another  pandemic.   My amendment would undo some of the damage done by Anthony Fauci by  defunding NIH research programs he supported that put public health and  national security at risk.   Mr. Chair, I appreciate everyone supporting this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment No. 134 reduces the salary  of Vincent Munster, chief of the Virus Ecology Section of the National  Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, to $1.   This is going to be on the same subject matter and, actually, in the  same location, unfortunately. Specifically, he was the lead researcher  on the 2018 project to infect Egyptian fruit bats with a coronavirus  obtained from China's Wuhan Institute of Virology. He also actively  collaborates on projects with the disgraced EcoHealth Alliance.   I am pleased that the base text of this legislation prohibits any  funds from going toward the EcoHealth Alliance. EcoHealth was first  investigated for its involvement in mismanaging NIH-funded gain-of- function research. The Department of Health and Human Services  inspector general confirmed that EcoHealth mismanaged the grant to the  Wuhan laboratory, didn't properly report the gain-of-function  experiments, and misspent taxpayer funds.   Furthermore, Munster is trying to help EcoHealth establish a new bat  lab in the United States with bats shipped from Asia. Specifically, on  April 1, 2020, Munster wrote a letter of support for the Colorado State  University bat research center.   Munster showed a major lack of judgment in endorsing an EcoHealth-led  project to import and experiment on bats when the entire world was  learning that a bat virus from Asia caused COVID-19.   Additionally, Vincent Munster has collaborated with the Wuhan  Institute of Virology and Shi Zhengli, commonly known as the bat lady.  She led the  [[Page H5846]]  team of researchers where the COVID-19 virus most likely emerged from.   It is unacceptable that shoddy research practices by deep state  bureaucrats shut down our country, closed our schools, forced  businesses to close, and caused deaths and despair. Accountability is  absolutely needed and demanded.   While the vast majority of the employees at the Rocky Mountain  Laboratories are committed to excellence, tax dollars should not go to  an employee who was negligent and irresponsible in his duties.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, no good deed goes unpunished.   I will tell you; I have held the hands of crying widows when their  husbands passed away and they were not allowed to visit them in the  hospital because of all the mandates from COVID-19 that bureaucrats had  put in place.   Our public health experts, Mr. Chair, have been wrong about  everything from the beginning on COVID-19. They told us that masks  would work. They told us that vaccines would prevent transmission. They  told us that shutting down our country was necessary in order to keep  COVID-19 from spreading. They were all wrong.   They were wrong for bringing the virus to our country and  experimenting on gain of function anyway, so excuse me if I don't take  the recommendations of the experts.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, the Representative from Connecticut spends  a lot of time giving accolades to Anthony Fauci. I would like to tell  you that we gladly would reduce his compensation to zero and I would  have tens of millions of Americans join me in making sure that that  happens, but he was smart enough to get out of town while the getting  was good.   He resigned. He retired. Unfortunately, we are going to be paying  compensation to him for quite some time, but the subject this evening  is the compensation of Vincent Munster, who acted in a negligent and  reckless manner, and I would request the right to reduce his salary to  zero with this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I ask all my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment No. 135 would prohibit funds  from being used to implement the Office of Refugee Resettlement's  proposed rule which allows for the use of taxpayer dollars to fund  abortions for unaccompanied minors.   This proposed rule is a flagrant violation of the Hyde amendment,  which prohibits the use of Federal tax dollars from paying for  abortions and completely ignores the crisis at our border.   The southern border, under the Biden administration, is wide-open,  with up to 10 million illegal aliens encountered at our borders in  fiscal year 2023.   Due to these failed policies, fentanyl deaths are up a staggering  1,425 percent from just 6 years ago in my home State of Montana.   It is appalling that Joe Biden and his Department of Health and Human  Services are demanding Americans fund abortions for migrant children.  These are the kinds of policies being pushed by the Biden  administration, instead of closing our border and providing relief to  the countless communities ravaged by these disastrous open border  policies.   Regrettably, this President is far more concerned with advancing a  far-left abortion agenda instead of securing our border and saving  American lives.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, this is for Labor-HHS amendment No. 135,  abortions for unaccompanied minors, disallowing taxpayer dollars to be  used for abortions on unaccompanied minors.    Mr. Chair, what we are saying is that none of the  funds that are going to be allocated to the Office of Refugee  Resettlement proposed rule would allow any of those dollars to be used  for abortions for unaccompanied minors.    Mr. Chair, apparently, we don't have good  clarification here. Rather than to go on through this debate this  evening, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment.   