 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today in support of  James O'Brien to be Assistant Secretary of State for European and  Eurasia Affairs.   As Russia continues its brutal assault on Ukraine, as democratic  backsliding continues to threaten Central Europe, as we continue to  grapple with energy and food security, we must have a fully staffed and  empowered diplomatic corps. Vacancies leave a vacuum, and they send the  wrong message.   Ukraine is by far one of my highest priorities. It is very clear to  me that making sure Russia does not succeed in Ukraine is in the United  States' national security interest. Ukraine is not only fighting for  itself; if Ukraine loses, Moldova and Georgia are next. Ukraine is on  the frontline of our fight to defend democracy and our shared values.   Iran is watching. North Korea is watching. China is watching. When  they see the resolve of the United States and our coalition of  partners, it stops them from thinking about taking military action  elsewhere. That is why we need to continue to show leadership when  supporting Ukraine against Russia's aggression.   As the chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I will do  everything I can to show the international community that we stand with  Ukraine today and tomorrow. That means ensuring Ukraine gets more air  defense and long-range missiles. That means working with our European  partners who continue to house and support Ukrainian refugees,  supporting humanitarian assistance for those suffering, including  children who have been abducted into Russia and families who have been  torn apart. That means finding a path for the administration's  supplemental request. And, yes, that means getting our nominees to  their posts in the European Affairs Bureau.   Without our nominees confirmed and in their positions, who will  advocate on behalf of American values in Ukraine and beyond? Who will  advance America's national security interests? Who will work to lead  our efforts from Washington to shore up our transatlantic alliance in  pursuit of stability and peace?   President Putin is helping far-right political parties, individuals,  and groups across Europe and beyond who support his agenda. He is  attacking the human rights of Ukrainian citizens. He is laying waste to  Ukrainian cities. I believe he is trying to commit genocide in Ukraine,  and I support an international tribunal into Russian war crimes like  the one we saw in Nuremberg after World War II.   Given these challenges, we need someone leading the diplomatic effort  on behalf of the American people to confront Russia's aggression. That  is why we must confirm James O'Brien today.   Ambassador O'Brien had an impressive hearing at the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee. He presented a compelling vision for how he would  lead the Bureau of European and Eurasia Affairs. He laid out the  importance of America's leadership on integrating Ukraine, as well as  the South Caucasus and the Western Balkans, into the transatlantic  economic and political structures. He was reported favorably by the  Foreign Relations Committee by a bipartisan voice vote.   Ambassador O'Brien brings a wealth of experience to this position,  having most recently worked as the head of the Office of Sanctions  Coordination, targeting, among others, the Russian oligarchs who thrive  on corruption--Russian oligarchs whose corrupt networks are continuing  to fuel the war in Ukraine, which in turn impacts global energy and  food prices for just about every single person in the world.   Beyond his most recent post, Ambassador O'Brien's professional resume  reads like building blocks for this position. Having served as the  Principal Deputy Director of Policy Planning and the Presidential Envoy  for the Balkans, he will be up to speed if the conflict again erupts in  Kosovo. He won't be afraid to call out bad actors in Bosnia and work  with those advocating for peace, transparency, and prosperity. He  helped establish the Office for Hostage Affairs and worked for the safe  return of 100 American citizens. He dealt with scientific and  environmental agreements and Russia and Ukraine's post-Soviet  transitions. He has been part of initiatives to investigate and  prosecute persons responsible for war crimes. He has received numerous  awards of distinction from the State Department.    This is a seasoned professional who is ready to take on this high- profile challenge. Once he is confirmed, he will be able to hit the  ground running. That sends a signal that the United States cares about  what happens in Europe, and right now, we need to show our resolve.   Ukrainians are doing their part. Even as they fight a war to defend  their country, they are making good progress on anti-corruption. We  need to be there for them and make clear that our support is long term  and bipartisan.   We need to stand with Ukraine to make sure it gets everything it  needs to defend itself and succeed in this Russian war. Ukrainian  success on the battlefield is what will bring Russia to the negotiating  table--nothing else. That is why it is time for the United States and  the international community to step up. We cannot take a pass on good  versus evil.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting yes on cloture for this  nominee, yes to advancing our diplomatic efforts to confront Putin's  war in Ukraine, yes to promoting American values, and yes to advancing  America's national security interests.   With that, I yield the floor.   I ask unanimous consent that the vote scheduled for 5:30 begin now.   