 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Calvert  for this historic bill, and I rise today in support of this very  conservative DOD appropriations package.   I remind the American people that the purpose of the military is  twofold. The first is to deter a war if diplomacy fails, to augment  diplomacy in that deterrence. The second is, if by the exhaustion of  all means we have to go to war, to actually give the American people  the tools to win the war and keep our security. That is it, to deter a  war and win a war.   This bill does exactly that. It trims the fat and removes the excess  programs, the woke CRT programs, within the current policies under this  administration. It also critically funds our Nation's most essential  programs, like the F-35, the Columbia-class submarine, the B-21 Raider,  which I am proud is made in my beautiful district, California's 27th  Congressional District.   It removes Mexico from a command that is kind of an orphan right now  by itself. During this open-border policy, we are now removing Mexico  and putting it back into SOUTHCOM so that the combatant commanders can  treat Mexico as the threat that it is to our  [[Page H4571]]  southern border and the influx of immigrants.   That is very important, but with all those things as important as  they are--the weapons systems, the change of Mexico to SOUTHCOM--the  single biggest thing that we are taking care of, the single biggest  asset within our military that we are taking care of, is our troops.   I stood at this podium about 6 months ago and said I would not  support a Defense Department spending bill or an NDAA that did not  adequately address the pay issues, especially that our junior enlisted  have right now. About a third of junior enlisted live below the poverty  line. About a third of our enlisted qualify for food stamps right now.   I am very proud that our Committee on Appropriations' Subcommittee on  Defense was able to reconcile and address this adequately. The starting  pay of a junior enlisted E1 was $22,000 a year.    The starting salary of an E1 in the  military right now is $22,000 a year. That is the equivalent of $11 an  hour.   This bill takes that to $31,200, gives them parity with their  civilian counterparts, and addresses the record-high civilian pay gap  of our junior enlisted.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of the DOD appropriations package and a  ``yes'' vote on the bill.   