 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week is National Police Week, a time  to honor the service and sacrifice of America's law enforcement  officers. These brave men and women have chosen a difficult and often  dangerous career. They have dedicated their lives to protecting the  rest of us, defending our civil liberties and protecting our cities and  neighborhoods. That decision requires tremendous courage and sacrifice  by both the officer and their family.   We have recently been reminded of the dangers they face every day.  Just a week ago, shoppers wandered in and out of a busy outdoor mall in  Allen, TX, near Dallas. It was a beautiful, seemingly normal Saturday  afternoon until the day took a tragic turn. A man pulled up in his  vehicle, got out of his car with multiple weapons, and started firing.   Fortunately, out of this terrible tragedy, fortunately, an officer  was already on the scene for an unrelated call. He did what he was  trained to do and what his conscience told him to do and ran  immediately toward the danger. He didn't hesitate to put his own life  on the line in order to stop the shooter and save countless lives.   The shooter killed eight innocent people and wounded seven more. Had  this brave officer not been on the scene, it is difficult to imagine  how many more casualties would have been incurred, how many more lives  would have been lost.    The shooter was carrying multiple weapons and had five additional  guns in his car. If not for the quick action of that Allen police  officer, more families would be making funeral arrangements today.   Stories like this underscore the dangers our officers take in their  daily lives. A routine call or a traffic stop can turn deadly without  warning. And these men and women still lace up their boots and put on a  uniform each morning.   Each year for National Police Week, we honor the law enforcement  community, naturally, and remember those who have made the ultimate  sacrifice. One of the most striking reminders of that sacrifice is the  National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, which sits along the  National Mall here in Washington, DC.   It is a powerful tribute for the State, Federal, and local law  enforcement officers who have died in the line of duty and features  marble walls, filled with more than 23,000 names. Each of those names  represents an American hero. And, sadly, the names of 67 Texans will be  added this year.   These officers gave their lives in service to their communities and  our country. And while there is nothing we can do to console the  families of those heroes, we can do more to support their brothers and  sisters, still in blue.   Over the last couple of years, members of our law enforcement  community have faced an onslaught of new challenges. From the pandemic  to dangerous ``defund the police'' rhetoric to baseless attacks, the  men and women in blue who keep us safe are subject to tremendous risks  and strain.   They have watched as progressive politicians have made calls to fund  the police and attempted to villainize the very heroes who keep us  safe.   I am proud to say I have never been ashamed to support the men and  women of our law enforcement community. I will always proudly stand  with them. In the face of increasing crime rates and growing concerns  about public safety, Congress must do more to  [[Page S1638]]  support and empower our men and women in blue.   Last year, we made some progress. The Justice and Mental Health  Collaboration Program was reauthorized through a bipartisan bill I  introduced with Senator Klobuchar, the Senator from Minnesota. We have  already seen some real-world impact these grants have made in  communities across Texas. And this will promote even greater  collaboration between law enforcement and the mental health providers  that they serve alongside.   We also took a big step toward improving training for officers by  passing the Law Enforcement De-Escalation Training Act, which was  signed into law by President Biden last December. This new law will  ensure that officers have the skills they need to navigate and defuse  potentially dangerous situations, particularly involving those  undergoing a mental health crisis. I am proud of the bipartisan  progress we have made, and I hope we can build upon it more this year.   In honor of National Police Week, I introduced the Back the Blue Act  to strengthen laws that protect our officers. This legislation sends a  strong and powerful message to the more than 800,000 officers serving  our country--a message that they are supported and that violence  against them will never be tolerated.   The Back the Blue Act adds stiff mandatory penalties and makes it a  Federal crime to kill--or attempt to kill--a law enforcement officer, a  Federal judge, or a federally funded public safety officer. It also  makes it a Federal crime to assault a law enforcement officer.   As I have said, these men and women put themselves in harm's way  every day to keep our communities safe, and we must make it absolutely  clear that violence against them will not be tolerated.   This legislation was endorsed by leading law enforcement  organizations like the National Association of Police Organizations and  the Fraternal Order of Police and is cosponsored by 39 Senators, so  far.   I hope other colleagues will support this bill and show law  enforcement across the country that we stand shoulder to shoulder with  them.   There is another piece of legislation that I hope will pass soon  called the Project Safe Neighborhoods Program. This is a  reauthorization of an existing national nationwide partnership between  Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers and prosecutors that  aims to reduce violent crime, particularly gun crime.   It achieves that goal through data-driven, evidence-based, and  trauma-informed practices that have proven to reduce crime rates. Since  it was first launched two decades ago, Project Safe Neighborhoods has  helped reduce violent crime in large cities and small towns all across  this country.   A study in 2013 found that the program was associated with more than  a 13-percent decrease in violent crimes in cities and a high rate of  program participation.   Given the growing concerns and already serious concerns about crime  in our country, there could not be a more important time to make this  program better, stronger, and more effective.   This is among the range of bills the Senate should consider to pass  and support law enforcement, including the Federal Law Enforcement  Service Weapon Purchase Act that would allow retired officers to  purchase their service weapons that would otherwise be destroyed.   This bipartisan legislation would prevent waste by allowing agencies  to recover the value of these weapons. This bill has been endorsed by  multiple organizations that represent law enforcement officers, and I  hope we can advance it this year.   I am also a proud cosponsor of other bipartisan bills that were  introduced by Senate colleagues. Senator Peters from Michigan and I  introduced the Strong Communities Act, with the goal of improving trust  between law enforcement officers and the communities they serve.   I am also a cosponsor of the Recruit and Retain Act, led by Senator  Fischer of Nebraska and Senator Coons of Delaware. It aims to alleviate  the personnel shortages that are being felt in police departments  across the Nation and ensures that America's police forces are well  staffed.   I hope the Senate Judiciary Committee, on which I serve, will advance  some of these bills later this week and send a strong message that the  U.S. Senate supports America's police officers.   Every day, I am grateful for the service and sacrifice of our law  enforcement officers in Texas and across the country. And that includes  the Capitol Police that keeps this building and Capitol Hill safe,  protecting not only the people who work here but also people who visit  here.   In honor of National Police Week, we honor the brave men and women  who protect us. We pay tribute to those who made the ultimate  sacrifice. And we commit to doing everything in our power to ensure  that they have all the resources they need to keep our people safe.   I yield the floor.   