 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2.   For years and years, politicians have kicked immigration reform down  the road over and over and over again for future generations, they will  have to address it. Unfortunately, the bill that we have today that we  are considering just continues the trend.   Our border must be secure. Make no mistake, we have to do everything  that we can to prevent harmful drugs like fentanyl from destroying the  lives of our kids and our families.   We need real solutions. Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle want to  solve our border crisis, but the bill in front of us today would only  make our border less secure.   The bill in front of us today does nothing to address the root causes  of our system's backlog and only serves to gut our asylum ability,  denying the protections to the people who need it the most.   Gutting the few remaining pathways to claim asylum and kicking  Dreamers out of the only country that they have ever known, it just  accelerates the chaos and extremism and, in the end, all it does is  harm our neighbors and our communities.   Like many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I support  smart, targeted investments in border security and providing law  enforcement the resources that they need to end the flow of weapons and  fentanyl into our country.   Speaker McCarthy just spoke about the dangerous people that were just  caught this year, but I proposed an amendment that would have hired an  additional 500 Customs and Border Protection officers at ports of entry  to screen more people at the border.   Another amendment that I provided would allow $50 million to expand a  task force to go after fentanyl distributors.   You know what? Speaker McCarthy and every Republican refused to  consider these amendments in committee, ideas that have bipartisan  support.   Listen, the story of America, it is a story of immigrants,  opportunity, and hard work. We have to push back against legislation  that sows division and chaos. Let's come together to create an  immigration system that works, that protects our Dreamers, and treats  migrants humanely, ensuring that our hometowns are safe from drugs and  crime.   