 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this is about common sense. For 2 years, our  constituents have been calling our office and wondering why the IRS,  the Social Security Administration, and the VA aren't answering their  phones, why can't they get in-person meetings with Federal workers, why  they have to talk to a robot on the phone for hours, or wait for months  on end just for an email update on their case.   Well, today, Mr. Speaker, House Republicans are going to stop the  lackadaisical policies of the Biden administration. The SHOW UP Act is  a wonderful bill that I am proud to support. It is going to make an end  to COVID an actual reality.   Federal workers should do the same thing that the private sector  industry has done, which is they have gotten back to work for over 18  months, in large measure. It is time the Federal workers get back to  work and start serving the American people to their full capacity.   This bill requires Federal agencies to return to the 2019 pre- pandemic telework levels within 30 days; reasonable, commonsense. The  bill requires that Federal agencies show Congress how pandemic-era  telework impacted their missions. Finally, the bill requires new  oversight for agencies that seek to expand telework.   This oversight will help save money and create jobs outside the D.C.  beltway. It is important to stress that this bill is not some radical  notion. We are not ending all telework. We are just snapping back to  2019 pre-pandemic levels and ensuring a reasonable pathway for agencies  to retain telework employees and, under the right conditions, allow for  expansion of telework.   The bottom line is the pandemic is over. The American people need  Federal Government to function. And in order to do that, we need our  workers back. The IRS has failed to give Americans their refunds in a  timely manner for 3 years running, and as late as last year, still had  12.4 million returns to process.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding  additional time.   Mr. Speaker, the Veterans Affairs Administration has hundreds of  thousands of backlogged claims. As for the Social Security  Administration, The Washington Post states, ``More than 1 million  disabled Americans, many of them poor and elderly, are waiting months  or years to hear whether they will receive benefits. Processing times  have doubled in some States and almost tripled in others.''   So long as the American people are not getting the services this  government is mandated to provide, we are not operating a government  for, by, and of the people.   