 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I oppose S.  173 for a simple reason. It is unconstitutional in a number of ways.   First, the bill infringes on the Second Amendment rights of law- abiding citizens by placing burdens on a citizens' right to keep and  bear arms within a home.   Second, this bill thrusts the Federal Government into an area that is  reserved to the States, thus violating the principle of federalism.   The laws in Connecticut and the laws in North Carolina should reflect  the values and behaviors of those respective States. Simply put, a one- size-fits-all approach doesn't fit the needs of our constituents.   Thirdly, Congress does not have the power under the commerce clause  of the Constitution to pass the bill.   A law-abiding gun owner with a firearm in their home doesn't qualify  as interstate commerce, and the Federal Government has no right to  infringe upon it.   Fourth, this bill duplicates existing laws and practices that are in  place at the State level.   My colleague mentioned some of those. He mentioned State laws. For  example, in North Carolina, we have criminal penalties for adults who  improperly store a firearm in a way that allows a minor to obtain it  and commit a crime.   Finally, this bill would make it harder for law-abiding gun owners to  defend themselves and their loved ones.   At a time when our cities and our towns are plagued by waves of  crime--often made worse by the soft-on-crime policies of Democrat  politicians--it makes no sense for the Federal Government to make it  illegal for homeowners to quickly defend themselves inside their own  home.   Just this year in North Carolina, in my own State alone, there have  been at least 13 documented instances of defensive gun use in the  home--defensive gun use. In these instances, North Carolina residents  have used guns to defend themselves against home invasion, assaults,  domestic violence, and residential burglars.   No matter what somebody believes about the Second Amendment, we share  the desire to protect our kids and to keep them safe. We all want our  kids to be safe. That is why gun rights groups across the country have  safety courses, online materials, and in-person training to teach  citizens--both young and old--how to safely own, operate, and enjoy  firearms.   Now is not the time for more unconstitutional proposals that will not  ultimately keep people safe. Therefore, I object.    Madam President, the forces of evil and instability are on  the march around the globe. In the Middle East, Hamas massacred more  than 1,200 Israelis and 33 Americans. Iran, the world's leading state  sponsor of terrorism, continues to finance, provide training for, and  authorize attacks against U.S. forces in the region. In Europe, Russia  continues its brutality against Ukraine and is fomenting conflict in  the Balkans, further threatening peace and stability in Europe.  Meanwhile, China is rapidly expanding its military, threatening our  allies and partners, and stealing billions in Americans' intellectual  property.   All this chaos is the result of weakness from the Biden  administration. Starting in Afghanistan, continuing to this day, this  administration has put American weakness on full display. As we  confront a dangerous global situation, we cannot ignore the fact that  for America to be a strong nation, we must first be strong at home.  Before we can help countries protect their borders thousands of miles  away, we must first protect our own borders.   The biggest threat to our national security right now is the wide- open southern border. For 3 years, the border has been in a state of  crisis. We have grown familiar with these numbers, sadly, but they  remain historic and staggering. Under President Biden, over 8 million  illegal immigrants have crossed the border. Under President Biden,  279--I just heard my colleague speak, and she gave an even higher  number, an accurate number perhaps, an even higher number than 279-- folks on the Terrorist Watchlist have illegally entered our Nation.   Under President Biden, nearly 50,000 pounds of fentanyl have been  seized at the southern border. That is nearly enough to kill every man,  woman, and child in the United States. Given the fact that we are only  able to interdict 5 to 10 percent of the illegal drugs that cross, our  country is being overwhelmed with drugs that can kill with just a 2- milligram dose.   Under President Biden, there have been 1.8 million known--known-- ``got-aways,'' and that is not counting all of the unknown ``got- aways,'' including terrorists, human traffickers, and other bad actors.   This crisis has got to be dealt with, and we have got to deal with it  now. That is why Senate Republicans have offered the Biden White House  a deal. Here it is: Include proven border policies in the House-passed  H.R. 2 in the national security spending package, and you will have our  support.   It is a clear pathway, but, so far, this White House is more  interested in playing politics and continuing to ignore the border  crisis altogether.   But you know who can't ignore it? The Border Patrol agents, who are  under siege right now.   In the times that I have been down there--multiple times--they have  told me that, yes, we need a wall. We need border enforcement. We need  funding. But what we really need--in their own words--is policy, policy  changes that would empower them to stop the illegal flow of people,  crime, drugs.   You know who can't ignore this crisis? The sheriffs from all 100  North Carolina counties. Many of them have come up to me saying the  same thing: Every single county in North Carolina is now a border  county because of Joe Biden's policies.   The bottom line here is that, in order to be a strong nation, we have  to have strong borders, and, right now, we don't have that. So I am  going to call on President Biden to change course, to work with us so  that we can solve this crisis together. We know what to do. All we need  is a President who takes this seriously and fulfills his  [[Page S5783]]  oath to protect and defend this country.   I yield the floor.   