 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I supported the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act when it  came to the House last year, and I am glad it was indeed a bipartisan  bill. It was passed in response to the horrific shootings that occurred  in Uvalde, Texas, and in Buffalo, New York. However, the Bipartisan  Safer Communities Act was negotiated in a bipartisan manner in the  Senate and then it came over to the House where we voted on it with no  changes and sent it to the President for his signature.   In attempting to make clear that Title IV funds provided under the  Bipartisan Safer Communities Act through the ESEA could not be used to  arm teachers or school staff, Senate negotiators used language stating  that no funds could be used to provide to any person a dangerous weapon  or training in the use of a dangerous weapon.   Now, the term ``dangerous weapon'' is broadly defined. So in using  this language, Senate negotiators inadvertently, I believe, precluded  the use of funds by students for certain activities in school and  extracurricular programs that were previously permitted prior to the  Bipartisan Safer Communities Act.   The gentleman from Wisconsin has made the claim that it is the  Department of Education that is misinterpreting the law. They, in fact,  are following the law to the very letter. If we want to place some  scrutiny, it should be on the Senate, which I believe drafted this  language imprecisely which resulted in the need for this technical fix.   H.R. 5110 is an attempt to fix that language to permit the use of  such items for students in school and extracurricular activities, and I  am glad that we were able to work in a bipartisan manner once again to  agree on the language that we are voting on today.   As this issue has come to light, many people have targeted the  Department of Education as the problem, stating that the Department has  misinterpreted congressional intent in applying the law. That is  absolutely incorrect. The Department has been following the law as  written and passed by Congress and signed by the President. Of course,  we all remember that the President takes an oath to faithfully execute  the laws of our country.   Today's legislation makes clear that we are not trying to preclude  the use of items by students in the pursuit of educational and  extracurricular activities, and the list in the example list in the  legislative text is not exhaustive.   That said, the language would preclude ESEA funding from being used  to arm teachers or school staff or train teachers or school staff in  the use of dangerous weapons remains intact.   Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 5110, the Protecting Hunting Heritage and  Education Act and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I just remind the chairwoman, the  gentlewoman from North Carolina, that it was Congress that sent  language in the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act which proscribed the  ability for these activities to occur in our schools, and to  characterize faithfully executing the laws of our country as  ``crackpot'' I think is quite off base.  [[Page H4473]]    The President and his administration support this technical fix that  is being sought, and I support this technical fix. Congress needs to  take care that we send language that reflects our intent.   I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Hoyle).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I will just point out again that the last speaker made  the claim that it was a faulty interpretation by this administration. I  would argue we sent a bill to the President that had a technical error.  Let's place the onus of responsibility on a situation in which we had  the choice of returning the bill back to the Senate with a technical  correction, risking a potential derailment of a landmark bill.   The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act represents a significant step  forward in terms of gun safety in our country. I will remind my  colleagues that this was in the wake of the Uvalde shootings in Texas  and the Buffalo shootings. The American people were demanding action  from this Congress.   I think the decision was made to not return the bill to the Senate  with a technical fix but to send it to the President. The Senate, in my  estimation, could have done a better job of making sure this language  was clearer, but the administration has been enforcing the law  according to the legislative text that we sent them.   I will take a moment to talk about how significant this bill has been  for our kids. The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act included  authorization for a lot of funding to address the mental health crisis  that our students are facing across the country. This is also a  bipartisan concern.   I will let this body know that in my own district, I have seen the  schools respond in a magnificent way. One school district has directly  hired clinical social workers. Instead of having to refer students out  to nonexistent therapists in the community, the Bipartisan Safer  Communities Act is enabling us to expand this model where school  districts directly hire clinical social workers. In fact, this one  school district that I am talking about has a clinical social worker  assigned to every school. This has made access to mental health much  easier. The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act has made this happen. I  will speak more on this as we continue the discussion.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes''  on H.R. 5110, the Protecting Hunting Heritage and Education Act, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act, I believe, passed,  as the title would suggest, with bipartisan support. It was a  significant step forward, although, in my estimation, not  [[Page H4475]]  enough in terms of addressing the gun violence issue that we have in  our country.   We have seen since the Uvalde shooting and the Buffalo shooting many  more mass shootings occur in our country, and I believe the American  people want to see more done.   Instead of just thoughts and prayers, we did pass the Bipartisan  Safer Communities Act, which came with many provisions that address gun  violence in our schools. The most significant element of the bill, in  my estimation, is the broad and deep support for expanding access to  mental health care for our young people. This is truly a great  achievement.   I am very pleased that we are addressing the technical error that  Congress made in drafting this language that it sent to the President.  I am glad that we are correcting that today. I will point out that the  President and his administration support this technical fix.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote for H.R. 5110, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for S. 2795.   Before I speak on the bill, I would like to note that September is  Suicide Prevention Awareness Month. I remind everyone that help is  available any time of day or night. If you are a veteran in crisis, or  if you are concerned about a veteran, confidential help is available by  calling 988 and selecting 1, or you can text 838255. You are not alone.   The House and Senate Committees on Veterans' Affairs have worked  together in a bipartisan manner on S. 2795, which extends expiring  authorities for the Department of Veterans Affairs.   The Senate passed this bill by unanimous consent, and I hope my  colleagues will support it. This bill must be signed into law before  Sunday so that important programs at VA do not lapse.   It is a bit ironic that we all recognize the need to pass this bill  before Sunday because of how important VA programs are and that we work  to extend them the same week that we are facing a  [[Page H4476]]  government shutdown that will shutter some important services at VA.   Nevertheless, this is a must-pass piece of legislation. Section 1 of  the bill extends VA's authority to enlist medical professionals across  State lines for the purposes of conducting disability medical exams on  behalf of veterans.   When a veteran files a claim with VA for a service-connected  disability, they are often required to receive an exam to document and  substantiate their injury or illness and its severity. This exam  requires a medical professional who is well-versed in the injuries and  illnesses that are unique to the veterans population and in the forms  VA requires to be submitted. It may be the case that a provider with  this expertise is not reasonably near the veteran.   To alleviate this problem, Congress enabled VA to authorize certain  medical professionals to practice across State lines. This vital  authority has been used by VA and its contract examiners to tremendous  effect, greatly reducing the potential wait time a veteran may face in  scheduling their exam and also reducing the distance many veterans must  travel to attend that exam.   Extending this authority means removing roadblocks to veterans  accessing the care and benefits they have earned.   Section 2 of S. 2795 provides relief to veterans who are affected by  the closure or disapproval of an educational institution.   Student veterans should not be the ones penalized when their school  closes. While we can't give student veterans back their time when their  higher education institution closes, at the very least we should give  them back their GI eligibility. Section 2 of this legislation extends  the relief established in the Isakson and Roe law for more than 2  years.   Our committee remains committed to making it straightforward for  student veterans to get their benefits back when a school fails to  uphold its promise. While it is important to make sure that the  authority being extended in the legislation before us today does not  lapse on Sunday, I note that a permanent solution authored by  Representative Ramirez, H.R. 1767, the Bipartisan Student Veterans  Benefit Restoration Act, has been favorably reported out of the  committee and is widely supported by the veterans service organizations  but is still awaiting a vote before the full House.   Representative Ramirez' bill would address the inequity in  protections and relief for current and former student veterans who have  lost their GI Bill benefits due to fraud when their benefits were not  restored while their nonveteran classmates have had their student loans  discharged.    It is inexplicable that, in our current system, these student  veterans are still waiting for their relief and that Congress allows  this inequity to persist.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to take up and pass H.R. 1767 as soon  as possible. It would grant relief to thousands of student veterans who  have lost their GI Bill benefits due to fraud and would finally ensure  that GI Bill beneficiaries have the same protections as student loan  borrowers.   Section 3 of the bill before us today will extend VA's authority to  prepare for and respond to disasters and emergencies for the next 5  years.   This authority is commonly referred to as ``VA's Fourth Mission.''  The bill authorizes appropriations to carry out this authority.   Under its Fourth Mission, VA carries out several major  responsibilities. First and foremost, it ensures VA medical facilities  are prepared to protect veterans and staff during a public health  emergency.   Second, under this authority, VA serves as a contingency backup to  the Department of Defense medical system during a national emergency.  VA can also provide support under this authority, such as staff or  medical supplies, to assist civilian patients.   Finally, VA may furnish hospital care or medical services at its own  facilities to nonveteran patients on a humanitarian basis during  emergencies.   The COVID-19 emergency proved what a vital role VA's Fourth Mission  authority plays in protecting public health, not just for veterans but  for all Americans. I could not be prouder of how heroically the  Department of Veterans Affairs carried out this mission during the  height of the pandemic. VA not only sustained its own capacity to  provide care to veterans and prevent the spread of the virus among its  workforce, but it also provided critical care to civilians, serving as  the backstop to the American healthcare system through Fourth Mission  assignments in nearly every State and territory.   More than 6,000 VA employees volunteered to deploy to assist civilian  or Tribal health systems. VA provided nearly 1.2 million pieces of PPE,  such as masks, gloves, and gowns to non-VA facilities. VA admitted  nearly 700 nonveterans for care at its medical facilities.   The difference VA made through its Fourth Mission authority cannot be  overstated. Countless lives have been saved, and it is imperative that  we extend this authority.   Finally, this bill includes a noncontroversial section regarding  housing loan fees that provides an offset to the small cost of this  bill.   Congress has extended these authorities countless times with the  support of the VSO community, which ensures that this legislation does  not increase the debt or deficit.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), my good friend who holds a seat on the House  Budget Committee, Homeland Security Committee, and the House Judiciary  Committee. She is indeed a staunch advocate for all of our military  servicemembers and veterans.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, it is important that we pass this legislation, but it is  cold comfort when the operation of the entire government is hanging in  the balance this week.   We aren't any closer to extending funding for the Department of  Veterans Affairs, or any other Federal agencies that servicemembers and  veterans depend on.   I think we all need to consider what a shutdown means for  servicemembers and veterans. It will undermine the PACT Act by delaying  the onboarding of much-needed veteran service representatives, and  negatively impact customer service for veterans. The claims backlog  will grow, delaying benefits and services.   Important research will come to a halt, including life-improving  prosthetics research.   There will be no setting of headstones at veteran cemeteries.   Student veterans will have counseling appointments canceled.   Hiring and training of new employees will stop, creating delays that  will last for months.   The Veterans Benefits Administration, the office that oversees  student veteran benefits, veteran housing, pensions, and servicemember  transition will have 40 percent of its staff furloughed.   At the Department of Defense, over 1 million soldiers, sailors,  airmen, marines, space guardians, and their families will go without  pay.   Training will stop, impacting our long-term readiness and security.   Commissaries will be closed on many bases, making it harder to get  basic essentials that military families need.   At the Department of Agriculture, the Special Supplemental Nutrition  Program for Women, Infants, and Children, commonly known as WIC food  assistance, will be cut off. Nearly a quarter, 24 percent of the  Active-Duty servicemembers and families are food insecure, and 9  percent of those families depend on WIC. You heard that right--9  percent of our military families depend on WIC.   How are our servicemembers supposed to focus on their job, which is  inherently dangerous, or a deployment when they are worried if their  family has enough to eat?   My colleagues may not think about these issues as they relate to  veterans. They are too busy giving lip service to half-hearted attempts  to cut the deficit  [[Page H4478]]  that they helped create rather than thinking about the actual  consequences of their rhetoric.   There is growing evidence that both older and disabled veterans are  suffering from food insecurity, as well as student veterans and Native  veterans. The Rand Corporation released a study examining the issue of  food insecurity among veterans.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Rand report be included  in the Record.    Mr. Speaker, food insecurity is linked to many poor  outcomes for physical and mental health, including increased risk of  suicide. Food insecure veterans have a 400 percent higher rate of  suicidal ideation. Food insecure veterans with a diagnosed mental  health issue have a 900 percent higher rate of suicidal ideation.   We, as Members of Congress, like to stand here on the floor of the  House or in front of the press or at a Memorial Day parade in our  districts saying that we are working every angle, trying with all our  might to eliminate or at least bring down the rate of veteran suicide.  But how we spend or don't spend taxpayer money reveals our true values.   When we are trying to do everything possible to address veteran  suicide, these pernicious cuts around the edges are simply increasing  risk for vulnerable Americans, and this includes veterans,  servicemembers, and their families.   Maybe my colleagues don't want to think about the ugly truth of  members of the military not getting paid. The ugly truth is that those  who serve are being asked to go without. Is that fair?   As noted in a recent article in Task and Purpose, cost of living and  food insecurity are ongoing concerns for military families and  veterans.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the Record the  Task and Purpose article titled ``More than a million veterans  experience food insecurity.''    Mr. Speaker, the plain truth is that military families  depend on programs like SNAP and WIC to make ends meet. I have been  working with my Democratic colleagues over the last several months on  ways to address the barriers faced by veterans to access important  services like SNAP and housing vouchers. We should be focused on  increasing access rather than looking to undermine or cut services for  veterans.   The plain truth is just that the threat of a government shutdown, the  uncertainty created by the House Republicans' inability to govern  creates unknowns and stress for our servicemembers and families. We  should be providing predictability and stability to those who serve.  Instead, the Speaker can't even tell us what funding measures we will  be voting on this week.   This looming shutdown is a self-inflicted wound by the House  majority, who are choosing politics over the responsibilities of  governance.   Mr. Speaker, the impact of this shutdown will be felt worldwide by  military and veteran families.   Mr. Speaker, S. 2795 is a good bill and I urge its support by all my  colleagues. It is impossible to pass this legislation, which we should  do, without recognizing what House Republicans aren't doing.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I remind my esteemed colleague and friend-- and I do believe the gentleman from Illinois is my friend--that we are  about to tonight bring up, again, the rule for the Defense  appropriations bill. This body failed to even pass a rule and to bring  to the floor the Defense appropriations bill.   Barring an ability to fund a continuing resolution before October 1,  which is this Sunday, we are facing our military servicemembers going  without a paycheck. This is a very serious moment. As far as I know,  none of the 12 appropriations bills have been agreed to and been sent  to the President's desk.   The bill before us today, this moment, is a bipartisan,  noncontroversial bill that needs to be signed by the President before  Sunday. Time is of the essence, but we can't forget all the things that  we are not accomplishing for veterans today, that we are not  accomplishing for our servicemembers who are in harm's way.   Servicemembers, veterans, and their families deserve to have access  to food, deserve to have access to housing, and deserve to have access  to healthcare and mental health care. If we look at the reauthorization  of the agriculture bill, it is atrocious what is done to all the  nutrition programs that our veterans and our military families depend  on.   Do not be fooled by the fact that we have passed a military  construction bill that fully funds VA but has not yet been agreed to  because of all of the poison pills that have been put into that bill.  We stand here waiting to see if the House Republicans can fulfill the  most basic role of Congress, which is to fund the government.   The brinksmanship of extremists in control of this Chamber is putting  servicemember pay and the WIC program at risk. This situation is both  unconscionable and was totally avoidable, yet we are here at the  precipice.   Madam Speaker, again, I ask all my colleagues to join me in passing  S. 2795. Fund the government. Feed veterans, feed servicemembers, and  feed their families.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am pleased that the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Bost), my friend and colleague, would like to feed  cabbage to his hogs, but I want to feed America's veterans, America's  military families, and America's servicemembers.   I ask all of my colleagues to join me in not only passing S. 2795,  but we also need to fund the government, and we need to make sure that  our military families, our veterans, and our servicemembers have enough  to eat.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   