 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman and his  leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of overriding President Biden's veto  of H.J. Res. 27. Overriding the veto would get rid of a Biden  administration rule that hurts American landowners, small business  owners, and farmers.   Back in 2020, the EPA addressed a longstanding problem. It got rid of  a broad and confusing definition of waters of the United States, also  known as WOTUS, and replaced it with a definition that was much more  specific and easier to understand. But no good deed is left unpunished.   Mr. Speaker, landowners need to know if their body of water meets the  definition of a WOTUS, because if it does, then it is subject to much,  much stricter environmental regulations.   Of course, the Biden administration is doing what it does best, and  it is messing up the situation.   It is like my dad used to say about education: The problem we have  with education is we called in the people who created the problem to  fix it.   That is what they are doing.   It repealed that clear definition of a WOTUS from 2020 and replaced  it with a more confusing and ambiguous one. This means a lot more  landowners, small business owners, and farmers will need to hire  expensive lawyers and consultants just to figure out if their body of  water now qualifies as a WOTUS. This is another example of bringing in  the bureaucrats to fix a problem that they have created.   A lot of my constituents are farmers and landowners, of course. Many  are both of those. It is hard enough for them to take care of their  land and follow these crazy environmental regulations without adding  the burden of trying to figure out what these regulations are in the  first place.   Basically what we have done is we have taken this away from the mom  and pop farmers, the people who have inherited the land and who respect  the land. No one respects the land more than a farmer, Mr. Speaker. We  are replacing it with multinational globalist corporations who control  politicians like the puppet masters that they are.   This administration needs to stop throwing bureaucracies at every  situation it can get its hands on.   Mr. Speaker, it just doesn't work. This time it will hurt Americans  who work hard to take care of their land and their businesses.   