 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment is a simple  amendment.   Earlier this year, as part of the Fiscal Responsibility Act, we  enacted for the first time ever an Administrative Pay-Go. We put a  provision in place that said if this administration is going to try and  put regulations in place that cost in excess of $100 million, then they  have to offset those costs, meaning they have to rescind other  regulations, to offset that cost on American taxpayers, therefore, the  net cost would be zero.   If you are going to put $100 million in new burden-requiring  regulations in place, impacting American households and businesses, you  have to rescind $100 million worth of regulations on American families  and American businesses.   This amendment takes it to the next level. When our constituents  elect us to office, they expect us to be here representing them, yet  during this administration's first 2\1/2\ years, they attempted to put  additional costs or heap additional burdens to the tune of $1.5  trillion on American taxpayers.   Mr. Chairman, I want you to think about that for just a minute. It is  effectively the President of the United States, one person,  unilaterally spending $1.5 trillion. That is effectively what we are  going to spend in discretionary spending this year and it is one person  doing it without any action by the Congress.   What this amendment does is, it says it is fine. If you want to put  regulations in place, that is fine, but if you are going to propose  something that is going to cost over $100 million, it has to come to  Congress. It has to come before the Representatives that were elected  by the people to approve it or shut it down.   I think this is a simple amendment. It is complementary to amendments  that have passed the three other appropriation bills. It is  complementary to what President Biden signed into law earlier this year  on the Administrative Pay-Go.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, certainly being a Representative  that represents thousands and thousands of seniors, I would never do  anything that would adversely affect Medicare.   As a matter of fact, I would argue that this actually helps to  protect Medicare. As we all know, the solvency of the Medicare trust  fund is in jeopardy. By being more efficient, being  [[Page H5822]]  more judicial with the limited dollars that the trust fund has, this is  actually a step in the right direction.   Let me be clear on what I am saying here: If the Centers for Medicare  and Medicaid Services is going to try and impose a new regulation that  is going to cost additional dollars in excess of $100 million, all that  would happen under this regulation, Mr. Chairman, is that that  regulation would then come to Congress for an approval before it would  be implemented.   It doesn't stop it from happening. It simply ensures that it is  consistent with the wishes of the American people. This does nothing to  jeopardize Medicare. It does nothing to impede or prevent services to  seniors. We all represent thousands and thousands of seniors, and I  certainly would not do anything to jeopardize that care.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I just want to reaffirm that  Louisiana does have the best muffulettas in the United States. I would  be happy to have this conversation in depth with my friend from  Connecticut.   Mr. Chair, I am going to say we should support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   