 Mr. President, I rise today to honor the brave men and  women in North Carolina and across the Nation who serve in law  enforcement.   This is a particularly emotional week for law enforcement. The law  enforcement community has thousands of officers, and their families are  in the Nation's Capital for National Police Week. They are paying a  tribute to the brave officers who were killed in the line of duty while  protecting our communities. I want to welcome all North Carolinians who  are in Washington right now.   Unfortunately, our State is all too familiar with law enforcement  officers having to make the ultimate sacrifice, losing their lives in  the line of duty. Over the past year, North Carolina has lost three law  enforcement officers who were killed by others in the line of duty, in  addition to a number of other officers who died from other causes. I  would like to take a moment to honor the service of those North  Carolina law enforcement officers who were killed in the line of duty.   In late August, we lost Sergeant Matthew Ryan Fishman--he was 38  years old--of Wayne County Sheriff's Office. He was one of three  deputies shot after attempting to serve a warrant. They were met with  gunfire, and the incident caused a 10-hour standoff. Sergeant Fishman  died a day later.   He had been a deputy since 2010. Before that, he was an officer in  the Mount Olive Police Department. Officer Fishman is survived by his  wife Sarah, two children, his parents, and two brothers.   That same August, we also saw the death of Deputy Sheriff Ned Byrd of  Wake County. Deputy Byrd was with his K-9 when he heard six gunshots  and drove past a vehicle on the side of the road. Deputy Byrd stopped  and backed up his vehicle. He was shot several times by two criminals.   Unfortunately, the killing of Deputy Byrd revealed numerous failures.  The criminals who killed him were not in the United States legally. One  of them had been previously deported but was able to illegally reenter  the country.   When we talk about ``got-aways,'' this is a very important point  because it happened just a couple of weeks ago in Texas. Someone who  was illegally present in this country--was deported four times--got  back into this country a fifth time and murdered a family in Texas,  including an 8-year-old child. That is another face of a ``got-away.''  And it was a ``got-away'' who killed this officer.   Following their arrest for the murder of Deputy Byrd, one of these  criminals managed to escape prison for several days, and we had to  apprehend him again in Mexico.   Part of seeking justice must be looking at these failures and making  sure they don't happen again.   Deputy Byrd was an Air Force veteran and served Wake County Sheriff's  Department for 13 years. He is survived by his sister, brother-in-law,  four nephews, as well as his beloved K-9 Sasha.   Last December, less than 2 weeks before Christmas, we lost Deputy  Sheriff Bolanos-Anavisca of the Cumberland County Sheriff's Office. He  was 23 years old and served the office for 2 years. He was struck and  killed by a car while investigating a robbery at 3 a.m. The driver ran  through a red light and struck him and then fled the scene. They  eventually located the driver, and he was highly intoxicated.   In the wake of these tragic losses in North Carolina, I am proud to  say that we saw the very best of our local communities. While we have  some communities calling for defunding the police and making  contributions to a website supported by ActBlue--I looked it up today,  Mr. President. I am shocked that it is still there. During Police Week,  there is a website out there called ACAB. Send your money. What does  ``ACAB'' stand for? ``All Cops Are Bastards.''   You would think that at least in a week when we are looking at the  sacrifice these officers made, they could take the website down, but  they are still proudly raising money. If you don't believe me, just  Google ``ActBlue,'' ``All Cops Are Bastards.'' Donate today. Harass the  police. Look past the sacrifice they are making every single day.   On the other hand, our communities had an outpouring of love and  support for the families and colleagues of those fallen officers. Most  Americans proudly support men and women in blue. But there are some who  feel emboldened by the disgusting anti-police rhetoric.   Disrespect and denigration of law enforcement officers only  contribute to an environment that makes our officers and communities  less safe and far fewer people willing to even sign up to do the job.  If you don't believe me, ask local law enforcement. We have historic  lows for people signing up to go to academies and historic highs for  people retiring early, as soon as they are eligible. This is happening  across the Nation.   In 2021, the intentional killings of law enforcement officers reached  a 20-year high. While the number went down in 2022, it is still well  above what we have seen in years past. We need to take threats and acts  of violence against law enforcement seriously. That is why I will  reintroduce the Protect and Serve Act in this Congress. This  legislation will make it a Federal crime to intentionally assault a law  enforcement officer. It is amazing that it is not on the books already  today. It sends a strong message to criminals that targeting and  assaulting law enforcement officers is inexcusable, and you will be  punished. I will continue to work across the aisle to get this  legislation enacted into law.   And I am committed to supporting our brave men and women in blue.  This bill has earned broad support and has the full support of the  Fraternal Order of Police and many of the Nation's leading law  enforcement groups.   Each year, we take this week to celebrate those who serve us and  protect us in public safety. This would be a great year to come back  next year's Police Week and say that we got this bill passed.   Law enforcement has our backs every time and every day they put on a  uniform. The least Congress can do is to support the Protect and Serve  Act. They need your support more than ever, and you need their support  more than ever.   To the men and women in blue in North Carolina and across the  country, I want to say thank you for what you do and the sacrifice you  make.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent my staff,  Isabella Vesely, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges  until May 19, 2023.   