 Madam President, I want to thank my colleagues, and I want  to thank the administration for the response to the devastating floods  that we experienced in Vermont this August.   I am here to make a report and also to make a plea that we replenish  the Disaster Relief Fund in the FEMA budget so that the work that needs  to be done in Vermont to help our farms, our families, our communities  recover will continue to be done.   Today, I had a telephone conversation that was set up by Senator  Sanders. Our Governor was on the phone, and my colleague Congresswoman  Balint was on the phone with the FEMA Administrator. And she has been  doing a tremendous job. She has been extremely responsive. We are all  grateful to her for that work. But what she did make very clear is that  it is absolutely essential to the well-being of FEMA's capacity to  continue to provide a response that this budget be supplemented and the  FEMA supplemental be passed.    So I urge my colleagues--and, again, I want to thank them--from both  sides of the aisle who have approached me and said: Peter, your folks  have been hammered by the natural disaster, and we will be here to help  you. But there is a long way from where we are with the precarious  activities going on in the House.   First of all, we are pretty proud of the response. President  Coolidge, who was our President in 1927 and was a Vermonter from  Plymouth, VT, toured the flood damage when we had a catastrophic flood  in 1927. And he nicknamed the State ``a brave little State.'' And that  is who we are in Vermont. And his appellation of that term was his  recognition of the indomitable spirit that our people in Vermont have  to pick themselves up, to pull together, and to rebuild.   Nearly a century later, of course, this August we experienced another  devastating flood. What we experienced in July and August was nothing  short of catastrophic. Towns across the State were devastated, with  homes and businesses and farms completely destroyed.   You can see here, this is our capital, Montpelier. And that was right  after the rains that were parked over Montpelier and just would never  leave. It is dry now, but these businesses along Main Street have not  reopened. Some have; many haven't. To some extent, their decision is,  will the FEMA aid be there so that they have a chance to open those  doors and make up for the lost income and, hopefully, revive that  downtown.   Damage estimates are still coming in; but, currently, it is totaling  in the hundreds of millions of dollars for our very, very small State.   The impact on Vermont's farmland is stunning. This is Paul Mazza's  farm. That farm, with vegetables, row crops, that was under tremendous  amounts of water. When the water receded--the crops, the berries, the  pick-your-own crops are not only important to families and nutrition,  but it was a revered activity by families in Vermont to come to Paul's  farm and pick their berries with their kids. He is not going to be able  to harvest any berries this year.   By the way, in terms of the damage that was done, USDA's Natural  Resources Conservation Service estimates anywhere between 145,000 and  686,000 acres of agricultural land in the State was impacted by  flooding.   The Conant's Riverside Farm, which I visited along with the Governor  and Senator Sanders, half their hay and corn was impacted by the  flooding--silk from the flood-covered corn that was used to feed their  cows. There is real question about how they are going to make it  through the winter because what they do is grow the crop and store it  to feed to their animals over the winter.   The Foote Brook Farm, which is owned by Joie and Tony Lehouillier in  Johnson, VT, is one of the main services of food for that community in  Johnson. The grocery store in that town was totally flooded out but  will be reopening. Their farm was flooded, too. They had over $100,000  in losses. And what was really bad this time, they also lost a lot of  their equipment.   I do thank the administration, President Biden, and FEMA. I  acknowledge the tremendous work that Governor Scott and his team have  been doing staying on top of this. And there has been a tremendous  effort on the part of Senator Sanders, who has been the leader of our  delegation of three here in the U.S. Congress, but we have got to get  that FEMA supplemental passed.   While $16 billion in FEMA's Disaster Relief Fund is critical, the  Vermont delegation, as I mentioned, is pushing for more because, with  what has happened, regrettably, to our colleagues in Hawaii and the  hurricane in Florida has added to the challenge and of the need. We  need to increase FEMA's cap for hazard mitigation. We need to make  small business loans forgivable.   If you are a small business and you have just implemented a plan to  expand and you borrowed money from the bank in order to do it, you  can't afford to take out more loans. So it is really essential that we  make it possible for folks to get grants--these businesses that are so  critical to our communities--rather than saddle our small businesses  with more debt.   We also need to expand the USDA's Emergency Grant Relief Program for  our farmers.   (Mr. MARKEY assumed the Chair.)   Mr. President, even if the world has moved on for other parts of the  country, Vermont still needs help.   One of the heartbreaking situations that you see, we visit when there  is a farm, there is a family whose home has been destroyed, a business  that can't open, and do all we can to make certain the relief gets  there. But if it is your home that you can't get back into, if it is  your business that you are not certain at all you can reopen, if it is  your farm where the crops have been destroyed, there is a lot of  suffering that continues. And it takes an immense amount of courage.  What we have to do is make certain that folks who are willing to  rebuild and come up from the floodwaters to do their work again, that  we make certain we do our work here. That means getting the FEMA  supplemental passed and enacted into law with the signature of  President Biden.   Our farmers, like the seventh generation Conant family farm, they  need the support of Congress to get through the flooding. Our  businesses on Main Street that hope to reopen need the support of  Congress and the FEMA resources. And, of course, our homeowners,  including folks who have mobile homes that were washed away, they  absolutely need the assistance in order to get back into a safe and  secure home.   So my request to my colleagues is to do what all of us have done for  each other when the people we represent have been on the receiving end  of a catastrophic natural disaster, and that is to make certain that we  come to the aid of our fellow citizens. And the way we can do that is  by the passage of the FEMA supplemental request.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   