 Mr. Speaker, I just want to clarify, Russia and Iran-- well, Iran is part of OPEC, so they are not the ones buying out of the  Strategic Petroleum Reserve. As a matter of fact, President Biden went  to OPEC to ask them to increase their production instead of doing  American oil.    Mr. Speaker, I also want to say, 2015--to finish the sentence--it was  a Republican controlled Congress in 2015, it was also the Obama  administration worked together in a bipartisan way to unleash American  energy or give them a worldwide market for American energy, and when  you threw in President Trump's administration and a regulatory  environment that made sense, we had record production of energy. We did  ship it throughout the world. We also had record low prices here in  America.   The problem we are facing today is because of President Biden and the  Democrats in Congress' war on American oil. That is the problem we are  here to address.   The price of gasoline hit over $5 a gallon in the height of this war  on oil, $4.80 a gallon in Kentucky when it was just over $2.20 when  President Biden took office. American families are hurting because of  this, small business owners are hurting because of this, and they  continue to struggle.   Instead of taking action to meaningfully unleash America's energy  potential, President Biden opted to release supplies from the Strategic  Petroleum Reserve. What we need to do is get back to unleashing  American energy, not sending out of our Strategic Petroleum Reserve.   Even worse, President Biden's abuse of our Strategic Petroleum  Reserve has reduced our stockpile by more than 250 million barrels,  jeopardizing our ability to respond to supply disruptions posed by  natural disasters and other true emergencies. This includes selling  millions of barrels of oil from our Strategic Petroleum Reserve to  adversarial countries, including China.   By prohibiting our strategic reserves from being sold to China, this  legislation is a significant step toward restoring our energy security  and providing needed relief for hardworking Americans.   We have the ability to produce, we need to move forward, and we need  to ban SPR from going to China and we need to move forward on American  energy.   