 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1435.   Despite its name, the Preserving Choice in Vehicle Purchases Act,  this bill would actually reduce choice for both consumers and the  States they live in.   By making egregious changes to the Clean Air Act's Section 209 waiver  authority, this bill would add significant impacts on our collective  ability to adopt clean vehicle technologies, combat climate change, and  promote environmental justice.   It would not only imperil California's statutorily granted ability to  seek waivers to implement more protective standards for vehicle  emissions, but it would also significantly hamper the rights of any  States that have chosen or may choose to follow California's lead.   Under Section 177 of the Clean Air Act, States may voluntarily adopt  any California vehicle emissions standard that has been granted a  waiver from EPA. To date, 17 States, including the State of Maryland,  where I live, have done so.   No one is forcing States to adopt California's standards, but for  many State across the country, like Maryland, doing so makes a lot of  sense.   That is why, in March of this year, our Governor, Governor Moore,  announced the adoption of the Advanced Clean Cars 2 Rule, which will  align our State with the emissions standards pioneered by California  and speed our transition from internal combustion engines to electric  vehicles.   According to the Maryland Department of the Environment, this will  provide in-State health benefits of nearly $40 million per year by  2040, to say nothing of the energy savings, climate impacts, and  economic benefits of building out our green economy.   The bill before us today would take away Maryland's freedom to adopt  regulatory standards like these that meet its needs and would encroach  on the rights of all States that choose to follow California's lead in  adopting vehicle emissions standards that will provide benefits to each  and every one of our communities.   H.R. 1435 is a blatant attack on States that are taking ambitious  steps to curb air pollution from cars and trucks and create greener,  healthier futures for their residents.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this legislation.   