 Mr. President, it is great to be here with Senator  Carper and Senator Capito--two dear friends but also two leaders in the  recycling effort, not only recycling in general but the Recycling  Caucus--to raise the visibility of the importance of recycling from an  environmental standpoint as well as the important role the industry has  in our economy.   Of the many caucuses that I am a member of, the Senate Recycling  Caucus is one of the most active.   The attention to recycling in Congress is night and day compared to  what it was a couple of years ago, in large part because of Chairman  Carper's leadership. So I want to thank him so much for his commitment  not only in word but in deed.   When China implemented its ``National Sword'' policy in 2018, that  halted the import of plastics and other materials destined for its  recycling processors. As a result, we really began to see how crippled  our domestic recycling abilities were. But through a lot of hard work,  we are beginning to help the policymakers and the public and private  sectors understand how recycling is common sense.   This is not a red or a blue State issue. Recycling is good for the  economy, it creates jobs, and helps the environment. Everyone should be  able to get on board with those incentives.   Recycling is a critical part of the United States, with it being a  $200 billion industry that has created over 680,000 jobs. However, with  the recycling rate in the United States currently sitting at around 32  percent, there is certainly room for improvement.   It will take a team effort to get where we want to be. Corporations,  manufacturers, and leaders from across the spectrum all have a role to  play in developing the best ways our country can be a global leader in  this important industry.   One of the bills we are introducing today is the Recycling and  Composting Accountability Act. This is a data collection bill at its  core.   As it stands, there is no standardized data for our national  recycling system, since there are upward of 10,000 individual recycling  systems in the United States at local and State levels. It is hard to  fix a recycling problem--it is hard to fix any problem--if you don't  have a baseline data point to work with. That is what this bill is all  about.   The other bill that we are championing is the Recycling  Infrastructure and Accessibility Act. This pilot program will award  grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to improve  recycling accessibility in a community or communities within the same  geographic area.   While these bills will not completely fix our Nation's recycling  system, we know it is progress. If we keep building on commonsense  wins, I am confident the United States can become the leader globally  in recycling, as it should be.   I look forward to further working with Senator Carper and Senator  Capito and, again, thank them for their leadership and their efforts as  we champion sustainable and economically beneficial policies that  recycling is all about. We must continue to develop meaningful, long- term solutions that address the challenges facing the recycling  industry today.   I yield the floor.   