 Madam President, 2 weeks ago, our Nation surpassed 38  mass murders--the highest level since 2006. Since then, at least three  additional mass murders have occurred. This harrowing record serves as  another forceful call to action for Congress. We must act today to end  gun violence. That is why I rise today in support of my 3D Printed Gun  Safety Act.   I rise for those festival-goers in Las Vegas. I rise for patrons of  Pulse nightclub and Club Q. I rise for the children in Sandy Hook,  Uvalde, and Nashville. I rise for Mainers in Lewiston. I rise for all  those victims whose names are not well known and whose stories do not  dominate the airwaves. I rise, I rise, and I rise again.   There is no conceivable reason to further delay another gun violence  prevention vote in the U.S. Senate. Senate Republicans are blocking the  will of the American people and exposing Americans to unnecessary  bloodshed.   This month, the Gun Violence Archive reported just under 40,000 gun- related deaths in the United States this year, including over 22,000  suicides. Additionally, over 1,500 minors under the age of 18 have been  fatally shot.   I rise today for the 40,000 families whose lives are forever changed  because Republicans refuse to take action on gun violence--40,000  families.   This Congress unfortunately has no shortage of brutally tragic  stories to remind us that the most vulnerable among us will continue to  suffer from firearm violence if we fail to act. We need to act now--and  we should have acted a long time ago--to pass commonsense legislation  that keeps guns out of dangerous hands.   There is a long list of commonsense bills that Democrats have  introduced this Congress to prevent gun violence, but Republicans have  not allowed a vote on a single bill. None of the bills have ever seen  debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Just last week, Republicans  blocked votes on a bill requiring safe storage of firearms and on a  background checks bill, which is supported by 9 out of 10 Americans.   Experts continue to point to the availability of guns as the primary  cause of the rise in gun violence in our country. It is unconscionable  for my colleagues on the other side to continue to ignore this reality.   We are now faced with a terrifying new source of gun violence: 3D- printed firearms. 3D printing is an easy, quick, and inexpensive method  for people to obtain a firearm who otherwise would be prohibited from  doing so. Middle schoolers with access to their school's computer labs  could print them. Convicted domestic abusers could print them.   It is not only 3D-printed guns but also gun components, 3D-printed  components, including silencers, scopes, and braces, which increase  lethality for those who are harmed by them, and 3D-  [[Page S5950]]  printed components can turn a semiautomatic firearm into an automatic  firearm.   These guns present modern and unique challenges. Some 3D-printed guns  are entirely plastic and evade metal detectors. This increases safety  risks in public venues secured with metal detectors, such as airports,  courts, concert halls, and government buildings. And 3D-printed guns  are not typically serialized and therefore are not readily traceable.  That increases the burden on local law enforcement as they work to  solve cases across our country.   It is imperative that we put an end to the proliferation of these  deadly weapons. So how can we do it? Well, we need to stop this problem  at the source: readily available online blueprints.   Currently, the online sharing of blueprints is legal in all but two  States in our country. My bill, the 3D Printed Gun Safety Act, would  change that. My bill would make it unlawful to intentionally distribute  3D printer files that can produce firearms or any related parts. This  change is common sense and constitutional, and it will save lives. A  world where 3D printing instructions for firearms are freely accessible  is a world where anyone can have a machine gun printed out in minutes.   I understand and appreciate that we do not all share the same views  on gun violence prevention, but thousands of Americans have already  died this year due to Republican obstructionism on sensible gun  violence prevention reform.   We must end the stranglehold the National Rifle Association--the  NRA--has on congressional Republicans. It is time to make NRA stand for  ``not relevant anymore'' in American politics. That is what has to  happen. That is the revolution we need in this country.   I thank Senator Menendez and Representative Moskowitz for their  partnership. I thank Brady, Everytown, Giffords, and March for Our  Lives for their advocacy. I thank the many organizations and organizers  on the ground who are in every State helping families and communities  to heal from the devastating impacts of gun violence. I thank my  Democratic colleagues, who have staunchly supported every action that  has come to this floor in an attempt to put an end to the scourge of  gun violence.   Gun violence is tearing apart Republican and Democratic communities  alike in this country. Stand with us on the right side of history.  Today, we can start the long process that we are going to need of  national healing right here in this Chamber.   I ask my colleagues for their support for my bill today.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the  Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 1819, the 3D  Printed Gun Safety Act of 2023, and that the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration. I further ask consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, before I begin my remarks, I ask  unanimous consent that the following legislative fellows in my office  be granted the privileges of the floor for the remainder of the  Congress: Oliver Stephenson, Alexandra Swanson, and Martin Wolf.   