 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding.   Let me explain why we are in the situation that we are in today. We  have watched over the last year as my friends across the aisle have  pushed through legislation called the IIJA, called the IRA, the CHIPS  Act, the ARP, all these acronyms.   What does it mean to you?   What it means to the American people, Mr. Speaker, is it means that  $10 trillion in extra funds have been spent--$10 trillion.   Let me tell you what that means. Today, a child born in America is  going to inherit about $4\1/2\ million in debt at their birth--$4\1/2\  million--the amount of money they are going to pay over their lifetime,  according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.   Right now, we have hit our credit card limit as a Nation. We don't  have the ability to pay the monthly payment, and so we are in a  quandary.   We have to figure out how we are going to raise that credit card  limit. Just like you would do with your own family, you would have a  conversation, Mr. Speaker, with your child. You would say, hey, how did  you get yourself in this situation? We have to fix it.   The situation we are in right now, we have four options in front of  us. There are four.   Number one, we can default on the debt. You cannot pay your credit  card bill which means late payment penalties, interest rates going up,  and you cause havoc on the American family.   The second option is you can say, hey, we are going to use this 14th  Amendment thing that doesn't really exist, and the President can just  do it on his own.   The third option is you can get all the moderates together, and they  can do a relatively clean debt ceiling that just keeps that debt going  up and up and up from $32 trillion today to $52 trillion over the next  20 years or so.   Mr. Speaker, 17\1/2\ cents of every tax dollar paid over the next 10  years is going to go towards interest on the debt--17\1/2\ cents.   The third option we have is, again, a clean debt ceiling, just  running it up.   The fourth option we have, the one that is before us today, is the  Fiscal Responsibility Act.   It is absolutely historic. For the first time ever, as a result of  the strategic nature of this Speaker, we are in a situation where we  have legislation before us that will result in the greatest savings in  American history that will result in the greatest rescission, or taking  back of funds, in our Nation's history.   We have legislation before us today that will strengthen and instill  work requirements for welfare.   We have legislation before us today that will rescind funds for  additional IRS agents because I have never had a constituent say, gosh,  I wish I could have more audits.   We have legislation before us today that, for the first time in 40  years, streamlines the environmental process.   Mr. Speaker, here it is: Historic efforts to raise the deficit, $6.5  trillion is how much this will result in. This one, $2 trillion in  savings. This is the option.    There is not an imaginary fifth option, Mr.  Speaker. It doesn't exist. Let's be honest with the American people.  Support this legislation.   