 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I commend Chairman Fleischmann for the hard work in the  Appropriations Committee and this particular subcommittee and the good  product that they put out.   I do have a slight adjustment I would like to make to it, even though  the subcommittee was very generous in working with the Natural  Resources Committee and other committees in getting the base text.   I rise in support of Westerman amendment No. 14. It is an amendment  that I would describe as an intentionally punitive amendment, but with  a just cause: to protect the integrity of the legislative branch and,  more specifically, the House of Representatives.   My amendment reduces funding for the Bureau of Reclamation's policy  and administration account to fiscal year 2022 levels. At the Bureau of  Reclamation, the policy and administration account finances the  agency's centralized management and administrative functions that are  not chargeable directly to a specific project or program. This includes  the Office of the Commissioner, the administration's political  leadership of the agency.   You may be asking why the chairman of the Committee on Natural  Resources is here asking for an administrative funding cut to an agency  under our jurisdiction. One of Congress' most vital responsibilities is  oversight of the executive branch, making sure they are accountable to  the American people. Congressional hearings are an important tool that  we use to engage directly with administration officials and to conduct  oversight on policy objectives, openly debate legislation, and  spotlight waste, fraud, and abuse occurring in agencies.   These officials have an obligation to be responsive to Congress,  engage in the oversight process, and be accountable to the American  people. However, this administration, like many others from the past,  on both sides of the aisle, chose to blatantly disregard this  responsibility when they specifically refused to participate in a  congressional hearing earlier this year.   There, we considered H.R. 215, Congressman Valadao's WATER for  California Act. This legislation addresses the operation of the Central  Valley Project, which is a Federal water project owned and operated by  the Bureau of Reclamation. This legislation is critical not only to the  Central Valley but to our entire country's food supply. The legislation  was important enough that it was included in the base text of this  bill.   However, even with ample notification with an invitation sent 2 weeks  prior to the hearing, the Bureau of Reclamation failed to appear at the  hearing. The Bureau of Reclamation employs roughly 5,000 employees, so  they clearly have the ability to send a representative. While written  testimony was submitted the day before the hearing, this was a poor  substitute for engaging with the committee members.   Non-Federal witnesses who appeared at the hearing repeatedly  mentioned the Bureau of Reclamation, which daylighted the missed  opportunities for dialogue between the agency and the people they  serve.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I will again point out that this funding is  for the administrative part of the Bureau of Reclamation. It has  nothing to do with functions that are chargeable directly to a specific  project or program.   The Bureau of Reclamation does oversee many important programs. We  want to see those programs function properly, and we also want  accountability from the executive branch. The executive branch's clear  pattern of disregard for congressional oversight indicates an entitled  leadership that lacks accountability to the American taxpayer.   It is not my goal to have to come to the floor and cut the budget of  an agency because they refuse to respond to Congress, but what tools do  we have when they will not even come to a hearing that is directly  related to the work that they do and when they just act like  congressional oversight is an annoyance to them and is nothing serious?   My amendment will send a clear message to the executive branch that  blatant disregard for congressional oversight is unacceptable.   Mr. Chair, I hope this is a bipartisan sentiment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   