 Madam President, the world is still reeling from Hamas's  brutal massacre of more than 1,400 Israelis and 33 Americans on October  7. Israel is completely justified in their response to the worst attack  on their nation since the Yom Kippur War 50 years ago.   Israel's ultimate goal is and it rightly should be the destruction of  Hamas. The United States must stand shoulder to shoulder with Israel  and support this goal with lethal aid and intelligence support. In the  coming weeks, Congress will consider the President's request for  emergency national security funding that is aimed at doing just that.   Beyond debating the specifics of how much or what type of aid we  send, I believe now is the time to rethink U.S. policy when it comes to  the Hamas government and Gaza.   Beginning with their founding charter, the ideology of Hamas is  motivated by anti-Semitism and genocidal--that is right, genocidal-- intentions towards the Jewish people. In fact, the Hebrew word  ``hamas'' means ``violence.''   Since Hamas took power in the Gaza Strip in 2006, they have continued  this violence and terrorism against Israel and their allies. Hamas  employs murder, rape, torture, and unspeakable brutality against the  Jewish people. Hamas even fires rockets indiscriminately towards  Israeli civilians, many of which misfire and land, killing people in  their own Gaza, innocent Palestinians.   Make no mistake, the only word to describe Hamas is ``evil,'' and  when they commit atrocities like those of October 7, we must not look  away.   One aspect of the October 7 attack that continues to this day is the  plight of the more than 200 innocent people currently being held  hostage in Gaza, including several Americans, including some from my  own State of North Carolina.   Last week, I met with some of these families here in Washington. They  told me stories about their loved ones and gave me their photos. These  families--their fear and their heartache are something that no American  should ever have to face.   Part of the President's funding package is so-called humanitarian aid  in Gaza. Given that Gaza is governed by Hamas, I simply don't believe  it is right to give a dime of taxpayer money to the very terrorists who  are holding Americans hostage.   When this funding package comes to the floor, I plan to offer several  amendments to hold all humanitarian aid to Gaza until each and every  American hostage is home and is safe. And we should go further. U.S.  and other foreign humanitarian aid should no longer be used as a crutch  for Hamas to hold on to power.   The United States shouldn't be giving any money to Gaza until Hamas  is no longer the de facto government. For the sake of innocent  Israelis, innocent Palestinians, and for the future of peace in the  Middle East, we must stop propping up such an evil regime with U.S.  aid. It is my hope that the upcoming spending package includes more  than just money, but that it demonstrates the strength and wisdom that  this moment requires.   I yield the floor.   