 Madam Speaker, Americans demand that their  elected leaders step up and do the work of the people.   Madam Speaker, 3 weeks ago, this body did exactly that. It passed the  Limit, Save, Grow Act to avoid a debt default and to put in place  commonsense controls on our out-of-control Federal spending.   The Limit, Save, Grow Act will reduce our Federal deficit by $4.8  trillion over the next decade and lifts the debt ceiling to avoid this  looming crisis, all while protecting seniors and veterans.   We have demonstrated to the American people that we are committed to  doing the work of the American people on critical issues, providing  real solutions and working to retake our place on the world stage.   Yet, our bill was met by even more silence from the White House and  childish derision from leadership in the Senate--no negotiation, no  counterproposal. In short, not an ounce of work from the executive  branch nor the other half of the legislative branch.   Maybe they were too busy. Maybe they were on vacation. Maybe they  hadn't thought through the disastrous consequences of doing nothing.   No work, no solutions, no negotiations, no plan--the Biden-Schumer  default is coming for your Social Security check because they refuse to  show up for work.   Just remember, the Limit, Save, Grow Act restores funding to fiscal  year 2022 levels. If you liked veterans' benefits in 2022, you will  like them in our bill. In fact, the House GOP, through the  Appropriations Committee, has announced our proposal to increase the  budget for the Department of Veterans Affairs by nearly $18 billion.   For the record, I am a proud veteran, and I am insulted by our  opponents' false accusations.   Now is the time to show Americans what true leadership looks like. I  implore our President and our Senate colleagues to come to the table  and do the work that the people have sent us here to do. Their inaction  and inability to work to find common ground have not gone unnoticed by  our citizens. I am here to do the work of the people. My Republican  colleagues are here to do the same.   