 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk as approved by  the Committee on Rules.    Mr. Chair, this amendment simply ensures that no undue  influence can be wielded by the Chinese Communist Party using an  existing provision, which I think reflects the overall sentiment behind  this anti-CCP and forced labor provision of the entire bill.   The underlying section allows the Secretaries of Agriculture and the  Interior to accept and expend funds from non-Federal entities in order  to pay for staff and information technology system development to  expedite permit processing. They are authorized to accept funds in  fiscal years 2023 through 2025.   This amendment prohibits those Secretaries from accepting  contributions from non-Federal entities owned by the Communist Party of  China or a person or entity acting on behalf of the Communist Party of  China. Seems pretty common sense.   There are already provisions in the bill which would prohibit the  CCP's involvement in certain parts of our energy market. They should  not be allowed to participate in this one any more than they do in the  others. There is no reason that our government should be accepting  money from this well.   Let's remind ourselves that we are not talking about the people of  China who wish to breathe free, like all people in the world do. We are  talking about the Communist Party of China. We don't need anything from  them.   Mr. Chair, I urge support and adoption of this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from the other side of  aisle that we are finally willing to get together, Democrats and  Republicans, and be tough on the Communist Party of China.   Mr. Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman), the chairman of the full committee.    Mr. Chair, I urge support of the amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk approved by the  Committee on Rules.    Mr. Chair, this amendment simply extends existing  reporting requirements. The underlying section allows the Secretaries  of Agriculture and the Interior to accept and expend funds from non- Federal entities in order to pay for staff and information technology  system development to expedite permit processing. They are authorized  to accept funds in fiscal years 2023 through 2025.   In the original bill text, both Secretaries are required to submit  annual statements to the committees of jurisdiction explaining why one  or both of the following scenarios occurs:   They do not accept funds contributed; or   They accept but do not expend the funds contributed.   This amendment adds the requirement that both Secretaries submit a  report to the committee of jurisdiction that includes, for each  expenditure authorized:   The amount of funds accepted, and   The contributing non-Federal entity.   I know most folks probably don't read these reports, and they throw  them in a pile. However, for future oversight efforts, it is important  for the U.S. Congress to both specifically enumerate that agencies  retain this information and then require them to provide it to us so  not only we can see it but the American people can see how the money is  being spent and who is spending it and who is giving it.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman), the chairman of the full  committee.    Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for his comments. Again,  the provision also exists. All we are saying is that we should be able  to--the American people--should be able to follow the money. If there  is a report that says this is where the money came from and this is  where it was spent or it wasn't spent, then we can follow the money and  we know. That is all we are asking for. That is all this does.   It doesn't slow anything down. It doesn't speed anything up. It just  says you are capable; you are able. There is a way to follow the money.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk as approved by  the House Rules Committee.    Mr. Chair, the FAST Act provides for certain projects to  be covered, which means projects that meet statutory requirements can  gain voluntary access to a permitting timetable that contains all the  necessary Federal environmental reviews and authorizations in one  centralized location.   The underlying text ensures certain Defense Production Act projects  also receive that covered status unless the project sponsor opts out.  This amendment specifically excludes the Defense Production Act  projects related to solar panel and EV projects from that preferential  treatment.   This amendment does not alter the actual authorities provided in the  Defense Production Act; it just says that the administration--any  administration--can't get special treatment for projects that have  absolutely nothing to do with national security.   Solar energy is often unreliable and cannot compete without  subsidies. EVs cannot compete in the competitive market without  subsidies.   Mr. Chairman, as far as I know, Congress hasn't declared war since I  have been here. Using wartime authorities to subsidize these  technologies simply doesn't change those facts. Worse yet, the projects  empower the Chinese Communist Party and exploit their regime of slave  labor.   Roughly 50 percent of the world's polysilicon necessary to produce  solar components comes from Xinjiang and Turkmenistan where they have  the slave labor operation. Industry representatives have actually  acknowledged the major disruption caused by this Congress' efforts to  stop forced labor in the region. We should try to stop it every way we  can, and this is one of the ways. Again, the solution is not to abuse  wartime authorities to prop up domestic industry incapable of making a  profit without generous taxpayer subsidies.   Finally, while this amendment is relatively narrow in scope, I hope  we have a broader conversation about the Defense Production Act on our  side of the aisle to prevent abuses from this and future  administrations.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, again, this is about using wartime powers, and  we haven't declared war.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Westerman), the chairman of the full committee.    Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and would echo his  gratitude for the staff. There are long nights and a lot of details to  be worked through. To get these things right, we rely on folks that  oftentimes are more the experts than we are. We sure appreciate their  sacrifices on our behalf and on behalf of the Nation.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   