 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 185, and I thank my friend  from Kentucky, Mr. Massie, for introducing this important piece of  legislation.   We all know that the People's Republic of China has not been  transparent regarding its handling of the COVID crisis.   My amendment is simple. This amendment will add language to the  underlying bill to clarify that no provisions in the bill shall affect  the order issued by the CDC requiring negative COVID-19 tests or proof  of recovery from COVID-19 for travelers coming from the People's  Republic of China.   A Bloomberg news article from last month said that: ``After years of  meticulously testing to find every last case of COVID-19, Chinese  President Xi Jinping is now effectively looking the other way as the  virus ravages the nation's 1.4 billion people.''   Mr. Chair, we cannot fall asleep at the wheel when it comes to  protecting our Nation, its people, and our safety with respect to the  adversarial and all-too-often nefarious actions and intentions of the  People's Republic of China.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, just a few days ago, we saw the People's Republic of China  send a high-altitude surveillance balloon over our airspace spanning  almost the entire continental United States. No one believes the  government of China's ludicrous explanation that this was simply a  weather balloon that inadvertently went off course. If the Chinese  Government is willing to make such a bald-faced lie to the world, then  how can we possibly trust the information they are releasing regarding  the current COVID crisis in China?   The easy answer is: We can't. Because we can't trust the Chinese  Government to be transparent and honest about the scope of their  current COVID crisis, we must take appropriate precautions. Continuing  to test travelers from China is essential to our national safety. A  vote for this amendment is a vote in favor of holding China accountable  and ensuring the safety of our Nation and its people.   In closing, I urge Members to vote ``yes'' on my amendment and the  underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   