 Madam President, last week, the House voted for a  commonsense proposal that is supported by a majority of Americans. The  House voted to protect female athletes. This week, it is time for the  Senate to do the same thing.   Before my time here, I spent many years as a coach, educator, and  mentor. I have seen how sports can change people's lives. Athletic  scholarships open up a lifetime of opportunities for men and women  alike. Yet, today, those opportunities for women are being threatened  by a radical political agenda that is being forced upon the American  people.   When I was growing up, there were a lot less opportunities for female  athletes. Fifty-one years ago, Congress passed title IX to ensure that  male and female athletes both had access to lessons, life skills, and  opportunities for advancement that come from participating in sports.  It has been one of the most successful pieces of legislation ever to  come out of Congress.   As a coach, I saw its impact firsthand. One of my first jobs out of  college was coaching junior girls' basketball--what a thrill. Title IX  was just starting to be implemented when I took the job. I was there to  see the incredible impact it had on young girls all over this country.   For the first time, young women I coached had equal access to  facilities, resources, and competition. I saw those hard-working  athletes go on to earn college scholarships, start careers, and become  leaders in their own communities.   I still keep in touch with a lot of them. I am deeply proud of them.  I wonder if they would have had the same opportunities without title  IX. Would they have had the same access or ability for success?   Before title IX, at a lot of schools, there was no such thing as  college women's athletics. Very few collegiate championships for  women's sports existed, limiting opportunities for female athletes to  achieve greatness.   Before 1972, when title IX was enacted, there were only about 30,000  female athletes in college sports and only around 290,000 in high  school sports. For comparison, at the same time, 3.7 million males were  playing high school sports. However, after title IX's enactment, that  changed very quickly.   Because of title IX, female participation at the college level has  risen more than 600 percent. Yet now female athletes are again being  told to give up their ability to compete--and settle for second place.   Women and girls are suffering at the hands of an ideology. The Biden  administration is taking a sledgehammer--a big sledgehammer--to title  IX.   A few weeks ago--on Good Friday, of all days--Joe Biden's Department  of Education issued a new rule completely reinterpreting title IX. As  usual, the Biden administration is trying to legislate from the White  House--the executive branch--because they know their radical ideas  would not--and I repeat, would not--make it through this Congress.   This type of change should require a bill, but Biden, again, wants to  change Federal law by simply publishing a new rule. Biden's rule change  says schools cannot ban boys from participating in women's sports or  else they will lose their funding.   I can't believe we are even talking about this.   The proposed rule is 116 pages long. It is so vague that schools are  not going to know what to do. They are not going to know how to  interpret it. The vagueness is going to let the Biden administration  selectively enforce rules and intimidate schools into taking the most  cautious position.   It is a backdoor national mandate to force schools to allow  biological males to play in women's sports. Schools that choose to  protect female athletes would face punishment from the government if  they didn't allow it.   The rule is expected to go into effect this coming fall 2023. That  means teachers and coaches would have to begin opening their girls' and  women's teams, fields, and locker rooms to biological males. It is  unfair, it is unsafe, and it is downright wrong. To be honest, it is  moronic.   As a former coach, I can tell you that coaches will do what it takes  to win. Coaches want to keep their jobs. The only way to keep your job  as a coach and to deal with the pressure is to win games.   College athletics is a big business--a big, big business. There are  conferences that make near $100 million per school a year just for  television rights. So there is a lot at stake.   Under the Biden rules, all of the incentives are for biological males  to dominate women's sports. They are only a very small percentage  today. One study shows trans athletes make up about 0.00025 of athletes  in women's college sports today--a very small percentage.   But, frankly, one championship or opportunity ripped away from a  female by a biological male is one too many. The Democrats are here to  argue differently. If they do that, it is shameful.   Ten years from now, I suspect the situation is going to be very, very  different. The Supreme Court last year voted to allow college athletes  to get paid for their name, image, and likeness. A few years from now,  coaches and players would stand to make millions through playing  biological males against women. It is only common sense that that is  going to happen because winning is the only thing that counts in  college and professional athletes. That is the only thing that counts.   Biological males will and would dominate in virtually every women's  sport. Women's sports, as we know it, would be over. Biological girls  would simply drop out of sports or never choose to play in the first  place.   Is this really what the Democrats want? Is this really their plan? Do  Democrats really want to end women's sports? Do Democrats really want  to ruin the dreams of young girls who  [[Page S1366]]  want to be the next world-famous gymnast, like Suni Lee, or tennis  player superstars, like the Williams sisters, or Olympic swimming  legend, like Katie Ledecky? Is that what they want?   I am grateful that many courageous female athletes are speaking out.  I spoke with one of the greatest athletes in history, Caitlyn Jenner,  who is fully supportive of this bill for keeping men and boys out of  women's sports, because we have all seen women like Riley Gaines, who  had to watch her national championship dreams get taken away by a  biological male. This was after she was forced to share a locker room  with that adult biological male against her will.   Riley Gaines was at the University of Kentucky on an athletic  scholarship. But what would happen if a young girl is forced to compete  against a male in high school? She could watch her dreams taken away.   Already 28 championships have been taken away from girls and women at  the hands of biological males. You have got to be kidding me. Males  have 40 to 50 percent greater upper body strength and 20 to 40 percent  greater lower body strength. It is dangerous to put them on the same  field with women. This is basic biology.   What did we see from the ``Party of Science'' last week? Exactly zero  Democrats in the House voted for this bill--zero. The ``Party of  Science'' seems to have skipped biology class.   Now the question is, Will any Democrat in the Senate show a little  bit of courage and stand up for women--just a little bit? Will any  Senate Democrat vote to protect their daughters, their granddaughters,  or great-granddaughters? I am anxious to see this. Will any of them do  that today?   Democrats have been talking a lot about women on the Senate floor  lately. Democrats seem to think the only thing women care about is  abortion, ending the life of a child. What about women and girls who  want to be athletes or go to school on an athletic scholarship? Does  that matter?   Not a single House Democrat voted to protect girls and women in  sports. Today, we are going to find out where Senate Democrats stand.   The bill the House passed last week would stop this administration  from forcing schools to let biological males compete against women. In  fact, the Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act does just the  opposite. It prevents a school from receiving funds if it lets boys  compete in women's sports.   Americans do not want the Federal Government footing the bill for a  policy that is a slap in the face to women who have worked so hard to  become athletes.   A clear majority of Americans support this bill--a clear majority.  Poll after poll has proven that. It is time to act before the situation  gets worse, and it is going to get much worse. So now I am going to  give this body a chance to stand up for women athletes.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of H.R. 734, which was received from the  House; further, that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Madam President, I am truly disappointed but expected  that the Democrats were going to block this legislation to protect  young girls and women. Again, it is shameful. It really is.   I see my colleague from Iowa is on the floor, and I want to thank her  for joining me in this effort to protect women.   I yield the floor to Senator Ernst.    I thank Senator Ernst for her comments. Now I would  like to yield the floor to my colleague from North Carolina, Senator  Budd.    Madam President, I thank Senators Ernst and Budd for  their comments today. I also want to thank the 25 cosponsors we have  signed on to my bill in the Senate. Rest assured, this is not the end.  We will continue to fight for this legislation for all the girls and  women across this great country.   I yield the floor.   