 Madam President, I am so delighted that the Presiding  Officer is in the Chair--the Senator from Nevada--who has led this  fight on the floor against this incredibly counterproductive measure  that the Senator from Florida has brought here--incredibly, in the  name, somehow, of being tough on China.   I have seen lots of things on this floor that didn't make sense. I  have seen lots of things where I have wondered about the judgment of  people who were pursuing something allegedly in the interests of the  American people, allegedly in the interests of American jobs, allegedly  in the interests of manufacturing, allegedly because we are competing  with China.   I have never seen something as counterproductive as this, and I want  to thank the Presiding Officer for her leadership because she comes  from Nevada and I come from Colorado, and we know the jobs that are at  stake here--tens of thousands of jobs that could go away--a billion  dollars of tariffs, of taxes that our solar industry would have to pay  as they are going out of business because of what the Senator from  Florida is trying to do in the name of being tough on the Chinese.   So let's talk about that for a second. Let's think about who is  actually being tough on the Chinese. One of the benefits of the way the  Chinese are organized--well, they see it as a benefit; I don't see it  as a benefit, but they do--is that they don't live in a democracy; they  live in a totalitarian society. In that totalitarian society, they can  make 5-year plans; they can make 10-year plans. Xi can say: This is  what we are going to do for the next 5 years. This is what we are going  to do for the next 10 years.   And I would argue that, for the 20 years that we were spending  fighting those two wars in the Middle East that we probably shouldn't  have been fighting for those 20 years, the Chinese were marching along  and marching along and marching along, stealing our intellectual  property and developing new industries and new technologies. We had our  eye off the ball.    One of the things that is hard about democracy is that sometimes we  can't really plan much longer than between two elections--or one  election, if we are really being pathetic. But, recently, there has  been a different approach here. Recently, there has been a different  approach in the infrastructure bill that we passed a couple of years  ago that was bipartisan. It was the first infrastructure bill of any  significance since Eisenhower was our President.   We finally said: Do you know what? We need to start investing in our  country again.   And all over Nevada, all over Colorado, Americans are working on our  [[Page S1486]]  roads and bridges--long overdue--as a result of bipartisan work,  Republicans and Democrats working together.   There was another bill that we passed that was the semiconductor  legislation, the so-called CHIPS Act. Some people remember--I certainly  do--when I was in college, Ronald Reagan was the President of the  United States. And back then, Madam President, for some reason,  everybody thought that it was a good idea to ship everything to  Southeast Asia to get it made there, that it would be a good idea to  ship it to China and have it made there. That is kind of what Ronald  Reagan's view of the world was.   And I regret the fact that we went down that road for decades. Now  that CHIPS bill--that semiconductor bill--that is the first piece of  legislation since Ronald Reagan was President that said: Stop it. We  are going to bring an industry back to the United States. We are going  to bring the semiconductor industry back here.   And, by the way, I hope that is not the last. I hope that is only the  first. But it sure made sense to start with semiconductors because 90  percent of the most important semiconductors in our fighter jets are  made in Taiwan, 110 miles off the coast of China. Ninety percent of the  semiconductors in our surface ships and in our submarines are made in  Taiwan, 110 miles off the coast of China. What could possibly go wrong?  Yet Democrats and Republicans working together said: We are going to  bring that back.   Well, we had another bill, Madam President, that I regret didn't get  any Republican votes. I wish that it had. I really do wish that it had  because that bill had two pieces. One was healthcare, and one was  energy.   In the healthcare piece, we cut drug prices for seniors. We said we  are going to cap them at $2,000. We said Medicare is going to negotiate  drug prices on behalf of the American people for the first time. We  capped insulin at 35 bucks a month--pretty amazing. And I am sorry some  people didn't vote for that, and I don't know exactly why.   But the other part was an energy part, and, here, we were saying: We  are going to compete with China. And here we were saying: We are going  to lead the world in the transition that we are going to make from the  fossil fuel economy that we have today to a clean energy economy; and  that no country in the world is better situated to do that than the  United States.   Does that mean we can turn fossil fuels off tomorrow? No. Can we turn  them off yesterday? No.   I, for one, believe it is going to be really important for this  country to export LNG, or liquefied natural gas, over to Europe to help  keep Europe in the fight against Putin and to help replace Chinese  coal. I think that is going to help us with emissions. Not everybody  agrees with me on that. I believe strongly.   And I don't think there is a country in the world that is better  situated--because of our abundant fossil fuels that we have today,  because of our commitment to the rule of law, because of our commitment  to innovation, because we are not as corrupt as a lot of the countries  that we are dealing with, and because we have passed the Inflation  Reduction Act, which had $270 billion of tax credits in it to drive  innovation in the American economy. Because of all those things taken  together, I am so happy to live in this country because we can lead  that transition, and we can compete with China. We can outcompete  China.   But into this sunny picture came the Biden administration, an  administration that I generally support. But they, a few months ago,  decided that they were going to begin an investigation into where  certain solar panels came from. And the Presiding Officer and I and  some others said: Hold on a second. We haven't made the transition yet.  We haven't done it yet. It is going to take us 2 to 3 years to set up  these manufacturing plants to build solar panels here, to make them  here so we can compete with China. And, in the meantime, we have got  tens of thousands of people who are swinging hammers in Nevada and  Colorado and all across this country, who are climbing ladders and  getting up on roofs to install solar panels to make sure that we are  driving away from our reliance on fossil fuels and into a world where  we are relying on wind and the Sun.   And the minute that the Biden administration did this, companies in  Colorado started to say: We are going to go out of business. Companies  in Nevada and New Mexico said: We are going out of business. The  capital that was investing in them went away.   This isn't hypothetical. This was happening. They were saying to me  and I know they were saying to the Presiding Officer: We are going to  go bankrupt as a result of this policy.   We are going bankrupt as a result of this policy. We can't sell  enough solar panels here in America. We can't install enough solar  panels. We can't hire enough people. And now our own country is saying  we are going to bring this to an end.   We went to the White House, and we said: We can't do this to tens of  thousands of people all across our country. We can't do this if you are  committed to fighting climate change. We can't do this if you are  committed to the union workers who are installing all of those panels  all over the United States.   I remember a phone call with the Presiding Officer, with the White  House, where I said: This is a matter of days, not months.   To their credit, they came back, and they said: You guys were right.  We need to put a moratorium in place. We need to have 2 years where we  can have a transition to, you know, give us the chance to start  manufacturing these panels here in America.   It is amazing to have people that strategic in our democracy, to be  able to say: You know what, we passed a law--the Inflation Reduction  Act--that is going to put us in the position of being able to  manufacture these solar panels here, which Ronald Reagan and all those  people should never have sent to China to begin with. So we are going  to bring them back, but it is going to take us a little time.   In the meantime, we are going to adopt a set of policies that are  going to allow the small businesses that are installing solar all over  Nevada, all over Colorado, all over this country--we are going to not  just allow them, we are going to celebrate the fact that they are  there, and we are going the support them and give them notice.   We are going to act strategically with respect to our competition  with China. And that is what we did. The combination of that moratorium  and the Inflation Reduction Act--that is probably the most strategic we  have been around here in decades--in decades. And now comes the Senator  from Florida, who says: I am going to blow this up. I am going to  compete with China by destroying the solar industry in the United  States. I am going to compete with China by putting tens of thousands  of people who are now working on the unemployment roll. I am going to  compete with China, the Senator of Florida says, by putting a $1  billion retroactive tax on the solar industry in Nevada, in Colorado,  and all across the United States of America.   That doesn't sound like competing to China. That sounds like  surrender, to me. That sounds like waving the white flag, to me.   In all the history of self-inflicted wounds around here, that is just  the latest example. And don't get me started on that, although I will  just say parenthetically, why anybody in this Chamber or in that  Chamber would think this is the moment in American history to raise  interest rates on the American people, on home buyers, and on people  who have car loans and people who are paying student debt, I don't  know. But that is not the topic we are here for today. But it is almost  nuts, especially when the status quo is going to be so great for  America because the status quo is, we are going to spend the next 2  years continuing to install solar panels. We are going to spend the  next 2 years standing up manufacturing all across the United States of  America. I hope a bunch of that is going to be in Colorado so we are  building and manufacturing these solar panels here.  [[Page S1487]]    So what I would say is, if you are voting with the Senator from  Florida, don't do it because you are competing somehow with the  Chinese. You are surrendering to the Chinese. If you are doing it  because you think that we got taken to the cleaners by the Chinese in  terms of the manufacturing of solar panels to begin with, I acknowledge  that, but that wasn't the Biden administration's fault. They are the  ones who are trying to bring it back. They are the ones who are  bringing it back, just like we were the ones who brought the  semiconductor industry back.   We have an incredible opportunity to go forward here, to grow the  industry that we have, and to lead the world, as I said, in this  transition from fossil fuels to clean energy.   There is no country in the world that is better situated than the  United States of America to lead that transition because of who we are,  because of the natural resources we have, and because of the bill the  Presiding Officer and I voted for. We shouldn't upset that. We  shouldn't change that.   So I would encourage every single Senator in this Chamber, whether  Democrat or Republican, to vote down this bill in the name of the  competition we are in with China; to vote down this bill in the name of  working people in this country; to vote down this bill in the name of  our kids and grandkids, who hopefully are going to benefit from our  leadership and the strategy we have been pursuing to make this  transition. Let's agree together that we can find much more  constructive ways to compete with our adversaries around the world.   Thank you, Madam President. Thank you for your leadership on this  issue, and thank you for giving me a few minutes to talk today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I yield back all time.   