 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to introduce an amendment that  prohibits the funding of the Treasury Department's wasteful Climate Hub  initiative, which was rolled out by the Biden administration in 2021.   My constituents sent me to Washington to restore fiscal sanity to our  Federal Government and get back to  [[Page H5617]]  the basics. It makes zero sense to have a climate hub under the  Treasury Department.   This country is over $33 trillion in debt. Americans are tired of  seeing their tax dollars used to bloat and embolden Federal agencies.  They are tired of seeing these agencies usurping power to pursue  extreme agendas. They are tired of this Biden administration turning a  blind eye to address real problems that Americans face while pursuing  an agenda that only liberal elites benefit from.   They have loosely defined their so-called climate strategy while  pumping billions and billions of dollars into pursuing and enforcing  out-of-touch regulations.   Mr. Chairman, as our country sinks deeper and deeper into debt every  day, I see no basis for a climate hub to exist in the Department that  should be focused on our country's finances. Instead of prioritizing  legitimate functions within the Treasury Department, such as promoting  economic growth in America, managing our government's finances  effectively, and ensuring the soundness of our financial system, Mr.  Chairman, the Treasury Department's Climate Hub is just another example  of how Democrats and this administration want our Federal Government to  grow in scope and power and ignore the core functions of their mission.   Time and time again, we have seen this administration embark upon a  rogue spending spree in the name of climate change and apply its own  definition of fiscal responsibility to its decisionmaking. Rather than  confronting the immediate challenges that face our country, Washington  bureaucrats are caught up in their own climate policy echo chamber, and  it seems to me that many of them care more about a photo op than  enacting sound and well-thought-out policy.   This administration has telegraphed to the American people that  climate change is the only threat to our humanity and is more serious  than nuclear war. Everyday Americans can see right through the  hypocrisy of this administration. I remind everyone that Americans  deserve better from their government.   My amendment would put an end to the Treasury Department's wasteful  Climate Hub. The United States Treasury has absolutely no reason to use  taxpayer funds for this initiative.   I am committed to standing up for fiscal responsibility, and I urge  my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, again, I think the basis of this is that we  must get back to the basics. The Treasury Department has no basis for  undertaking this initiative.   Mr. Chair, I continue to urge my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, we cannot accept that every agency can focus  its time and resources on aspects outside of their design and control.  If we ever hope to get our economy back on track and our country back  on track, we can't continue to allow this administration or the  Treasury Department to ignore its core responsibilities.   I am proud to introduce this amendment, and I once again urge my  colleagues to support it.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   