 Madam President, I rise today in support of H.J. Res.  26, a resolution to overturn the recent law passed by the DC Council to  revise the city's Criminal Code.   I was pleased to join Senator Hagerty as an original cosponsor of the  Senate's version he introduced in February.   The Nation's Capital is a unique American city in that it was  established through the ratification of the U.S. Constitution in order  to host the Federal system of government established by our Founders,  separate from the authority of any one single State. Founded in 1790,  the city has grown immensely since its earliest years and, with a  population of nearly 700,000, has become one of the largest cities in  the region.   In addition to the residents of this city and those who commute daily  from neighboring Maryland and Virginia, Washington, DC, hosts nearly 20  million visitors on an annual basis--one of the most visited cities in  the United States--as Americans from all  [[Page S685]]  50 States, including my home of Kansas, come to the seat of their  government to meet with their elected officials and visit the National  Mall, memorials, and museums their tax dollars go to maintaining every  year.   Sadly, as the Capital City has expanded, so, too, has the influence  of the far-left politicians who serve as members of the council.  Similar to their Democratic counterparts in the White House, Congress,  and other U.S. metro areas, the DC Council has gone full tilt in giving  the keys of this city to its criminals and vagrants and in failing in  their duty to protect its inhabitants and visitors.   This culture of lawlessness--the same that is on display at our  southern border, where just yesterday we learned that two of the four  Americans kidnapped by the Gulf Cartel were brutally murdered--is a  product of cashless bail laws and efforts to defund the police.   In DC, these efforts have come in the form of major cuts to the  city's police department. In 2020, the council implemented a $15  million cut to their own police force--$15 million. Since then, the  number of sworn officers has decreased steadily year over year, and,  predictably, crime has been running rampant ever since. In 2021, more  than 200 homicides were committed. It was the first time homicides  surpassed 200 since 2003. In 2022, DC topped its mark again, and the  trend is continuing in 2023. Crime is up 25 percent from this time last  year; murders are up 33 percent; sexual abuse crimes are up 120  percent; and motor vehicle thefts are up 108 percent.   Shockingly, despite these staggering numbers, the DC Council, over  the objections of the city's police chief and chief prosecutor, moved  in November of last year to eliminate mandatory minimum sentences and  reduce maximum penalties for these very crimes.   Thankfully, the same Constitution that established the Capital City  gave Congress authority over the District, and while I am a strong  supporter of local control, Republicans in Congress have taken an  important stand to not stand by and watch as the radical DC Council  further inflames the crimewave engulfing our constituents' Capital  City.   I myself am afraid for my own wife to walk from our apartment to the  Capitol. I am afraid for my own staff to walk from working here to  their own homes. This last Christmas, I gave every woman on my staff a  special device to be able to defend herself should she be attacked.  This is real. We see it every day in this city. We see the crime  everywhere we go. This city is no longer safe. This city no longer  belongs to the people. This city now belongs to the criminals.   I know the Democrats in the House did not get the memo from the  President in time that he would sign our legislation into law--that of  overturning the DC Council's overhaul--but I am glad our colleagues  across the aisle here in the Senate will be joining him in passing this  important bill in order to blunt the crime victimizing the residents  and visitors of this city and the efforts of the DC Council to return  the District of Columbia back to being the murder capital of America.   Unfortunately, we know this is just a politically motivated move to  protect their electoral chances in 2024. Lawlessness runs deep in the  Democratic Party, and no matter how they vote today, much more must be  done to turn back the harm they have done to our inner cities and at  our southern border.   I yield the floor.   