 Mr. Chairman, let me first commend Ranking Member Raul  Grijalva for fighting the good fight every day.   I rise today to oppose the polluters over people act. It is an  extreme MAGA Republican bill that will increase pollution by lowering  environmental standards. It will increase climate change by removing a  lot of provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act designed to combat  climate change. It also increases the deficit.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, it will increase the  deficit by over $2.4 billion just on one bill alone. It is like a  triple threat of badness. It increases pollution, it increases global  warming, and it increases the deficit.   Now, let's just take a review of what we have done up to now. Last  term when Democrats were in control, we passed laws that moved the  American family forward.   We passed the American Rescue Plan that got our economy back on track  as we were coming out of a pandemic.   We then followed that up with the infrastructure law to rebuild  roads, bridges, and highways; to take lead out of water pipes; and to  put broadband everywhere from rural areas to inner cities and  everywhere in between.   We then followed that up with the CHIPS and Science Act. That is  going to bring manufacturing back to the United States.   Then we followed that up with the Inflation Reduction Act, which not  only helped reduce the deficit--Democrats reduced the deficit by over  $1.7 trillion last year--but that Inflation Reduction Act also had the  highest number of climate change projects and the highest amount of  climate change funding in world history.   This term when Republicans took control, what did you all do? Well,  let me tell you. You read the Constitution on the House floor. You took  turns doing that. You also held not one, but two congressional hearings  complaining about Twitter.   It is more than just stupid stuff. Extreme MAGA Republicans are  trying to pass extreme MAGA Republican bills like H.R. 1 that is going  to, again, increase climate change, increase pollution, and increase  the deficit. It is also a monumental waste of time, because guess what?  This bill ain't going anywhere.   It is not going to pass the Senate, because you need to override a  filibuster. That ain't gonna happen.   Even if it miraculously does pass the Senate, the administration has  already signaled they are going to veto it. We are just wasting time  here when we should be focused on more relevant issues like how do we  prevent gun violence at schools.   My heart goes out to the victims of the tragic mass shooting  yesterday in Nashville. Three of the victims were 9-year-old children.  Recently, a member of the Republican Caucus from Tennessee was asked  what we are going to do to fix school violence.   His answer was: We are not going to fix it.   Well, Democrats have a different view. Instead of wasting time on  political stunts like H.R. 1, let's pass universal background checks  into law.   