 Madam President, for 2 years, Democrats had control of  the House, the Senate, and the Presidency. They took the reins of power  as the Nation began to emerge from a pandemic that had upended our  economy and the lives of all Americans.   Up to that point, Republicans and Democrats had worked together to  pass multiple rounds of COVID relief with strong bipartisan support.  That spirit of cooperation and bipartisanship came to a screeching halt  when Democrats took total control in January of 2021.   Rather than viewing the pandemic as a challenge that required  temporary measures to overcome, Democrats saw it as an opportunity to  permanently expand the size and scope of government. That was the exact  opposite of what we needed as a nation.   Our public debt as a share of the economy had soared to heights many  would have viewed as unthinkable a few years earlier. What was sorely  needed was a bipartisan focus on putting our fiscal house in order.   Instead, Democrats rammed through a nearly $2 trillion partisan  spending bill that prominent Democrat economists warned risked sparking  inflation. Then, as inflation soared to 40-year highs, Democrats  doubled down on their reckless spending with additional legislation and  executive actions adding trillions more to our national debt.   Thankfully, the American people had enough. They made their voices  heard through the ballot box. Republicans were handed control of the  House of Representatives based on a promise of a return to fiscal  sanity.   Speaker McCarthy repeatedly called on the President to negotiate a  fiscally responsible and timely debt limit increase. Unfortunately,  President Biden proved not to be a willing dance partner. He sat idly  by for nearly 100 days watching the clock tick down to default despite  the urgent need to raise the debt ceiling and begin to put our fiscal  house in order.   Speaker McCarthy thankfully never took no for an answer. He kept  pushing and rallied House Republicans to pass a debt limit package to  pair back spending excesses of the prior Congress and impose meaningful  spending controls moving forward.   House passage of the Limit, Save, Grow Act put a reasonable and  fiscally responsible offer on the table that President Biden couldn't  ignore.   The bipartisan negotiations that ensued brought us to where we are  today, a bipartisan agreement to address the debt ceiling while  imposing meaningful brakes on government spending largess.   As is the case with any bipartisan agreement, neither side got  everything they wanted. I would have preferred an agreement closer to  the House-passed bill. But in a closely divided government, you can't  let the perfect be the enemy of the good.   The Fiscal Responsibility Act is a step in the right direction after  years of unchecked Democrat spending. It will impose meaningful caps on  discretionary spending that, over the next 2 years, will produce  hundreds of billions of dollars in savings.   The agreement also strengthens work requirements in social welfare  programs and claws back tens of billions in unspent COVID funds.   On the whole, over the next 10 years, this agreement will produce  $1.5 trillion in savings. However, for all these savings to be  realized, Republicans in the House and in the Senate will need to stick  to their guns and vigorously enforce the spending caps.   As the ranking member of the Senate Budget Committee, I am prepared  to do my part to hold the line and expect the House chairman is  prepared to do the same.   As I said earlier, this agreement is a step in the right direction.  However, we have a long road ahead to put our debt and deficits on a  sustainable path.   Even assuming all the savings in this agreement is realized, public  debt as a share of our economy will exceed World War II era record  levels in a matter of years, and annual interest costs will balloon to  over a $1 trillion.   We have a moral obligation to the Nation's youth to leave them a  country that is on solid financial ground. Passage of the Fiscal  Responsibility Act is a start, but much remains to be done.   