 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the  underlying bill, H.R. 2, the Secure the Border Act of 2023.   For over 2 years, the Biden administration has continued to ignore  crisis after crisis. Just 2 weeks ago, the American people saw that  President Biden and the Democratic Party were just fine ignoring our  looming debt crisis.   Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, House Republicans kept their promise. They  kept their promise to the American people and passed a responsible  solution to raising the country's debt ceiling.   Now this week, House Republicans are having to once again clean up  after this administration and their reckless policies that are hurting  the lives of Americans around the country, but especially in my home  State of Texas.   Our southern border is not secure. This administration does not have  operational control, and their claim that they have decreased  immigration by 90 percent is simply laughable.   President Biden's destructive policies and continued lies to the  American people have only worsened this deepening crisis.   My fellow Members and I have heard from law enforcement on the ground  that this country has gone from one of the safest and most secure  borders under the Trump administration, to an unsustainable  humanitarian crisis of epic proportions, and it is getting worse by the  hour.   With the expiration of title 42 tomorrow, it will be unfathomable of  what will be facing our friends on the Texas border.   This all happened within the first 24 hours of this administration.  President Biden sits in the White House and threatens to veto our bill,  calling for comprehensive immigration reform, while vulnerable migrants  crossing our southern border are raped, killed, or trafficked every  single day.   Along with all my fellow Republican Members, I want to see  comprehensive  [[Page H2187]]  immigration reform, but that cannot be done until this crisis on our  southern border is under control. H.R. 2 will do exactly that.   Mr. Speaker, this bill will finish the border wall, will provide  adequate funding for our Border Patrol agents, and ensure that the  migrants most vulnerable, the unaccompanied alien children, are taken  care of once they become this country's responsibility.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is just common sense. I urge my fellow Members  to support the underlying bill, and I urge support for the rule.   