 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, following a busy summer in the Senate, it  was great to spend a little bit of time back home in Texas and, for at  least a couple of days, in the great State of Vermont courtesy of the  Presiding Officer's recommendation.   I always look forward to the Washington break here in Washington  because it gives me time to travel across my State and to hear from  many of the 30 million Texans I am honored to represent. I enjoy  getting an update from them on what is happening, to hear their  concerns, and to talk to them about what I am working on.   One example of that is the Carla Walker Act. This bill carries the  name of a 17-year-old Texan who was tragically murdered in 1974 and  whose case went unsolved for many decades--nearly five decades. It  wasn't until September of 2020 when Carla's family finally received the  answers they had been searching for. DNA evidence that was collected at  the crime scene was sent to the State DNA testing facility in the The  Woodlands, TX, called Othram.   Now, just a little bit of detail. Traditional DNA testing frequently  will not tell you everything you need to know about who this is a  sample from, but thanks to forensic genetic genealogy, or FGG, enhanced  DNA testing was able to identify Carla's killer, and justice was  served.   FGG--this enhanced DNA testing analysis--has the potential to provide  answers for countless victims and their families, and I am working on  legislation to make it more widely available when needed, especially  for criminal investigations.   As this legislation is being worked on, it is great to hear about the  usefulness of this DNA testing technology from law enforcement as well  as forensic DNA experts.   I also had the pleasure of meeting Carla's family, who finally  received closure after decades because of this enhanced DNA testing  process.   But it is not just the bills that are in the works; I also appreciate  the chance to hear firsthand about how the laws that we passed recently  are actually being implemented. One great example of this is the CHIPS  Act.   Last week, I visited the University of Texas at Austin for its first  annual Semiconductor Day. The University of Texas has built strong  partnerships with companies and other academic institutions across the  State and Nation and is eager to do its part to help revitalize  America's semiconductor industry.   Just a refresher: We used to produce about a third of the advanced  semiconductors in the world, but now that is down to about 10 percent.  Ninety percent of the world's advanced semiconductors are manufactured  in Asia. We all can imagine what would happen if, because of natural  disaster--Heaven forbid, another pandemic--or an invasion by the PRC of  Taiwan--what that would mean to our access to advanced semiconductors,  things that power everything from your mobile phone to the Joint Strike  Fighter, the fifth-generation Joint Strike Fighter. Everything these  days requires semiconductors, these microcircuits.   Well, the university launched the Texas Institute for Electronics, or  TIE, as it is called, which will support the future of semiconductor  manufacturing through education, training, and collaboration with  industry leaders. The Department of Commerce staff who are responsible  for actually implementing the CHIPS Act were there to learn about the  incredible public-private partnerships that are driving the chip  industry already forward in Texas.   This is exactly the kind of collaboration I think we envisioned when  I first introduced the CHIPS Act more than 3 years ago, together with  our colleague Senator Warner from Virginia. It is gratifying to see  this vision becoming a reality in the Lone Star State, as I am sure it  is in other parts of the country.   Over the last several weeks, I have also heard from my constituents  about the many challenges that families and businesses are facing,  starting with high prices on everything from food to housing,  exacerbated by what President Biden calls Bidenomics. Like Texas  Governor Ann Richards said in the summer of 1992 at the Democratic  National Convention--she said: ``Well, you can put lipstick on a hog  and call it Monique, but it's still a pig.''   Nevertheless, I have come back to the Senate refreshed and ready to  get back to work. So I listened to what the majority leader has said  and written about his agenda for this period between now and the end of  the month. We face a number of deadlines to fund the government and  reauthorize critical Federal programs.   This year, four major deadlines arrive on September 30, just 25 days  from now or 16 legislative days--16 days. Of course, none of these  deadlines popped up out of nowhere. We have had plenty of warning and  plenty of time to advance each of these bills. But the Senate majority  leader--the one responsible for the Senate agenda and who is the only  person in the Senate who can actually schedule floor action--has  created this mash-up and dysfunction.   As it turns out, some of the biggest legislative achievements of the  year have actually been led by this side of the aisle, by Republicans,  who fought to overturn damaging Biden administration rules.   The Senate did pass legislation to raise the debt ceiling and place  caps on discretionary spending, but it is important to remember that  this was a deal cut between the Speaker, Speaker McCarthy, and  President Biden. The Senate was essentially a bystander.   The biggest accomplishment of the year so far has been passing the  annual Defense bill--not a small thing--but it is still a long way from  reaching the President's desk.  [[Page S3874]]    I would say that considering the number of must-pass bills still on  our agenda for the year, that is an embarrassingly short list of  accomplishments. So now we have a lot that needs to be done in the next  4 weeks, but really I think you would have to acknowledge that this  schedule is designed to fail--designed to fail.   One of the biggest tasks we have to complete in that time is to fund  the government, and it looks like we are in for a bumpy few weeks. But  I would hasten to point out that this is not a bug but a feature of the  majority leader's plan. In other words, it didn't have to be this way.  This is all according to Senate Majority Leader Schumer's plan.   Why? Well, it maximizes his leverage on the final product to the  detriment of every other Senator on our side and on yours. Why, Senator  Schumer might ask, would I let 99 other Senators participate in the  appropriations process when I can hold it hostage for my demands?   And, to be clear, the Senate Appropriations Committee has done its  job, passing 12 bipartisan appropriations bills out of committee, and  they did that before the August recess.   You know, when you look at the schedule and what it is that hasn't  been done and needs to be done in such a short period of time, it is  incredible to me that the Senate majority leader decided that the  Senate would be out of session for 40 days--40 days; that is how long  it has been since we were here last--especially with all this work to  do. And we have not been in session on most Mondays recently, starting  on Tuesday and then wrapping up 2 days later on Thursday afternoon. So  I think the picture of the majority leader's plan is becoming very  clear.   Party-line disagreements over funding levels are nothing new, but the  path to success is especially muddy this year. Several months ago,  Speaker McCarthy and President Biden reached a deal that raised the  debt ceiling in exchange for deeply needed spending cuts. The national  debt has ballooned to more than $32.8 trillion, and the American people  are unhappy with Washington's out-of-control spending. Well, that is  exactly what the Speaker sought to address during the debt ceiling  negotiations with the White House this spring, and it is no question  that he made substantial progress toward that goal. He negotiated  across-the-board spending cuts, marking a small but significant step to  curb Democrats' reckless spending habits.   Now, with the funding deadline just 3\1/2\ weeks away, Republicans on  both sides of the aisle are eager to make good on our promise to return  to responsible government spending bills. House Members are knee deep  in discussions over the best way to pursue those spending cuts, and I  expect we will hear more when the House returns to Washington next  week.   But still, that hasn't stopped the majority leader from criticizing  them. Just last week, he referred to the Republicans in the House and  their spending cuts discussions as political games. Well, if this isn't  a game, I don't know what is--planning for the failure of the  appropriations process and trying to jam through a spending bill with  16 legislative days left. I suggest the majority leader look in the  mirror for the identity of the person who has brought us to this point,  the one who has been playing the games.   As I said, he is already trying to blame Republicans in the House for  a potential shutdown, and, right on cue, the press has started the  drumbeat driving that narrative. That is all you are going to hear  between now and the end of the fiscal year--is there going to be a shut  down or is there not going to be a shut down?--all of which is  absolutely unnecessary if the majority leader had used the authority he  has to schedule a vote on 12 appropriations bills that we could take up  and pass out of the Senate. The House could do the same. We could  reconcile the differences and avoid all of this drama.   Well, thank goodness our Democratic colleagues no longer control all  levers of government. Senator Schumer and the President now only have  some say, not total say, over legislation. With divided government,  Democrats no longer have the power to jam spending bills through both  Chambers of the Congress, like they did last year. The American people  elected a Republican majority in the House, which has pledged to rein  in reckless Federal spending. Well, I hope that Speaker McCarthy and  our other Republican colleagues in the House will succeed in their  efforts this time on appropriations bills.   It is nothing unusual for the House and the Senate to have a  different approach when it comes to spending money, what those  priorities are, and what the top line should be. It is entirely within  their authority and their responsibility. But they have to have a dance  partner. Senator Schumer has to be willing to engage in a negotiation  in good faith, not play these kinds of games and threaten another  government shutdown.   If Senator Schumer wants to avoid a shutdown, he needs to drop the  preemptive blame game and actually listen to the concerns of House  Republicans on the Federal government's out-of-control spending and  then negotiate a compromise. He needs to accept his responsibility.   Funding is only one major item on the to-do list. Congress also needs  to pass a farm bill, as you can see on the list.   My State is home to nearly a quarter of a million farms and ranches,  more than any other State in the country. One out of every seven  working Texans has an ag-related job. I had a chance to sit down with  some of these constituents in Lubbock last month and hear how their  lives and livelihoods are affected by the farm bill. It is important to  them, which means it is important to me.   This legislation is critical to America's supply of food and fiber,  as well as to the livelihoods of the hard-working men and women who  grow and produce it. We simply can't let this legislation continue to  shift and be delayed. I know Senator Boozman and, I suspect, Senator  Stabenow are committed to passing a strong bill that will meet the  growing needs of our ag industry. That is on this list, and that is not  going to happen either between now and the end of the month.   Then there is another item on the list: reauthorize the Federal  Aviation Administration. We all heard news of some of the near misses  or collisions of some of the aircraft at our airports, which is  harrowing to listen to, especially for those of us who do a lot of  flying. It is important that we update and reauthorize the Federal  Aviation Administration in the reauthorization bill.   Over the last couple of years, travelers--millions of travelers--have  dealt with widespread flight cancellations, paralyzing staffing  shortages, and rising prices. As I said, we witnessed or read about  some jarring safety issues, including these near collisions on runways  in Austin, where I live, and in Minneapolis and New York. The Agency is  clearly lacking when it comes to safety, efficiency, and reliability. I  hope we can address these and other issues with the FAA  reauthorization.    But it ain't going to happen between now and the end of September,  when the current authorization expires. Again, this is part of a  design--a design to fail--to meet our responsibilities to do things  like pass the FAA reauthorization.   I know Senator Cruz and Senator Moran are leading the effort on our  side of the aisle on the FAA reauthorization, and I know they are  committed to helping the Agency meet the challenges of today and the  future. I am sure Chairman Cantwell feels exactly the same way.   But last and, certainly, not least, the two Chambers need to resolve  the differences between the two bills that we passed--our respective  versions of the National Defense Authorization Act--so we can send the  final bill to President Biden. Thanks to the hard work of Senator Reed  and Senator Wicker and the bipartisan effort in the Armed Services  Committee, the Senate bill received an overwhelming vote of support, 86  to 11. It invests in our military bases, our defense stockpiles, our  modernization efforts, and, of course, American servicemembers.   The NDAA is vital to our military readiness, and there is no reason  it couldn't be completed before the end of the month. But under Senate  Majority Leader Schumer's leadership, the Senate has developed a major  legislative pileup. If these were cars, this would be  [[Page S3875]]  a major pileup. The majority leader has procrastinated when it comes to  the Senate's most important duties.   In the next few weeks, we need to pass government funding, the farm  bill, FAA reauthorization, and the final version of the NDAA. These are  some of the most fundamental responsibilities of Congress, each of  which comes with a clear deadline, which we are preparing to blow  through.   I am disappointed that we are now rushing to complete an impossible  task of completing all of these bills before September 30. It is  impossible. It is not going to happen.   As I said, it didn't have to be this way. There is only one person  with the authority and the responsibility to avoid this situation: the  senior Senator from New York, the Senate majority leader. He is the  only one who can set the Senate agenda and move a bill across the  floor. The Presiding Officer and I can't do it as rank-and-file  members, but the majority leader can, and he simply has failed to do  so.   There is a lot riding on the Senate's productivity this month, and we  owe it to the American people to do our best to get the job done with  the cards that the majority leader has dealt us.   I yield the floor.   