 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, our Federal bureaucracy is riddled with  wasteful and purposeless offices that do nothing but fuel the flames of  divisiveness in our government.   Why is our Federal Government more concerned with advancing programs  that fuel racism over the needs of the American people? These offices  seek to treat people differently based on immutable characteristics  like the color of their skin or their gender. That should be offensive  to all of us in Congress.   Mr. Chair, my amendment would eliminate funding for the  Communications Equity and Diversity Commission within the FCC. The  mission of this woke DEI office is to advance ``equity in the provision  of and access to digital communication services.'' Further, it seeks to  advance progressive priorities by elevating certain small businesses  based merely on the race or gender of the businessowner.   Through the establishment of this council, it is clear that the FCC  is working for special, politically favored groups instead of the  American people as a whole.   We are already seeing the products of these DEI policies at the FCC  through draft rules implementing an obscure provision of the 2021  infrastructure bill that directed the FCC to prevent ``digital  discrimination.'' Your guess is as good as mine as to what that has to  do with infrastructure.   Democrats on the FCC seek to go beyond the plain letter of this law  to define ``digital discrimination'' to include disparate impact as  evidence of discrimination. This means that the FCC could find that  internet providers are guilty of discrimination simply because some  areas of the country have slightly better access to the internet than  others, regardless of whether there is any evidence of actual,  legitimate discrimination. Unfortunately, even our internet access is  not immune to the scourge of DEI ideology.   Mr. Chair, these divisive DEI policies deserve no place in our  Federal Government, and I encourage my colleagues to join me in rooting  out this radical, progressive, and woke ideology.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, section 60506 of the IIJA mandates that the  FCC develops a regulation to prevent digital discrimination of  broadband access based on income level, race, ethnicity, color,  religion, or national origin.   Progressive groups and FCC Democratic Commissioners want to use this  provision to promulgate a regulation that goes beyond intentional  discrimination. They want to include disparate impact as a form of  discrimination under the rule.   Under a disparate impact analysis, evidence of discrimination can be  found solely in the outcome of certain practices. Essentially, internet  service providers would have to provide the same exact product at the  same speed to every customer in order to avoid a potential government  investigation. If there is even a small difference in connectivity in  an area inhabited by low-income individuals in comparison with  wealthier areas, the FCC could claim the provider is guilty of  discrimination under the draft rules promoted by these progressive  groups and FCC Democrats.   Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this  very good amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   