 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to have a  conversation with my colleagues and with my constituents to talk about  an issue that is important to our Nation here in the Nation's Capital  for the well-being of our country but, certainly, an issue Kansans care  greatly about, and that is our crisis on our southern border, in  particular, but border security across and around the country.   The administration's continued failure to control the border has  created not just a humanitarian crisis but also a national security  crisis as well.   It is no secret that the lack of operational control of the border  has led to the apprehension of Chinese nationals, individuals with ties  to ISIS, and others who wish to do this country harm, serious harm.   Perhaps the biggest failure of the nonchalant approach of this  administration to the border is the rampant flow of harmful drugs into  the United States. Deadly drugs, such as methamphetamines, heroin,  cocaine, and most critically in today's world, fentanyl--fentanyl being  freely carried into this country and distributed to the cities, towns,  and neighborhoods. It is a real detriment to our children and the most  vulnerable. Those drugs are distributed to cities in Kansas and causing  the death and misery of many Kansans and Americans today.   A bright spot in this effort to combat fentanyl and other drugs is  the Drug Enforcement Agency. This morning, I was at their headquarters  to celebrate with them the DEA's 50th anniversary.   I am the ranking member of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and  Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee; therefore, Senator  Shaheen and I are responsible, generally, for the appropriations of the  Drug Enforcement Agency. I have seen firsthand the critical results  achieved by the DEA and their personnel in this fight.   DEA agents, investigators, analysts, chemists, attorneys, and support  staff have provided invaluable services to the public since the  creation of the DEA 50 years ago in 1973.   The DEA has faced increasingly well-equipped, well-financed, and  well-resourced international drug trafficking organizations pushing  more complex drugs: synthetic opioids which mimic controlled  substances, including fentanyl.   I would like to commend the DEA for their work. I would like to  recognize their 50th anniversary in that process by thanking those in  the DEA today. We need to be reminded of the number who have been  wounded and injured in the line of duty, including 79 individuals who  have received a DEA Purple Heart.   This administration, this Congress, this Senate--we owe it to the  dedicated individuals at DEA and to the lives and family members of  those who lost loved ones to put forth the effort required to create a  whole-of-government approach to securing the border to cut off the  pipeline of drugs into this country.   In 2022 alone, there were around 110,000--let me say that correctly-- there were around 110,000 overdose deaths. That is a little over 300  deaths  [[Page S4737]]  a day. Around 70,000 of these deaths were attributed to synthetic  opioids and fentanyl, including 1,200 individual Kansans.   Mr. President, I find this next fact staggering. So far this year,  the DEA has confiscated more than 62,400,000 pills, and it estimates  that 70 percent of those pills contain a lethal dose of fentanyl--70  percent of 62 million. This puts at risk the lives of 43 million  Americans.   We know that Mexican drug cartels control much of the fentanyl  market, and in the United States, the amount of fentanyl available has  allowed the market price to drop to as low as 50 cents a pill.   Further, we also know that many of the precursor chemicals for these  synthetic drugs originate in China. These chemicals are extremely  difficult to interdict. They are used in everyday items such as cheese  and soap. They can be easily hidden in shipping containers.   This is a full-blown national security crisis, and it is time the  administration reacts to treat it like what it is--a national security  crisis, a humanitarian crisis, and loss of lives of American citizens.   I was in Mexico with several of my colleagues earlier this year, and  I discussed this issue with President Lopez Obrador. I urged him to  take this issue up with Chinese officials, and I do believe that we  have a willing partner, in this instance, in Mexico to combat this  problem.   The fiscal year 2024 CJS bill that has just been passed from the  Senate Committee on Appropriations is our effort with Senator Shaheen,  and it recognizes the challenges the DEA faces, including $66 million  of additional funds over the fiscal year 2023 level.   I know we are talking about fiscal responsibility today. That comes  at a time in which our appropriation bill is reduced from last year by  $1.3 billion. So I would indicate to my Kansans that I share their  concern about the levels of spending and the balancing of our books.   In the bill that I am most responsible for in the appropriations  process, we have reduced spending this year from last year $1.3  billion. But within the amount of money that we can spend, we  prioritized the fight against drugs. The Fiscal Responsibility Act has  made our work more difficult but moves us more closely toward balancing  the budget, and it shows that we can work together in this case in  support of combating the fentanyl--and other drugs--crisis in our  country in a bipartisan manner.   While law enforcement efforts to combat fentanyl trafficking are  bipartisan, we have not yet had bipartisan support to seriously close  the border to drug traffickers. There are a lot of challenges we face.  It also is important to recognize that we need less demand in the  United States, and Americans are buying the drugs that come here. We  need to make certain that we do the things that are necessary to make  certain Americans certainly know the consequences of drug use and the  consequences to them, their families, their loved ones, and even to our  Nation.   While law enforcement efforts to combat fentanyl trafficking are  bipartisan, we have a lot more work to do when it comes to the U.S.  border with Mexico and our other borders. For all the work the DEA does  to disrupt drug trafficking and distribution networks, the border is by  far the single most important line of defense.   We are debating whether or not to proceed on a continuing resolution  to continue funding the Federal Government. I oppose a shutdown of  government, in part because a shutdown would make the crisis that we  face at our border even worse. Our DEA and Border Patrol agents are  already starved for resources, and many cannot afford to miss a  paycheck while continuing to put their lives on the line to secure the  border.   This body must take seriously the crisis we face, and while funding  the government is important in this battle, we also have a lot more  that we can do. We need to make certain that the appropriations bills  that I just talked about, the 12 appropriations bills that have been  reported by the Senate committee, work their way across this Senate  floor, recognizing that the continuing resolution is only a pause.  While government continues to function, we continue to work.   I look forward to every opportunity to see that we do more at the  border, that we put Americans on notice about the importance of  avoiding drug abuse and drug use in this country, and that our national  security is at risk. I look forward to that conversation, but more  importantly, I look forward to the results.   I yield the floor.   