 Mr. President, my timing couldn't have been better than  to  [[Page S4246]]  have arrived on the floor of the Senate after the Republican leader,  Senator McConnell, had given a speech on the cost of drugs in America.  I have the rest of the story, the other side of the story, that he has  just delivered. He spoke about prescription drug socialism. I want to  talk about the unfairness of pharmaceutical pricing to Americans, to  families, and across the board.   People have talked about the cost of prescription drugs being too  high for as long as I can remember; but last week, President Joe Biden  and the Democrats in Congress marked a milestone in fulfilling a  commitment to start bringing down the outrageous price of prescription  drugs. For years, Americans have paid the highest prices in the world-- in the world--for medications. We pay an average of nearly four times  more than other Western countries for exactly the same drugs made by  the same companies.   Last year, thanks to the Inflation Reduction Act, which Senator  McConnell calls prescription drug socialism, the Democrats finally  delivered for America's patients, granting Medicare the power to  negotiate fair prices for medications used by seniors. He made the  point; I want to make it again. Not a single Republican Senator voted  in favor of bringing down prescription drug prices in the Inflation  Reduction Act. Not one. Not one Republican Senator would join us. Thank  goodness, we had enough votes to pass it, and President Joe Biden  signed it into law.   Well, last week, the President announced the first 10 drugs that  would see the reductions from negotiations--the medications that cost  the Medicare program and American taxpayers more than $50 billion last  year. In 2022, seniors across America spent more than $3 billion on  copays at the drug stores for these 10 drugs.   For example, 132,000 seniors in Illinois each spent an average of  $500 out of pocket on Eliquis. Do you recognize the name? Eliquis is a  blood thinner. The Inflation Reduction Act capped the price of insulin  for seniors at $35 a month and went on to say that no senior will have  to pay more than $2,000 in a year out of pocket for the cost of  prescription drugs. The law established new penalties for drug  manufacturers that raise prices unreasonably. And many vaccines are now  free for seniors, like the shingles vaccine that had a list price of  nearly $400.   This is what Senator McConnell and the Republicans call socialism. To  me, it is simple fairness. Once again, not a single Republican voted to  support this measure. Not one. In fact, the Republicans have called  this socialist price controls--socialism. It is all socialism. Bringing  down the cost of prescription drugs, to the Republicans, has to be just  too much government--socialism.   How do they ignore the fact that, for years, the Veterans Health  Administration has already used negotiations to bring down prices for  veterans and the VA to provide for some of the best-serving Americans  in history? Bargaining for fair prices allows the VA to pay an average  of one half of what Medicare pays for exactly the same drug.   Let me make sure this is clear to you. The Veterans Health  Administration says to the pharmaceutical companies: Our veterans need  your drugs, but we are going to negotiate with you to get a fair price.    That fair price means that the veterans are paying one half of what  other families have to pay when they go to the drug store.   So now we are saying that Medicare for seniors and the disabled is  going to have the same negotiating power, too, so they can bring the  cost of drugs down for seniors and for our government.   I think if it is good enough for America's veterans, it is good  enough for seniors too.   Let's be crystal clear. Big Pharma has been untouchable in politics  for way too long.   First off, I imagine, when the President announced this list, America  said: Well, I know those names and those drugs.   Why are we so familiar with these odd names? It is because they are  among the most heavily advertised drugs on television in America today.   Do you know how many ads you see for drugs on television each day in  America? It is an average of nine per day--and for those shows that  look like they are geared toward senior audiences, even more.   How many countries in the world allow drug companies to advertise on  television? Two. One is, of course, the United States. The other one is  New Zealand. Only two countries do.   By filling the airwaves with these ads, Big Pharma is inflating  demand for the most expensive drugs on the market. Some manufacturers  spend over $100 million a year to make sure that you can spell  ``Xarelto'' and then go ask your doctor for it. They never tell you  what the price of the drug is, do they? Of all of the things they say  on TV in that garbled message that they have with rapid fire at the  end, they never mention the price. Don't you think it is worth knowing  that Xarelto costs $500 a month when a generic or lower priced  alternative may be just as effective?   Republican Senator Chuck Grassley and I have a commonsense,  bipartisan bill. Let me give you the idea behind the bill. Some may  call it radical, socialism.   We would require Big Pharma to end the secrecy about the price of the  drugs that they are running on the ads and disclose that price right up  front. Incidentally, in 2020, Xarelto's manufacturer, Johnson &  Johnson, spent $22 billion on marketing. How much did they spend on  research for drugs in the new year? $12 billion. This is $22 billion  versus $12 billion.   Similarly, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Pfizer spent more than $1 billion  on ads for Eliquis--$1 billion--and doubled the price from $250 a month  to $529 a month. The result? Medicare spent $16 billion last year on  this blood thinner and medication--$16 billion.   I have a chart here which I want to refer to. It has a lot of  information, but there are several things I will point out just to make  clear what we are up against.   For Xarelto, Medicare spent $6 billion. The average estimated  expenditure for ads was $107 million a year for 6 years. The overall  revenue for Xarelto was $7.4 billion. Medicare paid $6 billion of it.  We are the biggest consumers of these drugs that are being advertised  on television whose prices are going up and up and up. Bristol-Myers  Squibb and Pfizer earned more than $18 billion from Eliquis last year.   One drug that is not on the list of the 10 drugs that the President  noted is Ozempic. It could be subject to price negotiations next year.  Most Americans are now aware of this blockbuster diabetes medication  and can probably sing the jingle on command. Its manufacturer, Novo  Nordisk, has plastered the airwaves, spending three-quarters of a  billion dollars on ads since 2018. As a result, Ozempic charged  Medicare $3 billion in 2021.   People are going to argue--and you heard it from the Senator from  Kentucky--that, you know, who is going to pay for this? This is private  industry simply coming up with a good product that is needed and  charging for a profit. What they don't tell you is that virtually all  of the 356 drugs approved by the Food and Drug Administration between  2010 and 2019 were developed with research from the National Institutes  of Health. What is the National Institutes of Health? It is the  taxpayer-funded, basic research Agency that does the groundbreaking  research that leads to these drugs. So the taxpayers are in on the cost  of the drugs from the start.   The manufacturers have gamed the patent system to keep lower priced  competitors off the markets. The typical patent lasts for 20 years.  Now, here is what this basic bill boils down to in explanation: When  you discover a chemical formula that you think has the potential to  have some drug value, you file a patent, and you are protected for 20  years in developing that chemical compound and selling it to the  public. So it is virtual monopoly control of the pricing of the drug  during your patent period.   The idea is, at the end of the patent, the formula becomes available  to the public, and generic drug manufacturers can step in and make the  same thing that you originally made but at a fraction of the cost so  that the consumer finally, at the end of the patent, gets a break and  gets the cost reduced. However, some very well-paid lawyers for these  pharmaceutical companies find ways to stretch that patent on and on  [[Page S4247]]  for years. As I said, the typical patent lasts for 20 years from the  discovery of the chemical compound. It is usually filed at that time,  early in drug development. But these 10 drugs that the President noted  have been loaded up with secondary patents, extending that period of  monopoly sales for years and years. It is a scheme by Big Pharma to  block competition, which brings prices down for consumers and for  Medicare and Medicaid.    Take a look at--I am going to see if I can pronounce this drug's  name--Imbruvica, a cancer medication. It is right here, Imbruvica, a  cancer medication from AbbVie and Johnson & Johnson. It has received 37  patents since its original FDA approval, extending its protection to  2035--another 12 years from now.   Also on this list here is Farxiga. Medicare spent $3.3 billion a year  on this drug. It spent $77 million a year advertising it on television.  How much did they have as global revenue in 2022? They had $4.4  billion. So of the $4.4 billion, $3.3 billion came right out of the  taxpayer's Agency, Medicare.   It is a heart medication. This added 13 patents after its approval,  shielding the drug from competition for 16 years.   By retaining extensive monopoly periods, the manufacturers have been  able to charge Medicare and patients as much as they want. It doesn't  have to be this way. While Jardiance retails for more than $700 in the  United States, the exact same drug sells for $150 in Canada--$700 in  the United States, $150 in Canada. It costs $680 to $700 in the United  States. Farxiga costs $680 in the United States and $110 in the United  Kingdom. How can you explain that difference? Why are the American  consumers being taken to the cleaners?   Here is the bottom line: For too long, Big Pharma has abused the  drug-pricing system in America, driving up costs and profits off the  backs of patients who can no longer afford these medications.   Last week's announcement is a breakthrough, a political breakthrough,  thanks to the Inflation Reduction Act passed here in the Senate and the  House, signed by President Biden, without a single Republican Senator  voting in favor of it--not one. What a shame it is that Big Pharma has  filed lawsuit after lawsuit to block these savings for patients, and  what a shame that it has become so darn partisan.   I can't tell you how many families have brought this issue up to me.  Whether they have a sick child or an aging parent, they need help with  the cost of medications. This should be bipartisan, for goodness' sake.   We can have a healthy, productive pharmaceutical industry and have  pricing that is affordable. We can bring Canadian prices home to  America once we shame these pharmaceutical companies into admitting  that they are taking advantage of American consumers.   One of the arguments made by Senator McConnell was to reference a  study at the University of Chicago. He said that if we go ahead with  this so-called prescription drug socialism, we are going to deny the  discovery and marketing of 130 new drugs. Of course, that would be of  very grave concern.   The Congressional Budget Office looked at that study, which was done  long before this bill was passed, and said that, in fact, we stand to  lose 13 new drugs over the next 30 years if we bring down the profit- taking by these pharmaceutical companies--13 over 30 years.   If a drug is not affordable, it is not accessible. So a drug that you  can't afford, even if it is on the market, is of no help to you and  your family.   Is this important beyond the cost at the drugstore? Yes, it is. One  of the leading health insurers in this country, Blue Cross Blue Shield,  told me in Chicago that the No. 1 driver of health insurance premiums  people are paying at work is the cost of prescription drugs. This  advertising that creates this appetite for all these new drugs leads to  requests by patients of doctors to prescribe them. Some doctors,  instead of taking the time to question whether or not a patient needs  the drug or whether a generic could be satisfactory, just write out a  script, and the cost of healthcare goes up day in and day out.  Individuals, even with copays, are finding it difficult to have their  prescriptions filled.   It doesn't have to be this way. If the pharmaceutical companies of  the United States of America would just treat us like their Canadian  customers--that is all I might ask for--or European customers, we would  be in much better condition.   Finally, we have a President and an administration that stopped  talking about it and is doing something. What the President has said is  that we are going to negotiate for American consumers and for Medicare  the prices of these top-10 drugs: Eliquis, Jardiance, Xarelto, Januvia,  Farxiga, Entresto, Enbrel, Imbruvica, Stelara, and NovoLog/Fiasp. All  of these are going to be negotiated by the President to bring down the  prices by authority created with Congress and a bill that passed with  no Republican support.   If the price of prescription drugs is important to you, understand  that the battle is now joined. The President has announced we are going  after these overcharging pharmaceutical companies. Finally, the  American consumer is going to have a champion and have a break in the  cost of prescription drugs. It is long overdue.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker)  is necessarily absent.   