 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  the work he is doing.   Mr. Speaker, a healthy Republic has two basic duties: Guarantee free  and fair elections, and protect life, liberty, and property from  violence.   Yet, two new acts from the Washington, D.C. Council will dilute the  vote of American citizens and endanger city residents and visitors.  Today, the House of Representatives will vote to stop these acts from  taking effect. I urge all my colleagues to support these resolutions.   Let me start with the voting resolution. Last year, Washington, D.C.,  passed a law that would give the vote to illegal immigrants. The law  makes no exceptions for foreign diplomats or agents who have interests  that are the opposite of ours. Under this bill, Russian diplomats would  get a vote and Chinese diplomats could get a vote.   The CCP is already infiltrating our culture, our farmland, and our  skies, but the D.C. Council will let them infiltrate our ballot boxes.  Just today, we had a classified briefing for all the Members of  Congress talking about what the CCP just did last week over the skies  of America, and now the D.C. Council wants to open up the ballot boxes  for the CCP.    Even The Washington Post opposes this idea because, as they wrote, it  would allow an ``estimated 50,000 noncitizen residents'' who live in  Washington, D.C. to cast ballots in local elections. These elections,  of course, can set the laws that cover the White House, Congress, and  even government agencies. If we set this precedent, other cities will  follow, and faith in our elections will plummet.   Now, let me address the crime resolution. To date, early in this  year, early in February, there now have been 65 carjackings in  Washington, D.C., just this year alone. That is more than one every  single day.   Two weeks ago, two 18-year-old carjackers crashed into two Capitol  Police vehicles just yards from this floor. The suspects were quickly  arrested by the Capitol Police. Tragically, carjackings, shootings, and  other crimes have become a reality of everyday life in our Nation's  Capital.   In 2020, Washington, D.C., defunded the police. From that point on,  the city government has done nothing but pass laws that have clearly  made the city less safe. Today, many residents are worried about taking  their kids to school or going to the grocery store.   Rather than attempt to fix the problem, the D.C. Council wants to go  even easier on criminals. Their dangerous new criminal code softens  penalties for violent crimes like assault, carjacking, rape, and even  most types of murder.   If enacted into law, criminals would be treated like they are  victims, and victims would be treated like they don't matter. Even  liberals like The Washington Post Editorial Board and Mayor Bowser are  against it. In fact, Mayor Bowser vetoed the new law last month.  According to the Mayor, the law sends the wrong message to criminals  and does not make us safer.   By overriding the Mayor's veto, the D.C. Council advanced the  interests of radical activists at the expense of those who are forced  to suffer the consequences. This is not fair. It is not right, and it  must stop.   Under the Constitution, Congress, not the D.C. Council, has the final  say over the laws governing the Nation's Capital. We have a  responsibility to hold Washington, D.C., accountable and stop the new  criminal code from taking effect.   This is exactly what this resolution does, Mr. Speaker. It is about  more than just numbers. This is about our neighbors who are  traumatized, injured, and have to live in fear. It is about parents who  worry about whether it is safe to let their children play outside. It  is about our constituents and students on school trips who might choose  to stay home rather than visit their government in person.   That is why the men and women in blue support this resolution. The  Fraternal Order of Police supports it; the D.C. Police Union supports  it; the National Association of Police Organizations supports it; and  the Federal Law Enforcement Officers' Association supports it.   You would think the D.C. Council would listen to the concerns of cops  on the beat. They didn't, but Congress will. We will always back the  blue, and we will always work to make our communities safer.   