 Mr. Speaker I thank the chairman for hosting this  discussion on the ESA tonight, it could not be more timely to deal with  this issue.   Mr. Speaker, 50 years ago the Endangered Species Act was created to  protect endangered species by taking actions to put them on the road to  recovery. Unfortunately, the Endangered Species Act has become a  statutory ``Hotel California'' where radical environmental groups and  judges check animals into the endangered species list, but they may  never leave.   In fact, over the last 50 years, out of the 1,389 listed species,  only 72 have been recovered and removed from the list, as the chairman  so eloquently stated in his opening remarks--a 5 percent recovery rate.   Let me be clear, you endanger the Endangered Species Act when you do  not remove species that have recovered. As everyone in Wisconsin knows,  this is something we have seen far too often as it relates to the gray  wolf.   When Federal protections were established for wolves in the Great  Lakes region, population levels were in the hundreds. Now there are  well over 4,000 in Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin.   Most recently, a California activist judge unilaterally put the gray  wolf back on the Endangered Species Act list despite its recovery. The  judge's decision went against the 26 scientists--beside me here--that  have urged for the gray wolf to be removed from the ESA since 2015.   Here they are. There are 26 eminent wildlife biologists that nearly a  decade ago said to a judge here in Washington D.C., you are making a  mistake re-listing the wolf. Let's allow management by the States where  they can be most effectively managed.   The data is clear, we have waited long enough. Congress must pass my  bill that I introduced alongside Congresswoman Lauren Boebert. The  Trust the Science Act would delist gray wolves in the lower 48 United  States and would preclude any future re-listing mischief by activist  judges.   When a species is removed from the ESA list, it is something we  should celebrate. It is a success story. When a  [[Page H2493]]  species has recovered, it enables us to use our limited time and  resources to concentrate our efforts to protect and recover other  species that truly are under threat or at risk of extinction.   Over the last 50 years, the Endangered Species Act has failed to be a  celebration of recovery, and instead, a political weapon. It is past  time we change that and turned the Endangered Species Act into  something all Americans can celebrate--endangered species success  stories.   