 Mr. Chairman, let me highlight three amendments within  the en bloc that are particular to communities in districts like mine.   First, financial literacy is critically important, particularly in  rural communities like the ones I represent in upstate New York. The  best path forward for someone to achieve independence is obviously hard  work and good financial decisionmaking.   Amendment No. 1 encourages the Department of the Treasury to continue  to invest in financial literacy initiatives for students and, in  particular, reach young people in rural communities like those in  upstate New York.   I was shocked, Mr. Chairman, upon becoming a Member of Congress, that  there are constituents within many districts across the country, in  particular in upstate New York, who were not receiving actual mail  delivery. I know this is perhaps not unique to my district. However,  with thousands of individuals who have moved into upstate New York, the  Catskill region communities, the post office has yet to acknowledge  their very existence, whether it is simply offering them a physical  mailing address or delivering their mail.   Amendment No. 71 that I have submitted would address this glaring  oversight and, quite frankly, incompetence within Sullivan County in  upstate New York in my district, where the United States Postal Service  has completely ignored these constituents and where thousands of them  are not yet able to receive mail.   Therefore, this amendment highlights the need that the American  taxpayer should be entitled to the constitutionally recognized delivery  of mail service.   Lastly, amendment No. 23 addresses for senior citizens spam calls and  targeted fraud cases. The FTC data shows that consumers lost an  estimated $8.8 billion to scams in 2022. My amendment encourages the  FTC to coordinate with other agencies like the DOJ and the FCC to  ensure our data is protected and seniors are not victims.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the Committee on Foreign Investments in the  United States, CFIUS, is the chief body responsible for monitoring  foreign financial influence in our Nation and the national security  risk it poses.   My amendment would direct CFIUS to evaluate the rising threat of U.S.  agricultural operations owned by adversarial nations.   Food security is national security, and recent reports have indicated  a disturbing trend of increased ownership of farm operations by  entities with ties to the Chinese and Russian Governments, which is  alarming and dangerous.   Whether it is actual farmland or advanced agribusinesses, adversarial  control over these entities provides adversaries the opportunity to spy  on our military assets, steal revolutionary ag technology and research,  and undermine the United States food system.   This issue has garnered bipartisan support on the Agriculture  Committee because it is essential for the protection of American  agriculture and for the protection of our family farms.   CFIUS could be a critical tool in better evaluating this risk and  improving our response to this threat.  [[Page H5584]]    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, sending a powerful message to our  adversaries that America's food security is our national security is  important and critical.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   