 Mr. Speaker, this is not a speech I ever wanted to give.  I have had the honor of serving in office now for a number of years,  and even during my time in the State legislature my district has always  bordered Kevin McCarthy's. He was in Congress, and I was in State. When  I had the honor of being elected to this body, I served alongside him  for a number of years now.   To say that he hasn't played a role in my ability to be here or my  success here, yes, I wouldn't be here without  [[Page H6970]]  him. The policies we have been championing for a number of years would  never have existed and would have never come to fruition if it wasn't  for Kevin McCarthy. We wouldn't have been able to change some of the  things in the Valley that have been so positive for us if it wasn't for  Kevin McCarthy.   It is a sad day for us as an institution and a sad day for us in the  Valley when we have all these different issues we are dealing with  across the country, across this body, and across even the Central  Valley in my home, we have got so much we need to still do, and the  reality that he is not going to be there is a huge hole for us in the  Valley.   Mr. Speaker, if you look at his time in service, understanding the  policies that affect us, if it was something like water, we wouldn't  have the WIIN Act if it wasn't for Kevin McCarthy. We are seeing some  of the results of that as we speak today.   The expansion or the repairs in the Friant-Kern Canal, being able to  move water south through the delta so that our farmers and our  communities can survive, projects that are being funded as we speak to  expand and add water infrastructure for the Valley would not be in  existence if it wasn't for Kevin McCarthy.   Mr. Speaker, when you look at valley fever, a thing that we are  dealing with that we are fighting, we still don't have enough research  at the Valley Fever Institute, or the ability to have those policies in  place or at least the research started so we can create some real  solutions for a thing that we are dealing with across the country now.   Energy, as we all know, Kern County is a huge hub for energy  production and to have a champion like we did--or we do today not much  longer--in Congress like Kevin McCarthy for energy production to make  sure we continue to provide energy for our country to succeed, we are  losing that voice.   As far as fire and forestry, I served in Congress under different  Speakers. There are not a lot of times I have been in a situation where  I am on a codel serving with my colleagues with a bipartisan group or  at a press conference here on the Hill with a bipartisan group of  Members talking about the same issues with a Speaker of the House. I  honestly can't think of one situation where I have seen that happen,  other than when it was Kevin McCarthy and our Save Our Sequoias Act. I  remember standing there looking around thinking: I don't think I have  ever seen any other person and I still can't remember--but that is  something that affects votes.   Mr. Speaker, when you think about the air quality and the impact it  has on the Central Valley and the burning that has destroyed our  mountain ranges, to have a piece of legislation championed by a Speaker  and being able to get bipartisan support, that was something that I was  very proud to be a part of.   The fun part was talking trash while playing basketball when I  outscored him on the basketball court in the charity game. I think I  made one basket, and he might have made zero. I am not sure. As far as  shooting, I know I kicked his butt. I saw the picture of the scorecard  at some of our charity events that we do in the Valley.   There are a lot of opportunities for us to do good things and have  some fun together. Some of the most memorable moments are going to be  this past year sitting in ELC and watching him across the table, his  understanding of the policy itself, the dynamics of the votes, what is  going to be able to pass the Senate, how to get the President engaged,  and all those different things, we were able to have some real  successes this year, to actually have a plan in place to solve real  problems that now people who voted to take him out seem to acknowledge  that that plan was probably our best option.   We are on the verge of losing that. It is something we are going to  miss out on. To fill those shoes, to have that person who understands  enough of this place and who understands how to make a change, how to  implement those changes, and how to execute a plan is something that we  are going to struggle with to fill.   I wish this day wasn't here. I wish he would stick around.  Nevertheless, obviously, I know he is off to bigger and better things.  I know we will still have plenty of opportunities for me to talk trash  and make fun of him and maybe outscore him on the basketball court  again if he is not too out of shape, but he is getting close to that  point.   I just want to say thank you to Kevin and to his family. Judy has  been a huge asset to my family. His children have been a huge  inspiration for my kids as they go through some of the same headaches  that all of our children of people in this position have to deal with.   I thank Kevin for everything he has done and will continue to do.  Hopefully, we will have opportunities to work together soon in some  situations.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for  yielding.   What we are seeing at our southern border is a humanitarian and  national security crisis. Earlier this year, I was at the border with  my colleague from Arizona to see the situation on the ground firsthand.   Our Border Patrol agents are overwhelmed by the surge of migrants  from around the world, and we need to give them more support.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration has sent a clear message that  our southern border is open for business for drug smuggling and human  trafficking. The flow of illegal drugs, guns, and human traffickers has  a direct impact on the people from the Central Valley.   I just held a teletownhall this week, and one of the issues that came  up the most was the situation at our border and concerns with fentanyl.   We must take action to combat the loss of life from illegal drugs,  like fentanyl, which are flowing across our open border at an alarming  rate. The House has passed legislation this year to increase the number  of Border Patrol agents, deploy new drone and surveillance  technologies, and restore construction of the border wall. These are  commonsense measures that would go a long way to ensure our Border  Patrol agents have the tools they need to deal with the crisis.   For too long, extremes on both sides of the aisle have discouraged  real and meaningful discussion regarding border security and  immigration reform. We need to secure the border and make reforms to  our broken immigration system. We won't be able to make these reforms  or find compromise with the current humanitarian and national security  crisis we have at the border today.   I will continue working with my colleagues to find common ground for  reforming our broken immigration system and to secure our border.   