 Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, my friend from Kentucky is attacking a  bipartisan bill with overwhelming support on both sides of the aisle.  When I started in the U.S. Congress, one of the main operating  principles under which we were able to make progress upon big issues-- and it went back to President Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson and Sam  Rayburn--was the Austin-Boston connection working together, Texas and  Massachusetts, to make progress where we could. That is what this  legislation is today. Senator Cruz and I agree that we have to ensure  that, for public safety reasons, AM radio stays in the vehicles that  Americans drive. And, as Senator Cruz said, 80 million Americans a  month use AM radio.    And not only is the Senator from Kentucky proposing to strike our  bill but also to actively harm American drivers and American workers.  We are going from win-win to lose-lose for American drivers.   The electric vehicle tax credit helps Americans drive cheaper cars  while driving manufacturing. Electric vehicle sales are soaring.  Investments in new manufacturing capacity related to the electric  vehicle supply chain also increased by more than 100 percent. It  reached $35 billion in a single year since the passage of the tax  credit. In total, since the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act,  more than 84,000 new jobs have been announced in the EV sector.   In fact, most of the largest single Federal investment in the auto  industry is going to Senator Paul's State of Kentucky. New Federal  loans for three battery manufacturing plants are expected to create  5,000 construction jobs and 7,500 operations jobs--all to build  batteries for Ford and Lincoln electric vehicles. My friend, I would  hope, would want Kentucky to be the home of those new jobs, new  opportunities, and new economic energy driven by the electric vehicle  tax credit, and I am sure other States would be interested in stepping  in.   We have union workers who have secured a historic victory over the  Big Three with their recent strike. They have been clear that the  electric vehicle revolution, which is kick-started by the tax credit,  can be an engine for good-paying union jobs. So let's not pump the  brakes on giving drivers the freedom to buy cheaper, cleaner vehicles.  Let's not pump the brakes on new jobs in States across the country,  including Kentucky. And let's not pump the brakes on ensuring that  drivers and passengers can receive alerts during emergencies.   AM radio is the backbone of FEMA's emergency response system. It  allows emergency responders and, if necessary, the President of the  United States to communicate with the public during the most dire of  circumstances.   In just the past 5 years, FEMA has invested more than $150 million to  harden 77 radio stations across the country to withstand natural  disasters, emergencies, and even a nuclear electromagnetic pulse. These  stations are equipped with backup generators and other tools to stay  online in the worst conditions, and FEMA has specifically chosen  stations that would allow the President to communicate with more than  90 percent of the public. Those stations include WBZ-AM in Boston, MA,  which beams all across New England. From Superstorm Sandy to the recent  wildfires in Maui, when self-service and other communications channels  went down, broadcast AM radio stations, especially those 77 hardened  stations, remained on the air.   Despite its immense importance to our emergency response system,  broadcast AM radio is under attack from automakers. Over the past few  years, car manufacturers have increasingly removed broadcast AM radio  from their vehicles, arguing that AM radio is outdated and unnecessary  during emergencies.   Well, Senator Cruz and I know that is not accurate. That is why, a  year ago, I sent letters to 20 automakers requesting additional  information about their plans for broadcast AM radio. When I learned  that eight companies had removed broadcast AM radio from their  vehicles, Senator Cruz and I teamed up to introduce the AM Radio for  Every Vehicle Act, which would direct the National Highway Traffic  Safety Administration to require automakers to maintain broadcast AM  radio in their vehicles. We now have 44 cosponsors from across the  political spectrum, split evenly between Democrats and Republicans. We  have built this broad coalition because this issue of access to AM  radio is about public safety.   And don't take our word for it. All year the emergency response  community has been sounding the alarm about the removal of broadcast AM  radio from vehicles and urging lawmakers to pass our bill. In fact,  every former FEMA Administrator since the Clinton administration has  endorsed the AM Radio for Every Vehicle Act and so have groups  representing the local emergency response communities, including the  National Emergency Management Association, the International  Association of Emergency Managers, the International Association of  Fire Chiefs, and Big City Emergency Managers.   Earlier this year, FEMA warned that ``millions of people could be  prevented from receiving critical, lifesaving information if AM radios  are not included in automobiles'' and called the removal of AM radio  stations a ``public safety crisis'' for the United States. The current  FEMA Administrator has warned that the removal of AM radio would have a  significant impact on the emergency alert system.   So while automakers may argue that cell phones or streaming services  can replace broadcast AM radio during emergencies, the emergency  response community--the experts actually responsible for responding to  emergencies--are universally saying just the opposite. They are saying  that AM radio is important; that cell service often goes down, as we  saw in Hawaii; that the key to an effective emergency alert system is  redundancy.   Whom do you want to listen to--the automakers with a financial  interest in removing AM from their vehicles or the experts warning that  this is a crisis?   Every single day that passes is another day in which automakers put  cars on the road without broadcast AM capabilities, putting their  drivers and their passengers and their families in jeopardy. In matters  of safety, we can't compromise. We have to listen to the experts when  it comes to our national security. I urge my colleagues to stand with  the tens of millions of AM radio listeners and the emergency response  experts and support the AM Radio for Every Vehicle Act, which Senator  Cruz and I have introduced.    With that, Mr. President, I object.   