 Mr. Speaker, I will be voting to support H. Res. 311  today. We all support our ally Israel and recognize our long-standing  alliance on Israel's 75th Anniversary. I cast my vote, however, with  some misgivings.   There is nothing particularly problematic about this resolution, but  there is a problem with what it does not say. I spent a week in Israel  in February, and I saw first-hand the momentous crisis facing Israel--a  crisis of democracy, a human rights crisis, and an international  crisis.   Israel's democratic crisis, including deliberate attempts to  undermine the Supreme Court and an independent judiciary, has brought  hundreds of thousands of ordinary Israeli citizens to take to the  streets in protest.   The human rights crisis includes the steady deterioration of the  basic human rights of Arab Israelis and of the Palestinian people in  the West Bank and Gaza brought about by deliberate decisions, policies,  and actions by Israeli authorities.   As a result, there is mounting alarm, criticism, and condemnation of  Israel in the international community by governments, NGOs, and civil  society.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution ignores the reality on the ground.   This resolution ignores the damage that the current extremist  government is accelerating inside Israel and in the West Bank and Gaza.   For the first time that I can remember, a resolution celebrating  Israel's anniversary is being brought before the House without mention  of congressional support for a two-state solution.   I honor Israel's remarkable history on its 75th Anniversary, but  unlike this resolution, I cannot be deaf, blind, and mute to the  current challenge to Israel's democracy, the suffering of Palestinians  in the West Bank and Gaza, the terrorism that continues to fester in  the region, and the fragility of any remaining possibility for a  negotiated two-state solution.   I urge my colleagues, regardless of how they might vote on this  resolution, not to abandon a two-state solution and to work together in  support of peace, human dignity, and democracy for Israel and the  Palestinian people.   