 Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise.   The motion was agreed to.   Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr.  Yakym) having assumed the chair, Mr. Weber of Texas, Acting Chair of  the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported  that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R.  4665) making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign  operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September  30, 2024, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon.  [[Page H4821]]      Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 730, I call up  the bill (H.R. 5692) making supplemental appropriations for the fiscal  year ending September 30, 2024, and for other purposes, and ask for its  immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous materials on the measure under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5692, which provides security  assistance to Ukraine and funds a special inspector general to oversee  these and other funds provided by the American taxpayers.   In 2016, the Ukraine Security Initiative, referred to as USAI, was  created in response to increased Russian aggression. These funds, along  with the National Guard State Partnership Program with California and  other efforts, have transformed the Ukrainian military from a remnant  of the Soviet empire to a capable and increasingly Western fighting  force.   This funding is not sent directly to Ukraine. Since 2016, these funds  have been used to pay for the training U.S. troops provide Ukrainian  troops and for U.S.-manufactured weapons we provide to Ukraine.   Yesterday, I supported an amendment preventing the deployment of U.S.  troops to Ukraine. This program allows us to train Ukrainian troops so  they can defend their own country.   Because of this initiative, the Ukrainian people have degraded the  world's third-largest standing army and mobilized a continent against  an evil actor.   I was recently in Germany meeting with Ukrainian forces who were  headed to the front lines. I met grandfathers who had left their  families in order to learn to operate tanks, young adults who had  signed up as interpreters, and American troops who are eagerly training  the Ukrainian forces.   They were all clear-eyed about their commitment to this fight.  General Williams, the commander of the U.S. Army forces in Europe and  Africa, said something that stuck with me: While America is giving its  precious equipment and support, Ukrainians are giving their blood.   This whole-of-nation effort to repel our common adversary deserves  our support.   I agree with my colleagues that the Biden administration needs to  define our military objectives in Ukraine. We are and will continue to  ask those difficult questions. I believe it is our duty to our  constituents.   I also agree that we need enhanced oversight. The funding in this  bill will be subject to all the new oversight provisions that are in  the fiscal year 2024 Defense appropriations bill. The bill also  includes $20 million to fund a new special inspector general to improve  end-use monitoring and oversight of taxpayer funds provided to assist  Ukraine.   Mr. Speaker, voting for this bill sends a strong message to Putin,  Xi, and our partners in Ukraine. I strongly urge support of this bill,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Kean).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from South Carolina (Mr. Wilson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Hill), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5692,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   