 Madam Speaker, 75 percent of Americans believe we are  headed in the wrong direction, according to nearly every single  national poll.   NBC News recently had a poll that showed Republicans outperform  Democrats by 21 points on the question of who is better equipped to  handle the economy. Why? Because Bidenomics has been an absolute  disaster.   There is record inflation, skyrocketing energy prices, higher grocery  bills. People are struggling. This administration has increased  spending by over $5 trillion in new spending in just 2 years.   The American people elected a House Republican majority to serve as a  check and balance on this administration and on the Senate, but also to  govern.   There are real challenges in this country, starting with our economy:  our reckless out-of-control spending; the cost of living; our long-term  debt crossing $33 trillion; the fact that if we do nothing, Social  Security and Medicare will both go broke within the next decade; and  then, of course, immigration and the crisis at our southern border.   Since Joe Biden took office, 6 million migrants have crossed our  southern border, many of them illegally. Asylum cases are taking 2 to 3  years at a minimum to be heard. This administration has failed to  combat the malign influence of the cartels trafficking women and  children, trafficking drugs, and fentanyl pouring into our communities,  killing 70,000 Americans just last year.   It is shameful, yet what do the American people see? They see a  government on the precipice of a shutdown.   My colleagues across the aisle will pin it squarely on the  Republicans, but let's be clear: Through this appropriations process,  we have now passed four appropriations bills through the House. Senator  Schumer and Senate Democrats have passed exactly zero appropriations  bills through the Senate.   Our fiscal year ends tomorrow, so Congress has not done its work to  pass these appropriations bills, either through the House or the  Senate, by the September 30 deadline.   I agree with my colleagues in the House Republican majority that we  need to pass single-subject appropriations bills. The committee has  been doing that work. It is important work, but it takes time. It takes  time to go line by line and break the way this place has operated for  three decades, and we need time to complete that work.   Shutting down the government will serve no purpose whatsoever, and in  fact, it will tank an already fragile economy because of the Biden  administration's policies.   Our veterans, our seniors, our Active-Duty military, all the  employees within the Federal Government will be hurt by a shutdown. Our  stock market and our 401(k)'s will be impacted.   There is absolutely no reason for a shutdown, and it is imperative  that we, in the House, lead, govern, and pass a continuing resolution  to keep the government funded short-term while we finish our work.   People can blame leadership. People can say that we should have done  this back in July. I would remind some of those very people that they  refused to move rules. They refused to move some of these bills because  they wanted more cuts, and that is fine. That is democracy.    Madam Speaker, unlike the previous Speaker, this Speaker  has allowed this place to actually function as a democracy. He is not  ruling it with an iron fist. So many people complained about the way  that it was previously run, and now they kind of want it run like that  again. It is not the way we should operate.   We need to pass a CR. Any CR in a divided government ultimately will  be bipartisan. We all know that. There is no partisan CR that is going  to become law in a divided government, but we have to negotiate and  have to get to that point.    Madam Speaker, it is always great to listen to DCCC  talking points. At a very time when Leader Jeffries said that he would  not politicize this potential shutdown in a meeting of the Problem  Solvers Caucus, that very day the DCCC and House Majority Forward  announced million-dollar ad campaigns--mail, TV--attacking individuals  like me on the issue of a shutdown, despite me saying very clearly that  I oppose a shutdown.   So we know that on the other side they actually want a shutdown. They  relish it because they think it will benefit them politically.   Here is what you never hear from them: They don't want to deal with  the border, they don't want to shut down the border. They don't want to  deal with spending cuts. They want to increase spending. They don't  want to deal with our long-term debt. They want to blow it through the  roof.   We have real challenges in this country, and, yes, we need to work in  a bipartisan manner.   When Eric Adams, the mayor of New York City, is saying the migrant  crisis is destroying New York City, that it is going to cost them more  than $12 billion; when Kathy Hochul, the Governor of New York says  there is no more room at the inn, despite sanctuary city policies,  right to shelter, the use of taxpayer money to give free housing,  healthcare, education, clothing, and food to illegal immigrants, and a  refusal to cooperate with ICE and law enforcement, spare me your  righteous indignation.   None of you are willing to actually tackle the challenges. You are  looking to use this as a vehicle to win back the majority. That is it.   I am actually willing to work across the aisle. I signed on to the  Problem Solvers CR. Join us in that. Not a single one of you have.   