 Madam President, I thought one of the few things that we  agreed on with firearms was that people with serious mental illness-- people who are judged to be mentally incompetent--shouldn't be able to  buy guns. That is what we are talking about here today.   We are not talking about people who just can't balance their  checkbooks. We are not talking about people who just need some  assistance with their financial affairs. The standard that the VA uses  is the standard of mental incompetence. These are veterans who have  been judged to be mentally incapacitated. And let me put a finer point  on it. One-third of the veterans we are talking about in this category  are diagnosed schizophrenics, and this amendment allows for every  single one of them to have their gun rights restored.   Some of the most mentally ill people in this Nation--people to whom  we owe a duty of care; people who are, frankly, more prone to suicide  than the general population--are now going to be able to get their  hands on a weapon to kill themselves or others if we pass this. This is  a death sentence for scores of deeply mentally ill veterans.   What it does not do is set up some process by which to have a court  judge whether or not they should own a gun. In fact, there is no  current cause of action for that to occur. We didn't have to be at this  point where our only choice is to restore gun rights even to actively  suicidal veterans. We made an offer to sit down and try to work out a  compromise--a better appeals process, a mechanism for these veterans to  go to court--but that did not happen. That offer was not accepted.   So, instead, we are voting on an amendment that gives gun rights back  to every single seriously mentally ill veteran who has been judged to  be mentally incompetent, even those who are actively suicidal. That is  a death sentence--a death sentence--for thousands of seniors, for  thousands of veterans all across this country if this becomes law. This  is a terrible idea, and we should defeat it.   