 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to offer what I hope will be an  amendment that every Member of this body can support.   This amendment would simply prevent new planned oil and gas drilling  in our national parks or on protected public lands, including national  monuments, national recreation areas, or areas of critical  environmental concern.   The debate yesterday and today has shown the American people that  there are deep divisions between our two parties when it comes to  America's energy future. We have starkly different priorities for  protecting communities and the climate, securing environmental justice,  and safeguarding public health.   I hope the concerns that we have raised might change some minds  across the aisle, though I worry it will not. However, one area in  which I believe we can all agree is that we should not allow oil and  gas extraction in our national parks, our national wildlife refuges,  our national recreation areas, or our conservation lands.   Mr. Chair, for those of us who have had the privilege to serve on the  House Natural Resources Committee, we hear nearly every day about what  parks and public lands mean to the communities in every congressional  district across the country. Put simply, Americans love their parks.  From the Everglades to the Grand Canyon, Shenandoah to Mesa Verde,  these iconic landscapes are some of the most visited and the most loved  in the United States.   It is our responsibility as elected officials to ensure future  generations, our children and our grandchildren, will have the same  opportunities we have enjoyed and experienced in these incredible  places.   My amendment would protect these opportunities, ensuring that any new  planned oil and gas extraction would not occur in our parks or our  protected public lands.   Despite what some may suggest, this amendment is essential, given the  repeated extremist efforts we saw under the previous administration to  open protected public lands to extraction.   This amendment is necessary. I hope that all of my colleagues can  join me in protecting our parks and protected public lands from  unnecessary oil and gas extraction.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   