 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I want to  note, at the outset, that we are not asked to vote in this Chamber on  polling questions. We vote on legislation. While people, when  responding to a poll, may respond overwhelmingly in response to certain  questions, it doesn't mean that, when they come to understand fully  what the law at issue would actually do, they wouldn't feel  differently.   The truth is that the legislation that we are being asked to pass by  unanimous consent today, without additional debate, discussion,  opportunity for amendment, opportunity for input by the public--that is  the bill S. 494, the Background Check Expansion Act--has some real  problems with it, problems that I think make it a bill that stands to  transform, in some circumstances, ordinary law-abiding citizens into  criminals.   We always have to consider this when evaluating any law, particularly  any law with criminal implications, particularly any law with criminal  implications that touches on a constitutionally protected right  enumerated in a constitutional amendment.   This is not solely about transactions involving guns at gun stores.  This is about the father who wishes to pass down a hunting rifle to his  son or the friend who wants to lend a shotgun to his neighbor who is in  need of protection at the time.   Universal background checks, as this bill conceives them, don't just  regulate; they criminalize these quintessential moments of American  life and, under this legislation, would render unlawful what in  countless circumstances would be lawful and even constitutionally  protected behavior.   Now, most would not think twice about lending a firearm to a family  member for sporting or personal protection purposes, and yet this bill  threatens to do that by narrowing the definition of family to such an  extent that passing a gun to a daughter-in-law or to a great-grandson  could lead to criminal charges. This bill fails to distinguish between  a criminal act and a gesture of trust and safety.   Participating in a hunting trip often involves using firearms. Of  course, it is  [[Page S5778]]  important to be aware that under this proposal, under this bill, if you  hand over your firearm to a partner during such a trip, even for a  short period of time, you could potentially be held criminally liable  if that individual doesn't hold the proper hunting license. It is an  absurd overreach that would penalize the innocent traditions that bind  our communities together.   The only conceivable way to enforce such a law is through the  creation of an expansive, Orwellian national gun registry--yes, a  national gun registry. Now, it is here that we arrive at the true  purpose or, at least, the true inevitable outcome of this legislation  were it to become law.   Universal background checks only work when you have a national gun  registry. This bill would require a registry, even though and  notwithstanding the legitimate policy concerns embraced by Congress  when Congress prohibited the creation of such a registry in the Firearm  Owners' Protection Act.    However, the ATF has already compiled a database with over 920  million records, a direct challenge to both the letter and the spirit  of the Firearm Owners' Protection Act and Public Law 112-55. Let's not  compound the problem created by the ATF's illegal and constitutionally  problematic registry by enacting a law that cannot be enforced without  the creation of a national gun registry.   Registries lead, inevitably, to gun confiscation. If you don't  believe me, if you don't want to take my word for it on that, just look  to the public statements made by some of my colleagues in the Senate  and our counterparts in the House. They told us confiscation is the  goal.   As our friends at Gun Owners of America have reminded us, without  this invasive registry, enforcement of S. 494 is unfeasible. We are  staring down the barrel of a system that would monitor the most  personal and responsible uses of firearms among citizens.   Now, the Senator asked us to pass this major legislation without any  debate, without any meaningful opportunity for amendment or further  discussion. This isn't how Congress works. This certainly isn't how the  U.S. Senate should work, certainly not on a matter so significant and  so directly tied to an enumerated constitutional right as this one.   This bill should, of course, go through the Senate Judiciary  Committee, a body on which I serve and a body where Members routinely  can and do debate, offer amendments, and raise these and other policy  and constitutional concerns.   I also want to speak for a moment to what was referenced as the gun  show loophole. It is not, in fact, a loophole. There is no such  loophole. The effect of the law is that, if you are a federally  licensed firearms dealer, you have to perform these functions before  you sell it, with or without you being in the presence of a gun show.  If an FFL shows up at a gun show and sells guns, the FFL has to conduct  the background check. It isn't a loophole.   Moreover, we are talking about a tiny, minuscule percentage of people  who even do these things. We are looking at the overwhelming  percentage. According to the Department of Justice bureau that collects  crime statistics, a tiny percentage of people who even buy them at gun  shows go on to commit crimes with them--like less than 1 percent. Very  few of them even buy them in any retail establishment, opting instead  to buy them on a clandestine market in an illegal way.   So, at the end of the day, we have to evaluate this law just like we  would any law--but this law in particular, given that it touches on a  constitutionally protected, enumerated right. We have to look at both  the law's impact on criminal behavior, which is negligible, and on the  law's tendency to punish the law-abiding.   It is not the law-abiding who typically will go to illegal sources to  buy a gun. It is not the law-abiding who refuse to dot the i's and  cross the t's. It is typically the law-abiding who are willing to go  through that process. We shouldn't be adding more redtape that is going  to affect mostly the law-abiding, touching on very few of those  actually bent on violent criminal activity.   This bill would do precisely that. It would punish the law-abiding  citizens for the actions of criminals. It is time to accept this fact,  and it is time for us, really, to choose between the various tensions  that we feel pulling on us. I am confident that, at the end of the day,  we should choose common sense over fear. We should choose liberty over  control. We should choose the rights of the law-abiding many over the  criminally minded few.   On this basis, Mr. President, and for these reasons, I object.   