 Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Utah and  the Senator from Maryland for putting forward this critical amendment  ending China's developing nation status.   The ability of countries to take advantage of ``special and  differential treatment'' as it is called in the World Trade  Organization--WTO--to skip out on meaningful obligations and upend the  trade playing field has long concerned me and other members of the  Finance Committee on both sides of the aisle.   While I support the goal of the amendment, the language needs to be  refined to effectively achieve that objective. I want to work with you  in conference to ensure this amendment directs the U.S. Trade  Representative to meaningfully address China's status at the WTO. The  WTO has a unique and, frankly, antiquated form of governance and is  long overdue for significant reform, including its treatment of major  economies like China.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, before I make a unanimous request on this  important bipartisan, bicameral bill, I wish to talk for a moment about  why it is so critical that the Senate pass this urgently needed  legislation.   For hundreds of thousands of Americans and their families waiting for  a transplant, this is not an abstract issue. We are talking about life  and death. More than 100,000 people are on the waiting list to receive  a transplant, and, on average, 17 people die each day waiting for an  organ transplant. In the first half of this year alone, more than 2,200  Americans have died while waiting for a transplant.    The inadequacies of the current system are especially harmful to  minority populations who are disproportionately represented on the  organ transplant waitlist, yet, on average, wait longer for a  transplant and are at a higher risk of death while waiting.   I would just say to my colleagues that this is morally repugnant, and  this legislation begins, finally, to root out this bias against our  minority communities.   For the last 40 years, the same contractor has had a stronghold on  this contract. The lack of competition has not been in the best  interest of patients, and this fall the contract will be up for  renewal.   In last year's bipartisan investigation, the Finance Committee found  shocking failures with the current contractor who oversees the entire  system: long wait times for patients on transplant lists, viable organs  being lost or damaged in transit. We saw pictures of these organs lying  around in airport hangars. There has just been a lack of accountability  when the problems happen, technology failures, and even patient deaths.   The last place anybody wants to hear about gross mismanagement and  incompetence is in the business of saving lives. It is time for real  accountability and real change.   This bill would build on the administration's recently announced  plans to modernize the program and clarify that there is the ability to  award multiple contracts for these key functions. This would create  real competition for these contracts and ensure the best-in-class  organizations can be awarded contracts to support this critical system.   The bill, which passed in the other body last week, would bring much  needed change and modernization of the organ transplant system by  supporting the administration's efforts and codifying, in the black  letter law, modernization efforts where we aren't going to turn back  the clock. We are not going to go back. We are going to go forward.   I would like to thank a number of Members on both sides of the aisle  who have been on the frontlines in this fight, particularly Senator  Grassley, Senator Cardin, and Senator Young, who always worked in a  bipartisan way. Senator Grassley, in particular, has been a longtime  leader on this issue, an outspoken advocate for fixing a broken organ  transplant system. I believe he had a challenging schedule, as many  Senators did tonight, but I wanted to thank Senator Grassley. And I  want to also thank my friend from Vermont, Senator Sanders, and his  very talented staff for their commitment to help us get to this point,  and we are going to continue to work in the future.   Let's be clear about what is on offer. Every Member of Congress wants  Americans to have the best-in-class organ transplant system. Our  legislation is written from top to bottom to ensure competition for  technical functions like those that will help this program perform to  the highest possible level.   I said we were going to pull out all the stops to get this passed  because the patients deserve it. This is the final stop after all of  these years of foot-dragging and excuses. And tonight, this is the  final stop. Let's send the Securing the U.S. Organ Procurement  Transplantation Network Act to the President's desk today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 2544, which was received  at the House and is at the desk; further, that the bill be considered  read a  [[Page S3732]]  third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    I thank my colleague for all his leadership, and I am  certainly planning to speak on the very strong merits of what you  described. And if you would like to continue, we will go through that  shortly.   Would the gentleman like to yield to me?    I thank my colleague for being our leader here in the  Congress and, frankly, for this Nation because he has consistently made  the point that given the demographics of where we are going to have so  many more older people, where we have so many young people at risk, we  desperately need Chairman Sanders to do what he is talking about, which  is to address this massive shortage of healthcare workers in America.   Addressing healthcare workforce shortages means we are going to have  to have fresh, big league ideas to get these workers all across our  country, and it is vitally important that we address several of the  biggest ideas Chairman Sanders and I are talking about.    For example, expanding funding for the Medicare Graduate Medical  Education Program--what is called GME--would grow the number of  doctors, especially primary care physicians and psychiatrists.   This evening, Chairman Sanders, I want to make it clear that our two  committees--yours doing important work, what is known as HELP, and ours  on the Finance Committee--we are committed to bipartisan legislation  that is going to increase investments in the Medicare Graduate Medical  Education Program. We are also going to focus on incentivizing  healthcare providers to partner with schools to train and develop  healthcare professionals from medical assistants to advanced practice  nurses.   We are also going to have to address expanding the number of  behavioral health providers because we know we have an enormous mental  health program challenge in America. We have to increase access to  maternal health programs in rural areas and invest in the direct care  workforce to ensure the health and safety of older Americans and those  with disabilities.   What Senator Sanders is talking about is an all-hands-on-deck  approach with our two committees, the two lead committees in the  healthcare area working together to increase the number of workers.   Tonight, Chairman Sanders, as chair of the Finance Committee, I want  to make clear that I intend to work very closely with you on these  issues. We are going to be partners in the effort in the Finance and  HELP Committees to bring forward legislation in the fall to address the  healthcare workforce crisis in America. And I want to hear the rest of  your remarks and hope then we can have a lifting of the objection and  pass the bill.    Madam President, in a moment, I will put forward a  unanimous consent request to pass the secure the U.S. Oregon  procurement and transplant patient network act. Madam President, I ask  unanimous consent that the following members of my personal office and  Finance Committee team be granted floor privileges for the remainder of  this Congress: Joshua Hauser, Aleksandra Czulak, Phoebe Canagarajah,  Dylan Irlbeck, Maya Ward, Shreyas Gandlur.   