 Mr. Speaker, I stand before you today in strong opposition  to H. Con. Res. 21 to pull forces out of Syria.   Like many in this distinguished Chamber, I have served in the region.  I spent 23 years as a Navy SEAL. I have hunted war criminals. I have  dismantled terrorist cells, and I have fought for freedom on foreign  shores.   There are several self-evident truths in Syria. First, the U.S.  troops are authorized by Congress.   Second, I do believe that we should review those authorizations. They  may need to be reviewed. We should have answers on objectives, on  failures, on victories, on a plan for ultimate success. I agree.   But there is no doubt that Syria also remains a center for radical  Islamic forces and terrorism, like ISIS, like PKK. These are  organizations that will never stop, ever. They are committed to  destroying this Nation and our allies, and we should be aware of their  objectives.   Lastly, the hard truth is this: Either we fight them in Syria or we  will fight them here. Either we fight and defeat them in Syria, or we  will fight in the streets of our Nation.   To understand the scope of the military presence, we are talking  about 900 troops. That is 900 troops that have to have the capability  for intelligence collection, self-defense, surveillance, targeting. In  case our troops get in trouble, that force must be sufficient to get  them out of trouble because every sailor, soldier, airman, and marine,  deserves nothing less.   Nine hundred military personnel is an objectively small contingent.  When you look at it, that is about the size of a Walmart which employs,  on average, 300 people.   So I agree with many of the supporters of the resolution that  Congress has the powers, and these powers should be reviewed. We should  ask the hard questions: What is the path to victory?   What are the resources that are being spent? Are they being spent in  the right spot?   Is there a clear path to victory, and what are the interests of the  United States?  [[Page H1175]]    But believe me, Mr. Speaker, I understand the burden of war. I have  lost a lot of friends. I understand the consequences of war on foreign  shores, both to the servicemen and our families, which is why I call on  my colleagues today to ask the right questions, but to reject this  well-intended, but really, really bad idea.   