 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment,  amendment No. 37, which would prohibit the use of funds made available  by this act from being used to enforce any COVID-19 mask mandates.   Our country sends young men and women overseas for long periods of  time, away from their family and friends at great risk to their  physical safety. When they come home and become veterans, sometimes the  VA refuses them the care that they have earned and that they deserve.  This is unacceptable.   I have heard from numerous veterans in my district who have been  denied care over their unwillingness to wear a mask to protect them  from a pandemic that has long been declared over, using a method that  has long since been refuted.   Denying a veteran medical care over a personal decision is  outrageous. We owe it to care for our Nation's heroes and to provide  them with the best possible care, not stigmatize them over masking  decisions.   The COVID-19 mask mandates are also unfair to the employees of the  VA. Most employees want to provide veterans with world-class  healthcare, not enforce arbitrary, unscientific rules. The VA did  loosen its COVID-19 mask requirements recently. However, they left too  much discretion to unelected bureaucrats. Again, the pandemic has long  been over, and it is time to end all of the COVID-19 mandates.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, unfortunately the Representative is  either mistaken or intentionally spreading false information. Any parts  or portions of the facility that previously had mask mandates for  immune deficiencies or any other reasons would not be impacted by this  mandate. Only mandates that are a direct result of COVID-19 are  prohibited.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas, (Mr.  Self).    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, the medical center leadership, the leadership, will  determine when it is appropriate to transition from standard to  enhanced safety practices. This is the problem.   Bureaucrats are continuing to make decisions, not about sensitive  areas, not about areas where we are prone to have immune deficiencies,  but simply sensitive areas, and recommended national response by a team  of subject matter experts due to future COVID-19 variants that threaten  veteran staff and safety. This is not acceptable.   Again, COVID-19 is over. These mask mandates as a result of COVID-19  need to be eliminated.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Chair, this amendment simply eliminates use of funds by the VA  for the implementation of any COVID-19 mandates and is long overdue. I  ask my colleagues to support this amendment and restore the proper  treatment of our veterans.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   