 Mr. President, today, I rise in support of the passage  of S.J. Res. 9, providing for congressional disapproval of the U.S.  Fish and Wildlife Service's rule regarding the lesser prairie-chicken  under the Congressional Review Act over the objections of President  Biden.   This week, the White House continued their war on American  agriculture with its latest veto on our bipartisan lesser prairie- chicken resolution, S.J. Res. 9.   The White House has shown time and time again how truly out of touch  they are with grassroots farmers and ranchers and their commitment to  the environment.   Recently, the White House made the bold claim that the prairie- chicken population serves as an indicator for healthy grasslands and  prairies.   To start with, I want to personally invite the U.S. Fish and Wildlife  folks to the great plains of Kansas to see firsthand the many  conservation efforts of our local landowners. The comment from the  White House suggests that the prairies of Kansas are unhealthy, that  our ranchers are the problem and not the solution. It seems obvious  that once again the Agencies know little to nothing about the blood,  sweat, and tears and the pride our landowners pour into their land to  make sure it is cleaner, safer, and healthier for future generations.   Furthermore, the White House suggests our efforts in Congress to  delist the bird ``create uncertainty for landowners and industries who  have been working for years to forge the durable, locally-led  conservation strategies.''   Mr. President, all of the industries impacted by this listing, who  are supporters of our resolution, would strongly disagree with your  statement.   However, the White House is right on one thing--it is right on the  count. For over 20 years, Federal, State, and private landowners have  voluntarily collaborated with the Fish and Wildlife Service to conserve  the lesser prairie-chicken and its habitat. These partnerships have  already resulted in conservation agreements covering roughly 15 million  acres of potential habitat for the species. In fact, these efforts have  been so successful that the lesser prairie-chicken species is now  considered stable in Kansas.   On the other hand--make no mistake about it--this veto creates  uncertainty. I have to ask the White House: What message does listing  the bird now, after all the good conservation work, send to those of us  who have successfully labored to improve the lands handed to us from  previous generations? I will tell you the message it sends: that the  hammer will still fall regardless of these successful efforts, and the  government will step in and regulate our industry out of existence  despite successful conservation efforts.   The Federal Government thinks it knows best when it comes to  conservation. I rise to say that this assumption is wrong. Despite  billions of dollars spent in the name of the Endangered Species Act,  the law continues to fail at its underlying mission of recovering and  delisting species. Less than 2 percent of all listed species have been  removed from ESA protection since 1973.   It is clear the ESA is merely another tool weaponized by this  administration to attack those of us in rural America. This is  unsurprising coming from a White House that vetoed the bipartisan  resolution striking down the waters of the U.S. rule.   Through a combination of public and private efforts, the lesser  prairie-chicken is now better protected than at any previous time. A  listing as ``threatened'' or ``endangered'' will not provide any  additional conservation benefits above what already exist.   While the numbers of the lesser prairie-chicken tend to follow  rainfall, numbers range-wide have been growing since the Obama  administration attempted to list the bird in 2014.   No one in this body wants to see this bird go extinct. No oil  producer, rancher, farmer, wind energy producer--none of us wants the  demise of the prairie-chicken. That is why voluntary partnerships have  worked. A listing now will only push oil and gas developments to  countries that have long track records of violating human rights or  extract these important energy sources in a manner which is more  harmful to the environment than American producers.   Whether it is gas, diesel, wind, or solar energy, a listing now will  only increase the cost of energy for Kansans. A listing now will  federalize millions of acres of ranchland, increasing the regulatory  burden for our farmers and ranchers, ultimately increasing the cost of  food. I ask you, for what purpose? An attempt to protect a species by  an Agency which has only successfully recovered 2 percent of species it  has listed.   I know and believe in the local communities that have and will  continue to do what is best for the land, which is what will be best  for the lesser prairie-chicken.   This administration continues to ignore the impact that  overregulation  [[Page S4740]]  has on American industries. This administration's costs of rules and  regulations already outpace the last two administrations combined. From  January 21, 2021, through August 4 of this year, final rules from the  current administration imposed roughly $400 billion in total costs,  with more than 232 million hours of annual paperwork.   In summary, our resolution is one of the many important steps the  Senate GOP has taken to unburden the economy from the bureaucratic  harassment being employed by the Biden administration.   I again urge you to join me in applauding rather than punishing good,  voluntary conservation efforts and support the joint resolution for  congressional disapproval of the lesser prairie-chicken listing over  the objections of the President.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   