 Mr. President, last night, additional new evidence came  to light that Rupert Murdoch and FOX News knew Donald Trump lied about  the 2020 election. Yet they allowed the Big Lie to air on their network  all the same. More and more evidence keeps pouring out that these are  the undisputed facts.   I have never heard of a news organization push a story with such  intensity while acknowledging, very candidly behind the scenes, that  what they were peddling was total balderdash.   In one email just revealed last night, Mr. Murdoch admitted sometime  after January 6 that ``maybe Sean and Laura went too far,'' referring  to prime-time hosts Sean Hannity and Laura Ingraham.   In another instance published in last night's Washington Post, Mr.  Murdoch speculated that after losing the election, Donald Trump was  going ``increasingly mad.'' Murdoch said Donald Trump is going  ``increasingly mad,'' and then Murdoch worried that President Trump's  allies' plans to overturn swing State results ``sound ridiculous'' and  could lead to ``riots like never before.''   Murdoch, the head of FOX News, allowing these lies to continue,  worries that they could lead to ``riots like never before.''   But it is not enough for Mr. Murdoch to express doubt and regret in  private, which is continuing to be documented, because today, after he  makes these expressions of doubt and regret and is very pejorative of  his own newscast and newscasters, the Big Lie still has a home at FOX  News, Mr. Murdoch's station--news network. Just look at Carlson's  segments this week.   Members on the Republican side of the aisle should drop the pretenses  and say it plainly: FOX News lied to the country about the 2020  elections and, in doing so, eroded the public's trust in American  democracy. For their own sake and for the sake of the country, Mr.  Murdoch and FOX News leadership should put a halt to the spread of the  Big Lie on their network.   This is about preserving trust in our 200-year-old system of  government. When enough people believe elections are not on the level,  that is the death knell of democracy.   Of course, the fault also lies with the person who shared Capitol  security footage with FOX News to begin with--  [[Page S678]]  Speaker McCarthy. Speaker McCarthy has held a gavel for less than 3  months and already he has done more than any party leader in Congress  to enable the spread of Donald Trump's Big Lie.   While the Speaker can't undo his decision to share security footage  with FOX News, he should denounce them for the way that FOX News  manipulated that footage to rewrite the history of January 6. The  Speaker should not delay because his decision to share sensitive  security footage with FOX News has made our democracy weaker because  millions--millions--of people, sadly, believe Mr. Carlson when he says  January 6 was a legitimate protest. And the more people who believe  that January 6 was legitimate, the more they will accept the lie that  Donald Trump won the 2020 election.   Bewilderingly--bewilderingly--Speaker McCarthy said yesterday that he  didn't regret his decision to share Capitol security footage. He said  he didn't see what FOX News aired; that people can make their own  conclusions. Then, for some reason, he started pointing the finger at  CNN.   For Speaker McCarthy not even to watch the spoiled fruits of his  labor, it shows a callousness and unconcern far beneath the dignity of  his office.   Speaker McCarthy, rescue your office from that indignity by finally  speaking out. If you are dealing with a burglar, Speaker McCarthy, the  last thing you should do is give them your house keys. If you are  dealing with an arsonist, Speaker McCarthy, the last thing you should  do is give them a box of matches. And if you are dealing with FOX News,  Speaker McCarthy, the last thing you should do is give them security  footage of January 6 because, as we have seen, their hosts will lie to  the American people--baldly lie about what happened.   So, once again, Speaker McCarthy can't undo his decision to share  security footage with FOX, but he should at least denounce FOX News for  the way they have manipulated the footage to rewrite the history of  January 6.    Madam President, first, I want to thank Senators Murray,  Baldwin, Blumenthal, and so many of the others who have spoken on this  issue. It is so vital to our country, to the women of our country, and  to all of us in this country.   For nearly 50 years, Roe v. Wade safeguarded Americans' fundamental  right to choose. From the moment Roe was decided in 1973, the most  extreme elements of the Republican Party made it their mission to  reverse Roe and eliminate the freedom of choice.   Last summer, tragically, that doomsday scenario became true when the  MAGA Supreme Court overturned Roe and declared that there was no  constitutional right to access abortion. Eight months later, the  consequences of the Court's decision have been severe. One in three  women has lost abortion access, and over 17 million individuals can no  longer access the full range of reproductive care.   The MAGA Supreme Court's decision means our children will grow up in  a world where they have fewer liberties than previous generations.   Today, as I mentioned, Senators Baldwin and Blumenthal, along with  many others of us, are reintroducing a salve to this terrible  injustice: the Women's Health Protection Act.   This legislation only dropped this morning, but Senate Democrats  already have a record number of cosponsors, 49 in total. Let me say  that again. The legislation only dropped this morning, but Senate  Democrats already have a record number of cosponsors, 49 in total. This  is the most united Senate Democrats have ever been on pro-choice  legislation, while Republicans remain hell-bent on eliminating women's  choice.   After Americans rejected MAGA Republicans' anti-choice agenda last  fall, you would think they would have gotten the message, but they have  not. Today, 14 States have enacted near-total abortion bans. Florida  Republicans, meanwhile, introduced a bill this week to ban abortions  after just 6 weeks, before many women even know they are pregnant.   How can you say the Florida bill is anything but cruel and inhumane?   And for those who think Republicans' abortion hostility is about  States' rights, nearly every Republican in the Senate sponsored and  voted in favor of a nationwide abortion ban. That is what this is all  about. Republicans, deep down, want to ban abortions for everyone,  everywhere.    As bad as all this is, the worst injustice is that those who suffer  most are often low-income Americans, rural Americans, people of color,  LGBTQ Americans, particularly the trans community, and especially Black  Americans. In fact, research shows that States with the harshest  abortion bans have some of the highest rates of Black maternal death,  as much as 38 percent higher in States with abortion restrictions.  There is only one word to describe this: shameful. It is a stain, a  blot, a blemish on America's soil.   So passing the Women's Health Protection Act is the right thing to do  for our country.   I want to thank all of the Senators who helped lead this bill--the  women Members of our leadership and all of our women Senators and so  many others, including Senator Blumenthal, Senator Whitehouse, and many  more who worked so hard on this legislation. I will work with them to  push this bill forward.   I yield the floor.   