 Mr. Speaker, the 2001 and 2002 Authorizations for Use of  Military Force licensed the executive branch to conduct broad military  operations, and Congress has disregarded its constitutional oversight  powers as a result. Repealing these outdated AUMFs restores Congress'  constitutional check on executive fiat.   The United States military forces are present in the Middle East  pursuant to an Authorization for Use of Military Force that was enacted  more than 20 years ago. At that time, Congress did not conceive that  these authorizations would sanction an endless military commitment.   The United States is not the world's policeman, and it is incredibly  unwise to promote this level of involvement in international disputes.  However, Democrat and Republican Presidents alike have abused the  powers of war granted under the 2001 and 2002 AUMFs, and Congress must  act to reign back the executive branch's war authorities.   Further, continuing to dump trillions of dollars into these endless  wars is irresponsible, runs contrary to American economic and security  interests, and unnecessarily places American lives in jeopardy.   It is clear that the basis for the AUMFs currently in force have long  expired, and Congress must fulfill its constitutional responsibility  and ensure we are conducting proper oversight of the executive branch's  military operations.   Now, I hear my colleagues on the left talking about leaving the Kurds  and withdrawals, but yet, I note these are the exact same individuals  that their party argues that it was time to withdraw from Afghanistan  and leave our allies and Americans behind, something I know about,  since I am the only Member of Congress who actually conducted the first  overland rescue of Americans out of Afghanistan after they were left  behind.   I also note that these are the same people saying that pulling away  is going to increase ISIS' presence. Is this not the exact same  government that said that nation building was a great strategy for  Iraq? Is this not the same government who utilized and helped to  implement the 2005 Iraq Constitution that implemented Article 76 that  sets forth a sectarian democracy giving rise to Iran's political  stronghold?   I have spent 7 years of my life in Iraq, almost 3 years in  Afghanistan, Kosovo, Pakistan, northern Somalia, been blown up twice in  2006, a Bronze Star recipient, and a proud combat veteran. I can tell  you that in the 20-plus years that we served in Iraq and Afghanistan,  had it been a counterterrorism operation or counterinsurgency strategy,  I could have fully gotten behind that. But we continue to play  political football, and that is exactly what the dangers of AUMFs are.  They allow people to basically do carte blanche with warfare, and that  is not the intent.   In fact, I would argue that we have already lost the advantage, and  we should be refocusing our efforts on what is happening at our  southern border, where just a day ago, we had two Americans who were  killed by what I would consider to be a worthy adversary, which is the  cartels.   So we sit here today, and I am not going to talk about the arguments  of the $86 billion that we left behind when we talk about the ISIS  buildup.   Let's talk about the ISIS buildup. What about ISIS-Khorasan? What  about the Haqqani network? What about the Taliban, who has $86 billion  in weapons, armament, defense products, millions of dollars of pallets  of cash? They are now the closest to being a true caliph with an actual  sovereignty in its borders and a recognized government. That is who we  need to be concerned with.   When I went to Afghanistan, I thought it was to help to fight from  this becoming a safe haven of terrorism. Instead, we have actually  promoted, funded, trained, and actually made it a safe haven of  terrorism.    The American people are not about endless wars. The American people  are about us being involved in things that we have control over.  Unfortunately, due to the political football and the fact that it was  the suits, not the boots, making the decisions, we have no clear  military objective, and that is why this has continued to be a failure.   