 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 4 minutes  equally divided prior to the next rollcall vote.    Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 838 and ask that it  be reported by number.    Mr. President, I propose amendment No. 838 for the very  simple reason that, as we spend resources to support the Ukrainian war  effort against the Russians, we need to be honest with ourselves and  honest with the American people about exactly what we are spending and  how much we are spending.   We saw recently, in a $6 billion Department of Defense accounting  error, which fails to give the American people and fails--and what our  amendment does is simple. It forces the Department of Defense to use an  accurate accounting method. If we ask ourselves, when the President  uses his drawdown authority to send weapons systems to Ukraine, how do  we account for it? Do we account for it based on an old cost with  depreciation or do we account for it on its cost to the American  taxpayer?   I think it is very clear that the cost to the American taxpayer is  the one that we should use, and I also think this allows us to more  adequately count and account for the resources we are giving to Ukraine  and other nations as well.   Mr. President, I ask to reserve the remainder of my time.    Mr. President, I ask to be recognized.    Mr. President, I will be brief here. First of all, the  Department of Defense clarified that it has not used the proper  accounting methods in Ukraine. So I don't think this is a change to a  longstanding policy. I think that it reinforces proper accounting  methods within the Department of Defense.   The more important point here is that a $6 billion accounting error  is approximately the amount of aid that the United Kingdom has provided  to Ukraine. If we are not using an accounting method that allows us to  properly account for this stuff, we are missing gaping numbers. We  can't possibly have a reasonable cost-benefit debate if we don't know  the cost of the resources and the weapons we are sending to Ukraine.   We just need to be honest with ourselves and with the American  people. That is all this amendment does. And I ask that it be called up  for a vote.   I ask for the yeas and nays.   