 Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor today in support of the  rule to consider Representative Boebert's Articles of Impeachment  against the President of the United States before the House Homeland  Security Committee.   Under Article II, Section 2 of the U.S. Constitution--the document  Joe Biden swore an oath to defend--the President of the United States  is charged with serving as the Commander in Chief, defending the Nation  against threats, and ensuring the safety and security of all American  citizens.   Joe Biden has utterly failed to fulfill his responsibility to we the  people.   Our southern border faces a daily barrage of illegal aliens, human  trafficking, and deadly fentanyl. It is an outright invasion, and Joe  Biden is not only letting it happen, he is encouraging it.   Back in 2019, Joe Biden during his Presidential campaign said this:   ``We are a nation that says: `If you want to flee, and you are  fleeing oppression, you should come.' ''   He invited this invasion by sending up a flare signaling that anyone  from anywhere could come exploit and abuse the American homeland.   Now, 2\1/2\ years into the Biden regime, we are seeing the effects of  his complete dereliction of duty. Since he took office, more than 1.5  million illegal aliens have evaded apprehension. In fiscal year 2022  alone, 150,000 unaccompanied children crossed by themselves. This  fiscal year nearly 100 members of the terrorist watch list have been  incentivized to cross so far, and I remind the people in this House  that it only took 19 individuals to commit the attacks on 9/11.   Tons of fentanyl have poured across the border with more than 17,000  pounds coming across since just October 2022.    Joe Biden is the patriarch of a perverted and corrupt  political dynasty who is more interested in profiting off his position  than protecting our Nation. His time in the Oval Office has been a  disgrace, and he deserves to be impeached, which is why I support the  passage of this rule.   