 Mr. President, thank you for your leadership and your  desire to continue to lead in our country.   Everything I do here, everything that most of us do here, I think,  should come back to the dignity of work--the idea that hard work should  pay off for everyone, no matter who you are, no matter whether you  punch a clock or swipe a badge, no matter if you are management or  labor, no matter if you are self-employed, where you live, what kind of  work you do. When work has dignity--by definition, the ``dignity of  work,'' brought to us originally by Leo XIII, ``the labor Pope'' of 120  years ago--with the Presiding Officer's faith, he knows about Leo XII-- and brought to us by Dr. King--when work has dignity, people have a  secure retirement. It means you count on Social Security and Medicare.  It means we protect people's pensions. It means the VA continues paying  benefits that you earned if you were exposed to Agent Orange or to  these massive football field-size burn pits. It means people make  enough money for retirement and for a rainy day.   It is why in this body, just 2 years ago--in March, slightly fewer  than 2 years ago--we saved the pensions of 100,000 Ohioans, tens of  thousands in Virginia, a million around the country, people who worked  their whole lives. They earned the pension and the peace of mind in  retirement for themselves and their families.   Think about what that means.   It is why we are still fighting for the Delphi retirees who, again,  lost their pensions through no fault of theirs. It is why we will  always--always, always--fight back against attacks on Social Security,  attacks on Medicare, and efforts to privatize the Veterans'  Administration.   A secure retirement should never be a partisan issue. On August 14,  1935, President Roosevelt signed the Social Security Act. Ever since  that time, it should not--it was partisan then. Most Democrats were for  it, and most Republicans were, I will just say, less for it. But it has  become a partisan issue far too often.   Social Security and Medicare are two of the most popular, most  unifying institutions of the country. It is our government's promise to  working men and women, a promise that they will be able to retire with  dignity. You pay in every paycheck--twice a month, whatever--and you  are guaranteed that benefit.  [[Page S71]]    Support for Social Security cuts across party lines. It cuts across  racial lines. It cuts across geographic lines. Americans not only want  to protect Social Security and Medicare--that goes without saying,  although many of my colleagues want to undermined it--but they want to  make these programs stronger.   But that is what Republicans--I don't want to make this into a  partisan issue, but it has been, unfortunately. It is not what the  Republicans in Congress want to do.   I want every American to understand that Republicans in Congress are  planning to hold your Social Security hostage. They have done it  several different ways over the years. So let's talk about it today.   They have threatened not to raise the debt limit. Raising the debt  limit sounds complicated and sounds expensive. It is not. Raising the  debt limit, said another way, is about paying our bills, paying the  bills our Nation owes and keeping our word. We did this three times  under Donald Trump with no drama. Their refusal to pay our bills  undermines U.S. global leadership.   For seniors, it would be a disaster. It means that Social Security  checks would stop going out. It would mean that seniors won't get their  Social Security checks if we don't keep our promises and pay our bills.  It is the first way this year that Republicans will attack Social  Security.   Second, they want to take this country and the American economy to  the brink of default and then leverage their fiscal lunacy to cut your  Social Security. Ten years ago, 15 years ago, Republicans didn't act  this way. It is this new--just going down the hall here, you can see  the other place, the place where the other ones work. The people who  are the most extreme in that body clearly are trying to bring this  country to the brink. They are willing to take the U.S. economy hostage  and only agree to pay our bills--bills we have all run up, including a  huge part of that with President Trump and the Republican Congress with  the big tax cut giveaway to the richest people in this country--they  are willing to take the economy hostage and raise the debt limit if  Congress cuts Social Security. The only way they are going to pay their  bills is if Congress cuts Social Security. That is what they are  saying.    Let that sink in. Congressional Republicans intend to use the fact  that we need to pay our bills, pay our bills that already have  accrued--to pay our bills is their tool for cutting Social Security.  You might disguise their policy as a commission. Every time you hear  the word ``commission'' and then they describe the next part of the  sentence to reform Social Security, you know what it means. Their plan  is to leverage this: We are going to not pay our bills to cut your  Social Security.   Finally, there is privatizing Social Security. The details differ.  The terms may change, but the goal is the same: to kill off Social  Security by shrinking it and privatizing it and undermining public  support.   It doesn't matter if you voted for this Republican or that Republican  who sits at these desks or Senator Casey or Senator Wyden or Senator  Kaine. Overwhelmingly, people who go to the polls and vote support  Social Security and don't want Social Security privatized.   What is happening is nothing less than an attempt to go back on the  bedrock promise made to America's middle class that Social Security  would be there for them.   On August 14, 1935, Franklin Roosevelt signed the Social Security  Act. In 1940 or 1941, for a woman in New Hampshire, I think her first  check was $24. I believe she was a retired schoolteacher and got the  first Social Security check.   It doesn't matter to them, to Social Security beneficiaries, about  all the politics here. But we know that for Social Security checks,  people paid into the program their whole entire working lives. Our  government should work for people who paid into Social Security, not  against them.   When work has dignity, we honor the retirement security people  earned. I urge my Republican colleagues in this body--colleagues, I  point out, with healthcare and retirement plans; all of us with  healthcare and retirement plans paid for by taxpayers--our retirements  aren't at risk. Why should it be for Social Security beneficiaries?  None of my colleagues over here are saying: Let's privatize the  retirement system for Members of Congress.   They never say that. They say: Let's privatize Social Security. Let's  privatize the Veterans' Administration in Richmond or Cleveland or  Cincinnati. Let's privatize Medicare.   They never talk about privatizing their benefits.   But think about the generations of Americans who have benefited from  Social Security and the generations to come relying on the promise of  Social Security and Medicare.   For the last part of my remarks, Mr. President, I introduced a  resolution affirming the Senate's commitment, last year, to protecting  and expanding Social Security.   Dozens of my colleagues got on this bill, including, I believe, the  Presiding Officer--a resolution affirming the Senate's commitment to  protecting and expanding Social Security. But you know what? Not one  Republican signed onto this resolution; not one recommitted to the  promise of the American people that if you work hard all of your life,  Social Security will be there for you.   What is more American, what is more basic, what is more family- oriented than: I pay into Social Security my whole life, I pay into  Medicare, and if I get prematurely sick or disabled or when I retire,  why would we not honor that commitment? Why do some Members of Congress  want to privatize this program? Because we know what happens when they  are privatized. The investors come in, the banks come in and end up  undermining it, and there is less dollars--fewer dollars available and  less public support.   Americans shouldn't have to worry that politicians secure with  government pensions are going to try to take away their retirement  benefits that they earn. I will again introduce that resolution-- probably next month--affirming the Senate's commitment to protecting  and expanding Social Security, opposed to privatization.   I will again ask all my colleagues to sign on. I assume we will get  many. I am hopeful this time--hopeful--that some Republicans join us.  Republican seniors in Ohio would support it. It is just, their elected  officials so often don't.   People shouldn't have to worry if politicians who put our entire  economy at risk by using this debt limit fight--this ``are we going to  pay our bills or not'' fight--to cut social security, but here we are.   I urge my colleagues to do the patriotic duty to raise the debt  limit, without condition, without threatening economic calamity. And I  ask that you work with us to do what the American people overwhelmingly  want: protect and expand Social Security and Medicare and VA benefits.   I yield the floor.   