 Mr. President, for Congress to legislate on artificial  intelligence is for to us engage in one of the most complex and  important subjects Congress has ever faced. In just a few years,  artificial intelligence has grown in complexity, speed, and power,  doing things even experts didn't think possible so soon.   In past situations, when subjects like this that are so complex and  difficult have come forward, too many Congresses have tended to behave  reactively or have favored delaying action until it is too late. But on  AI, we can't behave like ostriches and stick our heads in the sand. It  will affect just about every aspect of society in major ways, both  positive and negative, and on an issue this wide-ranging and important,  we must make every good-faith effort to act.   Congress must recognize two things; that this effort must be  bipartisan and that we need outside help if we want to write effective  AI policies. We need help, of course, from developers and experts who  build AI systems, but we also need help from critics who can make sure  the liabilities of AI are minimized by guardrails. Those critics will  come from two places, like from outside the industry, such as labor and  civil rights and the creative community, but we also need critics from  inside the industry as well who may know, in a very technical sense,  how to minimize the dangers.   That is why tomorrow will be so important. Tomorrow morning, I will  convene, with Senators Rounds and Heinrich and Young, the first of a  series of AI Insight Forums to bring leaders from inside and outside  the industry to debate Congress's role in regulating AI.   We will have a balanced and diverse group at the table, not just  those from tech but AI experts and ethicists who have spent years  researching and advancing the technology. We will also have  organizations outside the industry representing labor and civil rights,  the world of academia and defense, and so much more--all of these  groups together in one room, talking about how and why Congress must  act, what questions to ask, and how to build a consensus for SAFE  innovation. That is, of course, what we have called our suggestion  because AI innovation must be our North Star in all we do.  [[Page S4360]]    And I am talking about innovation in both a transformational sense-- the kind of innovation that unlocks new cures, improves education,  protects our national security, protects our food supply--and  sustainable innovation so that we may find new and creative ways to  protect against AI's risks and minimize the chances of this technology  going off the rails, which would undermine innovation altogether.   The only way we will achieve this goal is by bringing a diverse group  of perspectives together, from those who work every day on these  systems to those openly critical of many parts of AI and who worry  about its effects on workers, on racial and gender bias, and more. So I  look forward to tomorrow's conversation, the first of many we will have  this fall. I expect we will hear a wide range of views and opinions and  lots of dissenting views. That is how it should be.   I want to thank every participant attending tomorrow's forum. Thank  you also to Senators Rounds and Heinrich and Young, who helped to  organize tomorrow's meeting. And, of course, I want to thank all of my  colleagues from both sides of the aisle who recognize the urgency of  AI.   The Senate is fully engaged on this issue and is ready to do more.  Our committees and subcommittees have already held no fewer than nine  hearings on AI, with more happening this week, all on issues ranging  from national security to human rights, to IP, and more. We need all  hands on deck if we want to maximize AI's societal benefits while  minimizing its many risks. Tomorrow, we will take the next step in this  great undertaking, and I urge all of my colleagues from both sides to  attend.    I will be very brief. I wanted to come to the floor to  thank all of my colleagues for coming to the floor and talking about  this issue. Our Democratic caucus has been persistent champions in the  fight to lower drug costs for Americans.   I want to thank Senator Klobuchar, who has been such a leader on this  issue, for calling us together tonight.   It was said year after year, decade after decade: They are never  going to take on the big drug companies. They are never going to get  those high costs--in some cases, outrageously high costs--down.   But last summer, we did, and we won. Now millions of Americans are  seeing their drug costs go down as the Inflation Reduction Act goes  into effect. The 10 prescription drugs which my colleagues have talked  about are not drugs used by a rare few but are used by millions that  affect so many different illnesses, and they will treat things like  diabetes and heart failure and cancer and kidney disease and blood  clots and more.   The pain you feel when you talk to a parent who says: My child has  been diagnosed with cancer, but it costs $1,000  [[Page S4377]]  a month for the drug, and I can't afford it. What am I going to do?   What pain. Well, that pain is going to be greatly reduced in hundreds  of thousands of cases now that we have done this.   We are not stopping. We are going to keep going. It is a huge deal.  We are capping the price of insulin at $35. We did it for seniors on  Medicare, and now we are going to fight to get it for everybody else.  The Presiding Officer is helping to lead that charge. The cost of all  drugs, which once was unlimited, will start at $3,000 a year in January  and go to $2,000 in 2025.   The No. 1 thing our constituents are asking about is high costs. The  No. 1 thing that bugs them about the government is that no one seems to  get a handle on those high costs. Well, this is a shining example where  we are reducing their costs by taking on the special interests. We are  not stopping here.   I yield the floor and thank my colleagues for being here.   