 Mr. Speaker, the Biden administration continues to fail the  American people.   Just last month, Customs and Border Protection had 251,487 migrant  encounters along the southern border, the highest number of encounters  ever recorded in a single month. Despite our constant calls to get this  crisis under control, it has only gotten worse. Either President Biden  is trying and utterly failing, or worse, not trying at all.   Since President Biden has taken office, there have been more than 4.5  million migrant encounters at our southern border, and December marked  the tenth straight month with more than 200,000 encounters, a trend  that has never been recorded before. None of these statistics include  the over 1.2 million known got-aways who have  [[Page H351]]  evaded our overwhelmed U.S. Border Patrol agents.   Mr. Speaker, I rise for all middle Tennesseans to say: Mr. President,  please do your job and secure our border.    Mr. Chair, today I rise in support of H.R. 21, the  Strategic Production Response Act.   President Biden's energy policies that stifle domestic oil and gas  production have pushed energy prices up and made everything we buy in  this country more expensive. As a consequence, the president raided our  Strategic Petroleum Reserve last year in a failed attempt to  temporarily and artificially lower the price of gas right before the  mid-term election, putting his personal political self-interest above  our national security and our national interest. His actions left our  nation vulnerable to international energy extortion and woefully  unprepared to respond to certain domestic natural disasters and  emergencies.  [[Page H361]]    The solution to this terrible predicament the president has left us  in is to enact a policy that requires the Secretary of the Department  of Energy to submit a plan to increase domestic production every time  the president chooses to raid our reserves for non-emergency reasons.  That way, we'll never be left in the position we are left in today.  That's exactly what the Strategic Production Response Act does.   Additionally, Mr. Chair, I rise because I am pleased that the new  Republican majority in the House has brought forth this bill under a  modified open rule. This will be the first bill considered in this  chamber under an open modified rule since 2016 and the first time since  I took office.   I, along with many of my colleagues who wish to restore the integrity  of this institution, have long advocated for an open amendment process  that encourages robust debate. The American people sent us to  Washington to be their representatives, which means listening to each  other-even when we disagree--and taking tough votes so that we can  reach a consensus.   I am confident that this process will yield greater Member  participation, a more informed and engaged electorate, and ultimately  better legislation for the American people.   