 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I want to  make a few comments.   First of all, the Senator from Arkansas speaks for 100 Members of the  Senate when he expresses his outrage at the horrendous killings and  terrorist acts by Hamas against innocent people in Israel--the worst  attack and suffering in Israel since the Holocaust. So the Senator from  Arkansas speaks for every single one of us. Second, in his  characterization of Iran as a malign actor, their association with  Hamas, Hezbollah, the attacks they had on our soldiers when they were  in Iraq, I believe the Senator from Arkansas speaks for all 100 of us.  He certainly speaks for me. I want to salute the Senator for the time  he has spent during his service in the Senate alerting America to the  threat that Iran poses. But I object for the following reasons:   First of all, this President, President Biden, made a tough decision  that Presidents before him had to make--including President Trump-- about using the power of the office to bring back hostages who were  viciously detained, cruelly detained, in this case by Iran. He made  that decision, and, with the help of Qatar, we were able to bring five  American hostages home.   That is a tough decision, but I would disagree with my colleague when  he says that decision in any way indicates weakness or lack of resolve  on behalf of President Biden towards what is happening and has happened  in Israel. There is no better friend to Israel than President Joe  Biden. He has been an ally and supporter of Israel throughout his time  of service in the U.S. Senate, as Vice President, and as President of  the United States.   I do disagree, but this is not the time to get into a debate about  the Senator from Arkansas's characterization of some of the  intelligence about what was the role of Iran in what just happened.  That is a debate for a separate time.   I also want to disagree with the characterization that this is more  money that is going to go to Iran. When this was being negotiated,  there was great care given to the fact that this money had to be fenced  off so that it could only be used essentially for humanitarian  purposes. I am talking about medicine, medical devices, food, and  agricultural products.   Let's keep in mind that, yes, we have an adversary in Iran with the  ayatollahs, with Iran's Revolutionary Guard, but there are Iranians who  are suffering and who do need medicine. And our beef is not with the  people; it is with that government.   How are these funds limited? No bank can approve any one of the  transactions. This money is not in the hands of Iran. For any money to  be released, we have the backup of Qatar, where the funds are  deposited. The money cannot be approved for any expenditure to any  vendor unless it gets approval from the U.S. Government first. There is  constant--constant--monitoring to make certain that the purpose--that  it be for humanitarian use only--is met. The United States completely  controls the valve of these funds, with the backup of Qatar.   Finally, this would be somewhat insulting to the confidence we placed  in Qatar. What diplomatic efforts they may be involved in now for other  hostages, I don't know, but we want to express confidence in Qatar,  which has assisted us in bringing five Americans home.   Finally, there is the basic proposition--the United States made an  agreement here. We got the benefit of that agreement with five  Americans back home with their families. Mr. President, we keep our  word. We keep our word.   For these reasons, I object to the unanimous consent request.  [[Page S5031]]    