 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in 1984, President Ronald Reagan designated  October as National Down Syndrome Awareness Month. We have been  honoring that month ever since. We are attempting to ensure that  Americans have had the opportunity to celebrate and recognize  individuals with Down syndrome and those individuals' contribution to  our world.   Since 2015, I have served as the cochair of the Congressional Down  Syndrome Task Force, a bipartisan, bicameral caucus dedicated to  promoting policies that enhance the quality of life for individuals  with Down syndrome.   Last September, the task force partnered with leaders in Down  syndrome advocacy groups and the medical research sector to host a  roundtable discussion on recent scientific advances in Down syndrome  research. During the roundtable, self-advocates brought awareness to  the issues important to their communities, such as work and education  opportunities, policies to improve independent living, support for  their loved ones and caretakers, and medical research.   Hearing the firsthand testimonies from individuals of Down syndrome  and medical professionals who have dedicated their careers to the  understanding of Down syndrome in order to better care for the  community was meaningful to me, and it helped us better understand the  needs of the Down syndrome community.   Through my interactions on the task force, I have also had the  privilege to meet amazing parents, siblings, aunts, uncles, advocates,  and caregivers who support individuals with Down syndrome in living  successful and fulfilling lives. The dedication to improving the lives  of those in the Down syndrome community is appreciated not only this  month of October, but in every month, every day, every year.   As a cochair of the task force, I have worked to advocate for Federal  resources for the Down syndrome community to support medical research  and enable individuals with Down syndrome to live a full and  independent life.   Through congressional commitment to expand Federal resources, Down  syndrome research has improved significantly in recent years. In May of  2022, the National Institutes of Health report stated Federal  investment in Down syndrome research had increased from $18 million in  fiscal year 2014 to around $124 million in fiscal year 2022. This  increase in funding is a recognition of the gaps in our medical  research and works to make certain that we prioritize learning more  about Down syndrome.   As we take this month to celebrate the Down syndrome community and  their families, I look forward to building on recent successes and urge  Congress to renew its commitment to pursuing policies that support the  Down syndrome community and improve the quality of every American's  life.   I yield the floor.   