 Madam President, I rise to discuss the Senate's urgent  need to confirm nominations of Rebecca Lutzko to be U.S. attorney for  the Northern District of Ohio and April Perry to serve as U.S. attorney  for the Northern District of Illinois.   On five previous occasions, I have come to the floor of the Senate to  request unanimous consent to move these nominees forward. Each time,  the junior Senator from Ohio has objected. He campaigned for the  Senate, claiming he would be tough on crime, but now that he is here,  he proudly brags that he wants to ``grind the Department of Justice to  a halt.''   These communities desperately need these nominees in place. There are  85 U.S. attorneys across the United States. Under President Donald  Trump, we approved all 85 without a record rollcall--voice vote. It was  the understanding that we would voice--we would debate the issue of an  attorney general. When it came to the U.S. attorneys in individual  cities and States, it was too important for us to slow these down with  additional procedural requirements on the floor. And so we do  background checks on these U.S. attorney nominees on a bipartisan  basis. And once they clear, we add them to the calendar. That is when  the junior Senator from Ohio stepped in and decided he would try to  stop the process.   How important is the U.S Attorney's Office for the Northern District  of Ohio that he is holding up? The entire Nation has been impacted by  the opioid epidemic, but Ohio has been especially hard-hit.   In recent years, fentanyl has been involved in 80 percent of  unintentional drug overdose deaths within the State of Ohio. Last year,  Federal law enforcement officials and local partners in Ohio seized  over 87,000 fentanyl-laced tablets in a span of less than 4 months. And  over the course of 1 year, from April 2022 to April 2023, more than  5,000 Ohioans lost their lives to drug overdoses--5,000. Let that sink  in.   On average, every day, 14 Ohio families lose a loved one to drugs.  How important is it to have a U.S. attorney in Ohio--and in Illinois-- working on this drug crisis that claims so many lives every single day?  Can we really make an excuse that we have some political petulance at  work on the floor of the Senate that stops us from putting a prosecutor  in place to stop this drug trafficking?   The U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Ohio plays a  significant role in holding drug traffickers accountable. Last month,  the office secured a 320-month sentence for a Toledo-based man who was  a local drug distributor for the Sinaloa Cartel and had helped traffic  fentanyl, heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine into the State of Ohio.  In addition, Federal prosecutors found this defendant engaged in sex  trafficking and secured a 140-month sentence after he was convicted.   Notably, the U.S. Attorney's Office coordinated this with both the  Toledo Metro Drug Task Force and the Toledo Human Trafficking and Child  Exploitation Task Force. That is what an efficient U.S. Attorney's  Office does to keep the people of Ohio and Illinois safe.   Why in the world would any Senator stand up and object to a U.S.  attorney prosecutor who is working to stop this drug trafficking across  his State?   Well, the Senator from Ohio explained it. He is upset, Madam  President. He is upset that the U.S. Department of Justice, through a  special counsel, would actually consider indicting the former President  of the United States. And because he is upset--and he calls it  weaponization--he is going to make sure that, in his own State, there  is not a Federal prosecutor doing the job that should be done to stop  the sale of narcotics and, in my State of Illinois, the same thing.   This is unprecedented. It has not happened in the history of the  Senate. You can be upset, petulant, worried, hate it that a friend of  yours in politics has been indicted, but to hold that against the  people of Ohio and the families who are dying on such a regular  [[Page S5281]]  basis from these narcotics--that is shortsighted. That does not really  reach the level that we, as Senators, should aspire to.   So, Madam President, I make the following request: I ask unanimous  consent that at a time to be determined by the majority leader, with  the Republican leader's consultation, the Senate proceed to executive  session to consider the following nominations: Calendar Nos. 314 and  315; that there be 2 minutes for debate, equally divided in the usual  form, on each nomination; that following the use or yielding back of  time, the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or debate  on the nominations in the order listed; that the motions to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action  or debate; that no further motions be in order; that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action and the Senate then resume  legislative session.    Madam President, so, on average, every day, 14 Ohio  families lose a loved one to drugs.   The explanation: We want to send a message to the Department of  Justice. We want to keep the U.S. attorney off the job who would try to  attack this narcotics epidemic.   It just doesn't make sense. How can you explain to the people of Ohio  and Illinois that you are trying to get some way to make it even on  political grounds at their expense? For goodness' sake, for the sake of  families in your own home State, give these U.S. attorneys a chance to  fight to make life safer for these families.    I announce that the Senator from West Virginia (Mr.  Manchin) is necessarily absent.   