 Madam Speaker, I appreciate very much my good colleague  from Florida. Wow, very impressive, too, all those stats.   Madam Speaker, I rise today and thank my fellow Texan (Mr. Roy) for  this Special Order that we are going to do on our Texas Rangers' 200th  anniversary. I rise today to celebrate one of our country's most  storied law enforcement agencies, the Texas Rangers.   Since its creation 200 years ago as a force to defend settlers on the  frontier of Texas, the Rangers have been a central part of my State's  rich, rich history.   This group of remarkable men and women have seen their fair share of  legends themselves. Men like John Coffee Hays, who helped tame the vast  wilderness of Texas and protect settlers in the early days; John B.  Jones, who brought law and order during a time when the West was still  very wild; Frank Hamer, who took down the infamous Bonnie Parker and  Clyde Barrow. In fact, my district, the 36th Congressional District,  which includes Houston over to Louisiana, is home to a few legendary  Texas Rangers itself.   Major James T. Thomas grew up in Newton, Texas, right down the road  from my hometown of Woodville, Texas. He is the first known Texas  Ranger to hold a doctoral degree and is a forensics expert. His fellow  Rangers say that he is the epitome of what it means to be a Texas  Ranger: a man who is devoted to his faith, to his wonderful wife, and  is a great father to his children, and is a loyal friend and colleague.   I am also proud to represent other legends of the Texas Rangers.  Brandon Bess, is known for using modern techniques like genetic  targeting to solve cold cases that are decades old. Texas Ranger Joe  Haralson, is the longest-serving Ranger in history. It is a great  privilege to represent heroes like these three men.   Throughout history, the Texas Rangers have protected Presidents and  dignitaries, captured bandits and burglars, and solved some of the most  complicated criminal cases ever. They have always served their  communities and the Lone Star State with distinction and bravery.   Madam Speaker, I thank them for their dedicated service, and may God  continue to bless the Texas Rangers and our beloved Lone Star State.   