 Mr. Chairman, first I thank Congresswoman Letlow for  introducing this important piece of legislation and Chairwoman Foxx for  her steady and unwavering leadership, guiding the Education and the  Workforce Committee through a 16-hour debate, ending in a 2:23 a.m.  vote a few weeks ago to pass this out of committee.   This bill ensures that parents stay at the center of educating their  children, regardless of whether that education occurs at home or in a  public school system or anywhere in between. Until we can get the  Federal Government completely out of K-12 education, Federal  legislation shoring up the rights of parents is absolutely necessary.   H.R. 5, known as the Parental Bill of Rights Act, will keep parents  and families at the forefront of their child's educational journey. It  will also strengthen those critical partnerships between engaged  parents and willing educators. The beneficiary of such partnerships  will undoubtedly be the schoolchildren nationwide.  [[Page H1357]]    For generations, our classrooms have been a sacred place, a place  where children dig in to understand this world and how it works, where  they discover their passions and the reason for their creation, and  where they prepare for a lifetime of pursuing those passions.   I know this firsthand because before I entered my legal career, I  worked in a public school system for multiple years. I married a public  educator. About 9 years ago, I helped to start and run an education  foundation that supports the fabulous teachers in my local public  school district who teach with innovation and passion. Currently, I  have four children donning the doors of that very school system, a  choice my wife and I proudly make.   However, public classrooms should not be a place for advancing  personal agendas or political propaganda. The role of our public  educators is to educate, not to indoctrinate. Although the overwhelming  majority of educators that I represent in east Texas thankfully  understand this, it seems to me that in so many other corners of this  country, many others have forgotten this or perhaps they have just  simply forsaken this on purpose. In either case, it requires action by  this Congress to stand firmly with parents in their partnership with  educators.   Neither parents nor educators are the enemy. The enemy here is an  unchecked system and political agenda that excludes one of those two  essential parties necessary for the proper education of students;  namely, the parents.   In 1925, the Supreme Court unanimously held that ``the parental right  to guide one's child intellectually and religiously is a most  substantial part of the liberty and freedom of a parent.''   This concept is nothing new. We are talking about the fundamental  rights of parents. Parents should be at the center of the education of  their children, not the Federal Government.   As a member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I  will continue to fight to keep the Federal Government out of our  children's educational journey while working to increase the voice of  our parents and families.   As a member of that committee, I will also continue to applaud the  dedicated work of so many educators in this country who have been doing  the right thing by both parents and students for decades. For those  educators and school districts, this legislation changes little; but  for those who see parents as the enemy, this legislation changes much.   Under this legislation, young and impressionable students will be  safeguarded from propaganda and undue influence from those who should  be educating but who have instead chosen to deviate from this  responsibility to pursue a political agenda.   Nearly a century later after the Supreme Court weighed in on this  issue, I am proud to stand here in support of the Parental Bill of  Rights Act, which will reinforce the fundamental rights of parents and  guardians to make the decision that is best for their families and  their children's academic career.   