 Mr. Speaker, Representative Wasserman Schultz and I were  in the Middle East on October 7 of this year. We were part of a  congressional delegation trip led by Senator Joni Ernst, and we went  there to talk about peace. Unfortunately, due to the bloodthirsty  attack by Hamas, we left the region talking about war.   Despite the change in the tone of our trip, we became the first  congressional delegation to visit Israel in the aftermath of the  October 7 attack.   While we were in country, though, we met with family members of  victims of that attack, including David and Noam Peri, a brother and  sister whose 79-year-old father, Haim Peri, was kidnapped by Hamas from  his home in the Kibbutz Nir Oz, a peaceful agricultural town whose name  means meadow of strength in Hebrew, a town whose 400 citizens probably  could be seen prior to the attack taking to the streets to peacefully  protest the prime minister's rightwing government.   On the morning of October 7, that town was anything but peaceful as  the Hamas attack left it smashed up and smoldering with one in four of  its residents either murdered or kidnapped.   That day, Hamas lived up to its definition as a genocidal terrorist  organization as it attacked Israel to kill Jews, to kill the Jewish  society, and to kill peace.   As part of that goal, Hamas attacked Nir Oz and murdered 27 of its  inhabitants and took 73 hostages to Gaza.   At the time of the attack, Haim was not only the leader in that  community, he was also a long-time peace activist for the Israeli- Palestinian issues.   He is the type that would drive sick Palestinians from Gaza into  Israel to be cared for at Israeli hospitals.   A father of five and grandfather of 13, Haim is now most likely  isolated in the dungeons of the Gazan tunnels.   Although Noam Peri describes her father as strong and brave, she also  admits that he is not young. A metalworker by trade, Haim has had two  heart surgeries and now has been without his heart medication for 7  weeks.   I will never forget when we met them. All that Noam was concerned  about was that he didn't have his medication to survive.   Mr. Speaker, it is going to be tough going forward. We hope that the  hostages are released and that there are more pauses in the conflict.   We hope to pass and provide meaningful support and humanitarian  assistance so that Israel can continue to defend itself from the  existential and constant threat of Hamas.   Mr. Speaker, although things may never be the same for Nir Oz, for  Haim, and for the family, we do know that because of its determination  to survive and succeed, the same determination it has shown for over 75  years in its existence, Israel will continue to be that meadow of  strength in the Middle East for peace, for prosperity, and for  democracy.   