 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I have the honor of recognizing a  true Montana hero, Dr. Daniel Edelman. Dr. Edelman is a veteran of the  U.S. Army who was seriously injured on a mission while deployed  overseas as the noncommissioned officer in charge of security and  intelligence of the 1st Military Intelligence Battalion, 1st Infantry  Division.   Despite his severe injuries, Dr. Edelman pursued and obtained  bachelor's, master's, and doctorate degrees, along with several  professional certifications, allowing him to have a long and  distinguished career serving his fellow Montanans.   While serving as chancellor at Montana State University Billings, Dr.  Edelman championed many student causes, with a particular focus on  veterans, disabilities, first-generation, underserved, and Native  American students. He worked with the FBI and other agencies to provide  educational opportunities for victims of human trafficking and also  entered into an agreement for MSUB to partner with the University of  North Texas Health Science Center to identify human remains,  particularly those of murdered Native Americans. Additionally, he  created a veterans success center at MSUB. Dr. Edelman helped raise the  final funds for a science building and student scholarships.   Outside of his work at MSUB, Dr. Edelman volunteers by serving on the  board of Horses Spirits Healing, a nonprofit that helps veterans with  PTSD.   After a career dedicated to serving Montana and our Nation, Dr.  Edelman recently retired from MSUB due to a terminal condition  connected to his time in the U.S. Army. Dr. Edelman truly embodies the  values and the spirit of a Montanan, and I have no doubt that his  legacy of service will continue for many generations to come.   It is my honor to recognize Dr. Edelman, who is here in the Chamber  today in the Gallery with his family. I want to recognize Dr. Edelman  for his service to our great State, our great Nation, and for his  dedication to improving the lives of his students and his fellow  Montanan veterans.   Dr. Edelman, you have made Montana and our country very proud.   