 This weekend, with parades and gatherings, solemn  ceremonies and phone calls to loved ones, America will mark Veterans  Day by expressing our gratitude to the men and women who have served  our Nation in the Armed Forces.   But Veterans Day is much more than a once-a-year observation. It is a  reminder of our daily obligation to honor their service, uphold our  promises to care for them when they come home, and do everything we can  to equip those defending our Nation today and tomorrow for success.   So, today, I am reminded of some letters I have saved in my archives.  They are letters my father sent home to my mother from his own service  in Patton's army in 1945.   With Nazi Germany on the ropes, with peace within reach, my dad was  already seeing firsthand the sorts of threats that would define the  next half century of American history. In the parts of his letters that  made it past Army censors, he told us how the Russians were going to be  a big problem.   Well, today, America faces threats every bit as grave. Like those of  the 1940s, our adversaries today aren't being shy about their efforts  to win the next half century of competition with America and the West.  As one recent analysis summed it up, Russia, China, and Iran are  ``working to end the world order that has prevailed for three  generations under American leadership''--``under American leadership.''   This didn't happen by accident. The Western order of peace and  freedom was delivered by the sacrifices of American servicemembers like  my father and preserved by generations of brave men and women in  uniform ever since.   Right now, we have an obligation to those servicemembers, to our  allies, and to the American people to behave like the world-leading  power we actually are. We have a duty to invest seriously in American  strength. It is time to offer a clear strategy for victory against  Russia and then deliver the resources Ukraine needs to achieve it right  now.  [[Page S5439]]    Putin is not deterred and his imperial ambitions do not end at  Ukraine's border with the NATO alliance. If the United States abandons  our support for Ukraine's resistance, we risk yet another generation of  American forces being veterans of war in Europe.   It is time to get serious about deterring Iran, the world's leading  sponsor of terrorism and the leading sponsor of violence against  American servicemembers in Iraq and Syria.   I welcomed yesterday's strike on an Iranian facility in Syria, but it  will probably take more than striking ammunition warehouses to restore  the deterrence the Biden administration's policies have actually  squandered.   It is time to redouble our efforts to equip allies and partners in  the Indo-Pacific to raise the cost of further aggression from communist  China.   And, as I have said repeatedly, it is long past time to make  commonsense policy changes to address our southern border crisis that  has required U.S. servicemembers to help Border Patrol maintain order.   These are the tasks before us, and they will not get any easier to  address the longer we wait.   