 I can assure my friend from South Carolina that when  Senator Cotton reaches the floor, I will yield to him because he is  time-constrained.   What I want to say is what I have been saying all along this year  since the Biden budget came out. The world is in the most dangerous  situation we have seen since World War II, and this Biden budget, which  is now enshrined in this debt ceiling bill, is woefully inadequate. It  amounts to a cut in defense capability. It sounds like an increase. You  can call it an increase. But inflation is running at 7 percent, and so  we will have to increase defense spending by that much simply to keep  up with what we did last year, and we would have to increase by several  billions more in order to give us the capability we need to prevent war  in the Pacific. So I just have to say that the  [[Page S1863]]  fact that this is being called a victory by some people on our side of  the aisle is absolutely inaccurate.   Pundits around the country have called this budget amount inadequate,  and now, for some reason, because it is part of an agreement the  Speaker has made, it is being applauded. The numbers don't lie.   I will tell you this. I will say this to my friends. We have 3 or 4  years to get ready for the time when Xi Jinping, the dictator  President-for-life in communist China, says he wants to be ready for a  war against the United States, a war to take over the island of Taiwan.   The decisions we make today can be implemented--if we have the  resolve to do them--by 2027, but we need to make those decisions this  year. We don't need to put them off until next year, and we certainly  don't need to say we are going to go with the Biden cuts in readiness  and do 1 percent more next year. That is woefully inadequate.   Let me say this before I yield to my friend from Alaska. It is easy  to hide in the budget--one sentence, and then I will yield to my friend  from Arkansas.   It is easy to hide inadequacies in a defense budget. People still get  their Social Security checks. They still get their paychecks. When it  comes home to roost for us is when a conflict breaks out.   We weren't ready for World War II, and when the flag went up and we  were in a war, suddenly we were way, way behind. We were ready under  President Reagan, and we had peace under President Reagan. When we are  ready, we have the ability to avoid conflict, and this budget simply  does not do that.   I will yield the floor and let my friend from Arkansas seek  recognition.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   