 Madam President, last week, like many of us in here-- many of my colleagues--I spent time meeting with a lot of great folks  back in my home State of Alabama. It was great to be home. It was great  to be able to share the progress my office has made in the first 2  years, as well as my vision and priorities for the 118th Congress.   I visited Huntsville, AL, and had the opportunity to meet with some  of the leaders in defense, education, and business. This included stops  at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center; Alabama A&M University, one of  the top HBCUs in the country; and other important sites, including  businesses in Madison County, AL.   But I would like to take some time today to speak specifically about  one stop on my trip that opened my eyes to a subject we should talk  about more often in this Chamber. The National Children's Advocacy  Center in Huntsville is a global leader in services, investigations,  and counseling for children who suffer physical and sexual abuse. The  center's work is important, and I am proud to share that work today.   I think we can all agree that we want our kids to have access to all  the opportunities that this great country provides. Unfortunately, many  children in Alabama and across the country are robbed of the  opportunity to thrive and pursue their dreams because of abuse and  neglect.   During my visit, the center's executive director, Chris Newlin,  shared that 1 in 10 American children today will be victims of abuse  before the age of 18. This is horrific, it is unacceptable, and it is  embarrassing to our country. These kids don't know what it is like to  have a carefree childhood or loving families who support their goals.  They aren't able to devote energy to school, join in team sports, or  have fun because their only goal in life is just to survive. Not only  are they robbed of their childhood, but many times they are robbed of  their adulthood as well.   Studies show that there are several long-term effects of child abuse.  These include delayed brain development, lower educational success, and  limited career opportunities. Victims are also more likely to suffer  from future abuse, drug usage, and medical complications. Additionally,  they are less likely to own cars, buy homes, or engage in business,  making them less likely to be able to support a family in the future.   Nearly 600,000 kids in the United States were abused in 2021. To  repeat that, 600,000 kids in the greatest country on the face of the  Earth were abused in 2021, with the most common form of abuse being  neglect.   Child abuse cases in Alabama have increased throughout the years,  with more than 12,000 victims reported in 2018, costing the State of  Alabama $3.7 billion. Now, that is up $1.5 billion from just 3 years  earlier. The cost is outrageous. And while we are still collecting data  from the past few years of COVID--and we know how bad that was--we all  know that those numbers are going to be outrageous.   We cannot allow this to continue in the United States of America.  Fortunately, we have people in our State of Alabama who have made it  their mission to help victims of child abuse.   Founded in 1985, the National Children's Advocacy Center, also called  the NCAC, is stepping up to save lives and offer hope to thousands and  thousands of young people. The NCAC in Huntsville has established more  than 1,000 children's advocacy centers in the United States and in 41  countries around the world.   Their work serves thousands and thousands of kids every year, like 7- year-old Benji, who was found unconscious by his grandmother and rushed  to the hospital. There, it was discovered he had broken fingers, a  broken rib, countless bruises, and old bones that had been broken but  never fixed. Doctors determined Benji was also sexually abused.   That night, Benji left the hospital with Julie, who would eventually  become his new foster mom, and arrived at the NCAC the very next  morning for evaluation. Thanks to the work of the dedicated and  selfless professionals in Huntsville, Benji now has a safe and loving  home. He has made tremendous strides in playing with other children and  bonding with family members and their new family kitten, and trusting  his adoptive mother was a huge benefit.   Benji's therapists say he continues to show more confidence and will  likely graduate from therapy in just a few months. There is no telling  how many Benjis there are out there in our world today.   The center's reach does not end in Alabama. It has expanded around  the country and across the world. In 2021, over 30,000 child abuse  professionals from 50 States and 17 countries received NCAC training,  and more than 400,000 children were served. That is just in 2021.  Alabama's network of children's advocacy centers now includes 47  different locations that have conducted tens of thousands of counseling  sessions each year. And, thanks to their work, more abusers have been  brought to justice. Communities with children's advocacy centers have  seen a 196-percent increase in felony prosecutions of child sexual  abuse.   I am confident their work will continue to make tremendous impacts in  our local communities in Alabama and around the world.   So we all have a duty to stand up for our kids. That is our  responsibility. Children are our No. 1 commodity in this country. They  will become the next generation of educators, nurses, doctors, lawyers,  engineers--even Senators, and maybe even President.   And if we are going to have a strong future, we must make sure we  protect and empower this next generation. I commend the team of the  National Children's Advocacy Center for their commitment to giving kids  a fighting chance--a fighting chance--to overcome unthinkable hardships  that most of us never had to realize.   By stepping up to help those who have been left behind, the Center  gives kids the opportunity to dream and pursue better lives. I hope we  all join this group in doing our part to rescue child abuse victims. I  will continue to fight for kids in Alabama and all across our great  country, because they deserve it.   And I want to thank the National Children's Advocacy Center for  reminding me that we all have a part to play in protecting and serving  those who need it most.  [[Page S498]]    I yield the floor.   