 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, recently I visited--as a matter of fact,  this past week I was in South Korea and Taiwan, and I just want to  describe what I learned there and talk about some ideas for advancing  our interests in East Asia.   The trip convinced me even more that our highest priority should be  to cultivate close security and economic relationships with our fellow  Democratic and free market allies and partners in the region. This is  the best way to deter conflict and advance prosperity both in the  United States and across the region.   Let me start by addressing security. There is no shortage of threats  to peace and stability in East Asia, from Kim Jong Un's missile program  to China's threats to Taiwan. And we need to do three things in  response.   First, we need to work closely with our allies and partners in the  region to understand what they need to enhance deterrence and improve  their ability to defend themselves. In South Korea, this means  deepening our 70-year alliance and focusing on new challenges. In  particular, we should look closely at expanding our efforts at missile  defense--missile defense--for South Korea and also for Japan.   In Taiwan, this means accelerating delivery of critical systems that  Taiwan has purchased through our Foreign Military Sales Program. Right  now, they have almost $19.5 billion worth of military hardware that  they have ordered and they are paying for that they are waiting to  receive. Think how important that is. We are talking about F-16s. We  are talking about missile-to-air defense. Think about how important  those things are right now in terms of Taiwan's defense and  deterrence--deterring the PRC's aggressive action in the Taiwan Strait.  It also means thinking creatively with Taiwan's leaders about how we  can jointly develop and produce near-term capabilities that will deter  Chinese aggression as well and also providing training opportunities  for Taiwan's defense forces.   Second, we need to emphasize the importance of a regional strategy  that links like-minded allies, partners, and friends to preserve peace  and stability and support a free and open Indo-Pacific region. We have  longstanding bilateral security alliances with South Korea as well as  Japan, the Philippines, and other countries in the region. Right now,  we are conducting military exercises with the Philippines. So we have  these longstanding relationships and a longstanding defense  relationship with Taiwan as well.   We need to build these alliances. These alliances support U.S.  interests in the region and ensure that we are not forced to operate  from North America when we seek to secure and stabilize the western  Pacific because we have these allies working with us in the region. We  should make every effort to turn our system of bilateral alliances into  a broader network of freedom-loving people across the Indo-Pacific  region.   We applaud the efforts of the Yoon government in South Korea to reach  out to Japan. President Yoon was just recently in Japan to further  strengthen ties between South Korea and Japan. We look forward to  opportunities for trilateral relationships between South Korea, Japan,  and the United States.   And we should look for other ways to work with countries in the  region to deter conflict and secure the seas for trade, including  interoperable military hardware, information sharing, and coordinated  strategies to deter aggression and to secure stability.   Third, we need to continue efforts to modernize our forces, not  because we seek a war in the Pacific but because the best path to peace  is through strength. That is how we deter aggressive actors like the  PRC.   When we are strong, our partners and our allies will find it easier  to strengthen themselves and work with us to keep the region secure.  This means we need to build advanced capabilities that allow our forces  to operate at long distances and in close coordination with our allies  and our partners.   It also means continuing efforts to modernize our nuclear forces,  which  [[Page S1288]]  are foundational to our national security and which allow our allies  and partners to focus on developing conventional capabilities rather  than being tempted to build nuclear arsenals of their own. Our goal is  deterrence, and improving the capabilities of our allies and partners,  developing a regional approach to security and modernizing our own  forces, that provides the best chance to avert future conflict.   In addition to security, I also want to address economic  relationships in the region as well. My trip reinforced my belief that  coordination with our regional allies and partners should not be  limited to military cooperation. We need to maintain strong economic  relationships with our East Asian friends, both because it benefits the  people of the United States and because strong economic relationships  in the region also enhance deterrence and support peace. So it is not  just a military strategy, it is an economic strategy as well.    In particular, we ought to prioritize trade and economic resiliency.  First, we should take steps to advance free-trade agreements in the  region. We all know that China has a large economy and needs markets  for its products, so our ability to cultivate trading relationships in  East Asia not only provides an opportunity for U.S. producers and  manufacturers to make money overseas by exporting their products, it  also ensures that China does not dominate those local economies--and  China needs those markets. So it also puts pressure on China to stop  the aggressive behavior.   Fortunately, we have a bilateral free-trade agreement with South  Korea right now, and it is working very well. When I first visited  South Korea in 2011, we were working to complete the U.S.-South Korea  Free Trade Agreement which went into force in 2012. I am pleased to say  that after more than a decade, the benefits of this agreement are very  clear. South Korea is our sixth largest trade partner, and of  particular importance to my State, South Korea is the largest export  market for U.S. beef, the second largest export for U.S. soybeans, and  the fourth largest U.S. export for U.S. wheat. Taiwan was the eighth  largest overall trade partner in the United States in 2022, and our  seventh largest ag export market. This is a trade relationship that I  worked on for almost 20 years. When I was Governor of North Dakota, I  sent a trade delegation to Taiwan to open markets for North Dakota  products. Today, Taiwan imports significant quantities of U.S. wheat,  soybeans, and corn, much of which, again, comes from my home State of  North Dakota and obviously greatly benefits ag States across America.   The United States does not have a free-trade agreement with Taiwan,  but I believe this is something we should work on, both because it  would enhance an already robust trading relationship with a fellow  market-based economy, and it would provide additional support to Taiwan  during a time of great tension with China.   Next, we should take steps to increase the economic resilience of our  East Asian partners, particularly with respect to energy and food  supplies.   On energy, both South Korea and Taiwan would benefit from better  access to U.S. liquefied natural gas. Stable sources of LNG would help  both of their economies enormously in terms of self-sufficiency. Taiwan  is attempting to get 50 percent of its energy from LNG, and it will  need better LNG supplies as well as an enhanced capacity to store that  LNG. We should also see how we can partner with South Korea to deliver  the benefits of U.S. LNG in the region as well.   On food security, it is important to note that neither South Korea  nor Taiwan are likely to produce adequate supplies of food for their  people because they are a limited land mass, obviously, and will remain  dependent on overseas supplies for ag products. Our ag products do well  in both markets, which is obviously good for our producers and brings  economic stability to the people of South Korea and Taiwan. For them,  secure sources of food truly contribute to their overall security and  are very much a focus on what they are working on right now.   The bottom line is that we face significant challenges in East Asia,  but we should not face them alone. We need to work with our allies and  build this strategy of regional cooperation and regional coordination  to create deterrence, not only in terms of defense but also in terms of  our shared market-based economies.   We actually are celebrating the 70th anniversary of our alliance with  South Korea right now, and in South Korea they refer to it as  ``friends, allies, and partners for 70 years.'' And I think in a recent  poll, the United States in South Korea has an approval rating of about  80 percent. Think about that. That is pretty fantastic. With the  security that we have worked to provide on their economy, it has grown  to be one of the largest, really, in the world.   We have maintained strong defensive ties, and we have maintained  strong economic ties with Taiwan for a decade. And as I say, this is a  tremendous relationship, and it shows, and we are celebrating the 70th  anniversary.   And that should be instructive to us. That should be instructive to  us as to what we can do with other partners in the region. Standing  together with other free market democracies to defend our people and  our values is key to peace and prosperity in the years and decades  ahead for ourselves, for our allies in the Pacific. Standing together,  we are strong. Peace and stability through strength.   I yield the floor.   