 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding  time, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for supporting  this bill.   I appreciate the chance to just take a moment to talk a little more  about the importance of this bill to my district.   The Shasta-Trinity National Recreation Area is in northern  California, part of it in my district and part of it in Mr. LaMalfa's  district. It spans 246,000 acres and includes the Shasta, Trinity,  Lewiston, and Whiskeytown lakes.   It is a recreation paradise. Every year, more than 3\1/2\ million  people visit this area for all manner of outdoor activities, such as  fishing, camping, horseback riding, swimming, paddling, backpacking,  and more.   The area is a fundamental part of our regions' identity and our  economy. It is one of our most popular tourist attractions, and it is  obviously a very vital economic driver.   The U.S. Forest Service and the National Park Service manage the  Shasta-Trinity National Recreation Area and support a large variety of  these recreation opportunities and improvement projects, such as boat  ramp upgrades, public service announcements about boating and water  safety, enhancing accessibility to the lakes for those with  disabilities, floating restrooms, and interpretive and educational  programs.   The marina fees that they use to complete this work also support fire  prevention patrols and fund 15 permanent staff members and 9 seasonal  employees who make it possible for everyone to enjoy the recreation  area.   It is clear how important these fees are to the continued operation  of this regional treasure. My bipartisan bill on the floor today will  extend the Department of Agriculture's ability to collect and hold  these marina fees through the year 2029, allowing them to continue  enhancing recreation and improving access.   This fee retention authority was initially granted back in 2008, and  we have been fortunate enough to extend it through annual  appropriations. That is pretty tenuous funding, and it is not a good  basis on which to plan and implement important, longer-term projects.   The authority we are providing in this bill will provide that long- term stability. It will go a long way toward ensuring certainty and  consistent funding for future projects.   Most of Trinity County is made up of Federally owned public lands,  and its local economy is heavily reliant on the success of this  national recreation area. It is essential that we extend this authority  to collect marina fees and carry out the significant services that they  support.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, especially Mr. LaMalfa, who has  partnered with me on this legislation several years in a row now. I am  grateful to colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working with us  to support outdoor recreation in northern California.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the bill.  [[Page H4256]]        