 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment,  which would increase/decrease funding to express that the Office of  Personnel Management should renew the security clearance of David  Grusch.   Mr. Grusch formerly served as a National Reconnaissance Office  representative to the UAP Task Force, from 2019 to 2021. He recently  testified before Congress, claiming that partial fragments and even  intact vehicles have been found for decades by the Federal Government,  our allies, and defense contractors. According to Mr. Grusch, objects  and vehicles retrieved are of ``exotic origin . . . based on the  vehicle morphologies and material science testing and the possession of  unique atomic arrangements and radiological signatures.''   Mr. Grusch also told us that the U.S. is in possession of ``nonhuman  spacecraft'' and dead pilots.   Finally, Mr. Grusch told us that he has spoken with intelligence  officials whom the U.S. military had briefed about football field-sized  aircraft, that the U.S. Government transferred some crashed UAPS to a  defense contractor, and that intelligence officials were also briefed  on malevolent activity from extraterrestrial beings.   Now, of course, all of this was very interesting to me and a number  of my colleagues on the Committee on Oversight and Accountability. My  first question for Mr. Grusch, when I had the opportunity, was to say  that those were pretty incredible claims, but I am from the Show-Me  State, so he would have to show me. I requested specific information  that could not be conveyed in that hearing but in a secure setting.  Unfortunately, he is unable to provide us with any supporting evidence  to back up his claims because his security clearance has lapsed.   My understanding is that Mr. Grusch did go through the proper  channels by turning over classified information to the IC inspector  general. He ultimately filed a complaint to the IC inspector general,  alleging that the information he presented to the IC has been illegally  withheld from Congress.   Mr. Chair, I would like to know more about these claims, and so would  a number of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle.   I am certainly pleased that the Committee on Oversight and  Accountability is working hard to bring in the relevant inspector  general so we can cut through all the roadblocks that have been  presented since Mr. Grusch stepped forward. We need to cover all  possible angles here, and if we can get Mr. Grusch in a SCIF with an  active security clearance, that would go a long way.   This amendment simply expresses support for the Office of Personnel  Management to renew the security clearance of David Grusch so that he  can show us his work.   As a freshman Member, I have seen a lot of these increase/decrease  amendments. While on its face they appear to not do anything, it is my  understanding that the agencies generally pay attention to the  legislative history and intent, which is why I am offering this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   