 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Westerman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I am honored to support H.R. 1, the Lower Energy Costs  Act, to increase energy production, export American energy, and build  out our infrastructure to transport it.   All of our constituents have seen and felt the impact of the  constraint on and the cost of energy. Sadly, we don't have to go too  far to see the impact of this administration's efforts to harm  domestically produced energy.   From the cancelation of the Keystone XL pipeline, a moratorium of oil  and gas leases on Federal lands, and the self-destruction of our  offshore lease programs, it is hard to imagine just how far this  administration will go to prop up unrealistic, utopian ideas--utopian  ideas that a country could solely exist on wind and solar without oil  and gas.   By the way, there is a whole lot of information on wind and solar  that doesn't get advertised all that much: the fact that the materials  necessary to build those components come from mining that we have  largely prevented ourselves from doing and have to import from  overseas, the cost of the transmission, and the fact that those rotors  on the wind turbines need fossil fuels to continue to operate.  Nevertheless, that is the evangelism we have been given by the current  administration.   Americans are paying the price for this utopian future, and they are  paying it right now. With this just transition to other forms of  unreliable energy, the cost is borne by the most vulnerable among us.   That is why Republicans are leading the way to unleash the full  potential of American energy through H.R. 1. H.R. 1 means no more  begging the Saudis for oil, ignoring the humanitarian crisis in  Venezuela, and forgoing American workers, industry, and expertise.   H.R. 1 means abundant energy for all Americans in an environmentally  responsible way.   Republicans are also leading the way with all forms of energy. That  is why I am thankful for the inclusion of my CLEAN Act in H.R. 1 to  promote the responsible exploration of geothermal resources on Federal  lands.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Westerman for his leadership, and I  look forward to the passage of H.R. 1.   