 Madam President, we have heard story after story this  past month about Hamas's brutal ground attacks on Israel. Hamas  militants murdered Israelis and Americans alike as they stormed places,  from border towns to music festivals. Hamas didn't just attack from the  ground; they continue to rain rockets on Israel. These rockets have  destroyed people's homes, ruptured their livelihoods, and taken their  lives.   Throughout this conflict, Israel's Iron Dome defense system has  played a crucial role. The Iron Dome acts as a shield, detecting  rockets and firing missiles to intercept them before they hit the  ground.   The United States has stood by Israel--our closest ally in the Middle  East--since the country's inception. We have always pledged our support  in times of crisis. So it is critical that my colleagues and I on the  Senate Appropriations Committee work together to ensure that Israel  receives the defensive and offensive capabilities that it has requested  from the United States. That includes replenishing the Iron Dome system  so that Israel is able to protect its people from rocket attacks by  terrorist groups. It includes replenishing Israel's David's Sling  system and investing in the development of the Iron Beam system. These  defensive systems set Israel up for an effective response to the havoc  that Hamas and Hezbollah continue to wreak.   We must provide Israel with the time and resources its government  needs to eliminate those threats. But as we consider the aid we will  provide to Israel, we also need to consider the question, how do we  better position the United States to support our allies as well as  bolster our own defense systems amid the escalating global threats?   A few days after the heinous attacks on Israel, a bipartisan,  bicameral congressional commission released its report on the strategic  posture of the United States. This report, based on the consensus of  respected national security experts from across the political spectrum,  concluded that the United States will be woefully underprepared for the  threats we are facing.   Our two peer nuclear adversaries, Russia and China, have dramatically  expanded their nuclear forces over the decades. They continue to  develop novel nuclear weapons and delivery systems. Meanwhile, the  United States is barely keeping up with modernizing our nuclear forces.   The report emphasized the need to grow our nuclear and conventional  forces and, above all else, to expand our production capability,  including our workforce, supply chain, and infrastructure.   As Senators, we regularly receive briefings and intelligence reports  that clearly outline the threats we face from actors like Russia and  China. I have often said that if the American people had access to more  of this information themselves, they would better understand the nature  and the severity of the threats we face. Investment in national  security would move to the top of their priority list.   These events--the release of a disquieting defense report and the  assault against our ally Israel--should serve as a wake-up call for the  United States of America. We must expand our production capacity to  meet the needs of our country. If we don't expand our production  capacity, we also won't be able to support our allies and our partners  or supply them with the lethal aid they desperately need.   Building out our capacity so we can meet future threats--that is  going to take time, and it is going to take resources. But we can start  now, and we can start by making targeted investments in munitions  production.   The administration's supplemental request includes $25 billion just  to replenish our own weapons stockpiles and expand the critical  munition production capacity--initiatives that, frankly, should have  already begun. Including this funding in the supplemental will be a  step in the right direction.   The supplemental request must bring together our goals of  strengthening our own military readiness, supporting our troops in  Europe and the Middle East, and providing our allies and our partners  with lethal aid. I look forward to  [[Page S5278]]  working with my colleagues to ensure that the supplemental includes  these priorities.   We have been asleep to changes in the global threat environment for  too long, and now is the time to wake up.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   