 Madam President, I rise today really to take a moment  and evaluate the repeated and unfortunately habitual overreach of the  Biden administration.   When our Founding Fathers established our Nation, they were certain  to build a government that rejected undivided sovereignty, or the rule  of a single person. They had the monarchy, and they didn't like it.  This structure features three distinct branches of government: the  legislative branch, where we are here, to create and pass laws; an  executive branch, responsible for enforcing the laws; and a judicial  branch to make certain these laws and actions hold just with our  Constitution.   Typically, this is a lesson we all learn in high school, but it seems  like President Biden and his administration must have missed that  lecture on balance of powers because their actions throughout the last  2 years have shown a lot of disrespect for our Constitution--and  disregard.   A recent analysis by the American Action Forum found that in just 2  years, the Biden administration has imposed 517 regulatory actions-- 517--creating $318 billion in total costs--a figure that massively  outweighs the regulatory costs generated by the last two Presidential  administrations.   Executive overreach has become synonymous with the Biden  administration and has created a desperate need for oversight from our  Republican colleagues here in the Senate, and certainly that is  occurring across the way in the House of Representatives.   We have seen overreach from the Biden administration in areas that  impact just about everything, whether it is how we heat our homes or  whether we are going to have a gas stove or not, how we fuel our cars,  how we educate our children, how we move goods across the country, how  we spend private investments, how we enforce law and order, even how we  define ``water.''   Plain and simple, President Biden and unelected bureaucrats in  Washington are continuously overstepping their boundaries, creating  hurdles and interfering with how we live our everyday lives.   On top of this, congressional Democrats continue to obstruct critical  oversight efforts on these harmful policies, and they are blocking  opportunities for the American people to hear directly from the  administration about policies that impact us directly every day. It is  kind of--it is not ``kind of''--it is very unfair, and it is a  disservice to folks across the Nation who want the leaders to be held  accountable.   In the face of such rampant overreach, my Senate Republican  colleagues and I continue to push back on President Biden's out-of- touch mandates and bring the voices of the American people to the  table.   My colleague from Tennessee, Senator Bill Hagerty, has introduced a  bill that blocks Washington, DC's dangerous and irresponsible rewrite  of their Criminal Code that lessens punishment for violent crimes.   My colleague from South Dakota, Senator John Thune, has introduced a  bill to prohibit the President from canceling outstanding Federal  student loan obligations due to a national emergency.   Another tool at our behest against this unprecedented expansion of  the administrative state is called the Congressional Review Act of  disapproval. It sounds kind of bureaucratic, and it is, but it can be  very, very meaningful.   As you know, through a Congressional Review Act of Disapproval, or  CRA, Congress can vote to overturn rules from the executive branch that  are classified as overreach. My colleague from Indiana, Senator Mike  Braun, has introduced a CRA that would block a recent Department of  Labor rule allowing retirement plan fiduciaries to consider climate  change and other ESG--or environment, social, and governance--factors  in their investment decisions. I don't know about you, but I think most  people who are retired or beginning to retire and looking at their  accounts that they are going to be living on, they would rather see the  returns come in the most  [[Page S547]]  profitable way possible so that they can live out their life. In the  end, that is better for all of us.   This effort would nullify the Department of Labor rule and prevent  similar rules from taking effect. Actions like these have direct impact  on energy-producing States like mine by steering capital away from the  American energy sector. We should be investing in our American energy  sector.   I, too, have introduced my own CRA in response to a repeated  overreach from the Biden administration. Last December, the Biden  administration launched its latest round of regulatory overreach  through the waters of the United States, which we refer to here as the  WOTUS rule. It marked the third major change to the definition of what  waters are in this country and which ones are subject to Federal  jurisdiction. It is the third time this has changed over the last 8  years. Think about if you are in agriculture or if you are in  construction--big impacts.   Like many regulations from this administration, it is very  overreaching. It is misguided, and it is just not necessary. Even  worse, it places an undue burden of uncertainty directly on America's  farmers, on America's ranchers, on America's miners, on America's  infrastructure builders, and, quite simply, American landowners.   The Biden WOTUS rule repeals the 2020 Navigable Waters Protection  Rule that provided predictability and certainty and protected our  waters. Most importantly, it properly implemented the Clean Water Act  by protecting our waterways through coordination and cooperation from  States and the Federal Government.   You may hear that without this new definition, some waters may go  ``unprotected.'' That is not true. It is an insult to our State  officials who know their local ecosystems and have jurisdiction over  their territorial waters.   So what does the new definition really do? It requires more people to  get more permits who can't get permits, and it causes fear of EPA  enforcement actions and frivolous lawsuits from environmental groups.   This all comes at a time when we should be streamlining our Nation's  permitting and review process. Instead, the administration is using  their classic overreach tactics to make more projects subject to  Federal permitting requirements and add more bureaucratic redtape.   My CRA gives every Member of Congress the chance to stand with our  farmers, our ranchers, our landowners, our miners, and our builders. It  is also a chance for us to protect future transportation,  infrastructure, and energy projects all across the country.   For this particular rule, CRA, we have seen widespread support both  in the House and the Senate in an effort to overturn this rule, and I  look forward to having that here on the Senate floor.   As ranking member of the EPW Committee, I have made it a priority to  ensure that the historic investments that we have made in  infrastructure are being implemented as Congress intended.   The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act--we call it here IIJA; we  have an acronym for everything--that we passed in 2021 and the  President signed will benefit all communities by providing our States  with the flexibility needed to upgrade, expand, or modernize our  Nation's core transportation infrastructure. That is why ensuring that  the letter of the law is followed, as we intended it, will be and has  continued to be a high priority for me. We do not want to miss this  moment.   That being said, the Federal Highway Administration, or FHWA,  released a memo a little over a year ago in December that found its way  into numerous guidance documents attempting to enact a wish list of  policies we--when I say ``we,'' I mean the bipartisan EPW Committee-- intentionally negotiated out of the final law.   I, along with the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee  chair, Sam Graves, had announced our intention to formally challenge  this rule. The FHWA heard what we were saying and also heard what their  State transportation folks were saying. So just last Friday, FHWA  released a substantially revised replacement, reversing course from  that December 2021 memo.   The new memo removes the policies that Congress rejected--because it  is not administrative policy, it is congressional law--and issued a  revised memo. And the administration basically admitted that they were  wrong in their attempts to undo the flexibility provided to States in  the law by establishing preferences for certain policies. Building  highways, maintaining highways, creating bypasses, however you want to  do your State--it is different in Nevada; it is different in Indiana;  it is different in West Virginia--we need to give our States the  flexibility.   This is a good example, I think, of the Biden administration knowing  they were overreaching, and they actually corrected that. I am grateful  for that.   As my colleagues and I highlight the continuous level of overreach  this administration has grown comfortable with, I would suggest that  the President reference a U.S. history book and leave the legislating  to the legislators. Until then, my colleagues and I will continue to  stand for the way of life outside the beltway and provide solutions  that strengthen our families and communities instead of having  setbacks.   With that, I yield the floor.   I see my fellow Member of the Senate from Indiana, Senator Braun, is  here to talk on this topic.   Thanks for coming.   