 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, we cannot  [[Page S5487]]  send the message to our allies or to the world that America only stands  by some of its allies, that our word is only good some of the time. We  also cannot send our adversaries the message that they can simply wait  us out, allow us to become distracted, allow our resolve to waiver, and  that the United States will eventually fail to respond to all of the  pressing challenges we face.   Our adversaries are watching carefully to see if we will let Putin  win, and the answer must emphatically be, absolutely not. I have said  it before; I will say it many times again. We cannot just do half our  job here. That is not just wrong, it is dangerous, and it is naive.   There are fundamental flaws in the arguments I have heard from my  colleagues for splitting up this aid. Let's start with this one: the  argument that somehow we haven't debated Ukraine aid, even though we  have been debating this even longer than aid for Israel and even though  we have already been forced to punt this aid to an ally in need before.   Ukraine can no more afford a delay than our allies in Israel. Ukraine  is at a critical point in a brutal war to defend its sovereignty  against Putin's bloody invasion. Abandoning Ukraine is the same as  surrendering to Putin and sends a message that he can invade any  democracy he would like with impunity. Fortunately, Members on both  sides of the aisle do understand this, and clear, overwhelming  bipartisan majorities in both the House and Senate have shown they  support aid for Ukraine.   We absolutely cannot allow Ukraine aid to get left behind yet again  when they are at a critical moment in their heroic fight to protect  their homeland and their future as a sovereign democracy.   If my colleagues really wanted more debate on this, we had a robust  debate last week, and there was a very strong showing from Senators who  discussed at length why it is so important that we keep this aid  together in one package. Here is the key point that was raised time and  again in that debate: The global challenges we face are all connected,  and they are all urgent. We have to be strategic enough to understand  that.   Do you know who met with Putin last month? The leader of Hamas. Do  you know who is watching how committed we are to our allies in Ukraine?  The Government of China.   When it comes to the serious humanitarian crisis in Gaza, let's get  something straight: Making sure people have food and water and medical  care is not just the right and moral thing to do, it is also very  clearly in our national interest, as it promotes long-term stability  and security.   Hamas is hoping we ignore the humanitarian needs in Gaza. It is  hoping it can drive more people to despair and then anger and then,  ultimately, extremism.   In this critical moment, if we only respond to some of the challenges  before us, not only will the other challenges continue to fester, but  we will be sending a dangerous message about the limits of American  leadership in the world.   For our commitments to mean something in the world, they have to be  ironclad. For our adversaries to take American leadership seriously,  they have to know that we will stand by our allies, that we will stand  up for democracy, and that we will stand up to dictators. The way we do  that is by passing a strong, unified security package with support for  Ukraine and Israel, humanitarian assistance, and smart investment in  the Indo-Pacific to support our partners and strengthen deterrence.   I am continuing to work on this package to get it done, and that work  cannot be more important, nor could it be more urgent. If my colleagues  are serious about making sure we act quickly, I urge them to support us  in that effort.    I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following Senators be permitted to speak prior to the scheduled recess:  Senator Merkley, Senator Lee, and Senator Cornyn.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I move to table the motion to proceed to  H.R. 6126.   I ask for the yeas and nays.   