 Mr. Speaker, I rise today during the first Congressional  Black Caucus Special Order of the year to stand in solidarity with the  families and loved ones in support of the safety and security of  American citizens.  [[Page H705]]    Tomorrow, during the State of the Union, I will be joined by Ms.  Pamela Walker, a police accountability advocate and mother of Jayland  Walker, a 25-year-old unarmed Black man from Akron, Ohio, who was  fatally shot 46 times by police in June of 2022.    Jayland Walker was just 25 years old. He was a kind, quiet, and  thoughtful young family man who regularly spent time with his mother,  grandmother, and sister.   He was just beginning to live his life with aspirations of starting  his own business or becoming a professional wrestler.   His mother described him as the son that every mother dreams of,  talked about how proud she was to be his mother.   Ms. Walker is coming to the Capitol in honor of her son, demanding  accountability, public safety, and change so that her son will not have  died in vain or anyone else's son. No mother should ever have to go  through what Ms. Walker experienced.   Despite her unimaginable grief, she has displayed unwavering  strength, dignity, and perseverance.   Mr. Speaker, we must reexamine our institutions, how they operate and  are governed, without the polarizing rhetoric that only leads to  division and not solutions because the longer we are divided and  legislation is not passed, the more lives hang in the balance, and  public safety and security is too important to play with.   We need to create a level of trust where our law enforcement officers  feel like they are a part of the community, and we must also take steps  to improve police accountability.   There is still much work to be done to restore trust between the  police and the communities they serve. That is why I felt it was  important to have Ms. Walker join me tomorrow.   Let her presence signify that enough is enough. We, as a Nation, have  reached an inflection point because too many lives have been lost.   I join my colleagues in calling for robust reexamination of our  policing system, wholesale public safety policies, and bipartisan  national solutions to this issue before more lives are lost.   