 Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 1, the Lower Energy Costs Act.   My goal as the chair of Energy and Commerce Committee is to make sure  Americans have access to affordable, reliable energy. This was a key  promise in the House Republicans' ``Commitment to America,'' and we are  hitting the ground running to deliver on that promise. This is just the  beginning.   Energy is foundational to everything. For centuries it has driven  human progress and development. It is why America has done more to lift  people out of poverty and raise the standard of living than anywhere  else in the world.   Today, over 3.7 billion people are living in energy poverty. That is  half the world. They have a 10-year lower life expectancy, 35 percent  fewer years of education, and many don't have electricity at all.   Here in the United States of America, we are blessed with the ability  and the resources to continue to raise the standard of living globally  and even lift people out of poverty.   Our goal today is to celebrate how our abundant energy resources have  unleashed prosperity and invited people from around the world to come  across the globe to America to achieve their hopes and dreams.   We have accomplished this as a leader in reducing emissions and with  the highest environmental and labor standards in the world. We cannot  afford to move backward with a reckless command-and-control so-called  climate agenda that forces people to pay more and go without reliable  electricity.   H.R. 1 prioritizes the American people over this radical climate  agenda.   On his first day in office, President Biden started a war on American  energy. Predictably, gas prices skyrocketed to the highest levels in  American history. President Biden revoked the permit for the Keystone  XL pipeline, imposed a moratorium on oil production on Federal lands,  and directed agencies across the Federal Government to impose punitive  and burdensome regulations.   As the American people suffered, President Biden turned to OPEC and  Russia to boost supplies. In the face of Russia's aggression, President  Biden looked the other way and green-lit the Nord Stream 2 pipeline,  emboldening Russia to attack Ukraine. The CCP now is deepening ties  with Russia and consolidating its control over more than 90 percent of  the world's critical mineral supplies.   To win the future, we cannot allow our energy security to be  surrendered to our adversaries. H.R. 1 sends the strong and  unmistakable signal to restore American energy dominance and bolster  our national security. H.R. 1 will unleash American energy, lower  costs, and secure our supply chains. This package helps lift barriers  to expanding our energy supplies, remove red tape for exporting and  importing LNG, and build more pipelines with our North American allies  and across the States.   It would repeal President Biden's burdensome natural gas tax, which  will harm communities, shut down production, and raise prices across  the entire economy.   H.R. 1 will encourage innovation and production of critical materials  here at home to cut China out of our energy supply chains and ensure  America is leading the world in innovation and next-generation energy  technologies.   We have heard a lot of talk, and Democrats are forcing a so-called  transition that requires the American people to suffer through supply  chains and price hikes. What Republicans are offering through H.R. 1 is  a commitment to energy expansion that will deliver on lower costs and  reliable and affordable energy.   The fact is, higher costs are making life unaffordable for  hardworking people in this country while forcing us to be dangerously  reliant on Chinese supply chains that are dirtier and use slave labor.   I think about the farmer who told us that this so-called climate  agenda is raising the cost of food and making it harder for farmers to  feed our families; an advocate who shared with our committee that  record-high energy costs hurt low-income and minority families the  most; and the mayor of Midland who told us her community is thriving  because of the investment in jobs the oil and gas industry brings.   We must embrace and expand America's position as the number one  energy producer in the world while continuing our leadership to reduce  emissions.   People all over this Nation are counting on us for a better quality  of life. With H.R. 1, we will boost energy production, lift regulatory  burdens for the construction of more energy infrastructure, cut China  out of our critical material supply chains, and lower costs across the  board. This is how we build a more secure future for Americans.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of H.R. 1, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Pfluger), a  [[Page H1544]]  leader on the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Palmer), who is a leader on the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 15  seconds to the gentleman from Alabama.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. Lesko), who is a leader on the Energy  and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Crenshaw), who is a leader on the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    Madam Chair, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Duncan), chairman of the  Subcommittee on Energy, Climate, and Grid Security.    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs. Miller-Meeks).   