 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1, the polluters  over people act.   Besides increasing the deficit by $2.4 billion, this bill eviscerates  bedrock environmental protections.   These protections are in place for a reason. My community has been  stifled by decades of environmental abuses, and as a result, economic  growth in many areas is a challenge and the health and safety of my  constituents are at risk.   My district was once a thriving manufacturing community, but  factories dumped waste in rivers, buried toxic materials, and disposed  of materials with no oversight. Now my district is littered with  abandoned factories, fragile ecosystems, and unusable land.   Sites once used for industrial, manufacturing, or commercial uses  have been abandoned or underutilized due to known or suspected  contamination of the past.   Environmental liabilities have been preventing developers and  investors from restoring these properties to productive use and  revitalizing impacted communities.   During my time in Congress, I have fought to bring back millions of  dollars to my district for brownfield remediation in places like  Waterbury, New Britain, and Torrington. Places where asthma-related  illnesses are on the rise  [[Page H1555]]  as a direct result of environmental factors.   We are working to clean decades of pollution in the rivers of the  Housatonic, Naugatuck, and Farmington valleys. These once-blighted  properties have been transformed into fisheries, art spaces, and even  affordable housing.   After years of hard work, we were able to secure wild and scenic  designations for miles of rivers in Connecticut. My State is literally  beginning to breathe again.   This legislation rolls back environmental protections and regulations  and gives billions in handouts to Big Oil and Gas.   In Connecticut's Fifth, we are learning hard lessons about cleaning  up environmental messes of the past.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this dangerous and harmful  legislation, and for us to listen to the science and follow what we  already know to be true.   