 Madam Chair, I rise in strong support of this  bill because this legislation will restore and secure American energy  independence.   I am especially supportive of this bill's provisions to modernize the  NEPA process. Look how long it takes for many of the permits to  actually be approved. It streamlines the Federal permitting process for  all industries. These commonsense reforms will provide the necessary  certainty so projects across the Nation are carried out in a timely  manner without sacrificing our environmental standards which are the  most robust in the world.   This will be critical for jurisdictions like mine in Puerto Rico, as  we rebuild our public and energy infrastructure from recent natural  disasters. Modernizing NEPA and the Federal permitting process--setting  clear and reasonable timelines for agencies to conduct environmental  reviews--will help simplify the process and reduce bureaucratic hurdles  that too often have delayed our recovery process.   This bill will also establish a revenue-sharing structure for  offshore wind leases in Federal waters. I was proud to work with  Chairman Westerman during our committee markup to secure language  clarifying that both coastal States and territories will receive  revenues from any Federal offshore wind development off their coasts.   Specifically, this bill establishes a framework under which coastal  States and territories will get funds for these offshore wind revenues.  This bill further requires that States and territories invest these  funds in coastal protection and resiliency projects, such as hurricane  and flood protection, restoration, conservation, beach nourishment, and  estuary management.   Therefore, this is not just an energy security and permitting reform  package. This is also a coastal resiliency bill. For that reason, and  knowing that we got billions of dollars in Federal funding for  reconstructing the island, this is the process we need, this is the  reform we actually need to get those funds in hand.   I thank and commend Majority Leader Scalise, Chair Westerman, Chair  Rodgers and Chair Graves for their leadership and work on this  important, powerful legislation.   I wish I could vote for this bill on the floor of the House today,  but as a territory delegate I cannot, but I support this bill.   