 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Ann Wagner  for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 406, the Providing  Appropriate Recognition and Treatment Needed to Enhance Relations,  PARTNER, with ASEAN Act.   This is a bill that I introduced with my colleague, Representative  Castro. I thank Ranking Member Meeks, and my colleague, and chairwoman  of one of our committees, Ann Wagner, but more importantly, for her  leadership on the ASEAN Caucus.   Mr. Speaker, much has been talked about with the importance of this  legislation, but I think it is worth repeating that this bipartisan  legislation extends the diplomatic privileges and immunities to the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations under the International  Organizations Immunities Act.   Similar international organizations such as the European Union, the  Organization of American States, and the African Union currently enjoy  these diplomatic privileges, but not ASEAN.   As chairwoman of the Indo-Pacific Subcommittee, I believe this  legislation is a step in the right direction for improving America's  standing in the Indo-Pacific and addressing the economic and security  threats posed to the region by the CCP and their Belt and Road  Initiative. To counter the Belt and Road Initiative, we must prioritize  trade, economic, and diplomatic relations with Southeast Asian  countries.   Without meaningful U.S. engagement and presence in the region, we  will leave the region little choice but to turn to the CCP, whose  conditions for these countries are erosion in democratic institutions  and threats to their sovereignty.   This bill, while simple in scope, will signal to the region that the  United States stands ready to engage in meaningful trade and have more  discussions about security and human rights.   I thank my colleague, Representative Castro, coauthor of this bill,  for his work on this legislation.   I join with my colleagues in saying that I am sorry that he could not  be here to witness this legislation pass the House. I wish him a speedy  recovery and look forward to getting back to work with him once he  returns to the House.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   