 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last week, an overwhelming 91 Senators  voted to begin debate on the bipartisan appropriations package--a  package of bills that each passed the Appropriations Committee  unanimously. But then a few Senators decided to object to a run-of-the- mill procedural request, threatening to derail our months of hard work,  halt our return to regular order, and prevent the full Senate from  having a chance to debate and offer amendments and vote on our  appropriations bills.   The senior Senator from Maine and I have been working hard to make  sure we have a robust amendment process with amendments from Democrats  and Republicans. And so many Senators have been working with us in good  faith so we can debate their ideas for how to make these bills  stronger. That is how this process should work.   But in the wake of continued obstructions from a very small handful  of Senators, we can't get started discussing those amendments without  this vote on a motion to waive rule XVI.   So I hope all of our colleagues who voted to move forward last week  will join us for cloture and for this motion so we can avoid an omnibus  and keep our bipartisan process on track, because that is really what  this vote is. It is a vote to keep us on track, and that should be a  really simple choice.   Do you want to continue our return to regular order and move forward  with the appropriations bills that we have all spent months putting  together in an open, bipartisan way, or do you want to halt the  Senate's appropriations bills and essentially set up another massive  12-bill omnibus at the end of the year?   I have heard the complaints from a very small handful of Members who  are trying to derail this process, but I have not heard any--any-- realistic alternatives from them for us to pass the Senate's funding  priorities in a more open and bipartisan process than what the senior  Senator from Maine and I have worked so hard to provide.   We held nearly 50 hearings in the committee. We televised those  markups for the first time ever so people back home can follow along-- complete with debate and amendments--and see what we are doing here. We  were transparent. Our doors have been open the whole time--in fact,  they still are--for Members who have ideas on how to make these bills  stronger.   The vice chair and I went through great pains to give every single  Senator the chance to weigh in on them. And I am pleased to say a lot  of our colleagues took that opportunity. You shared your thoughts, your  ideas. You shared the needs, the concerns of your families back home-- all of which helped to make all these bills stronger.   That is why, even though the Appropriations Committee has everyone,  from strong liberals to staunch conservatives, all 12 of our funding  bills passed with overwhelming bipartisan support. In fact, every bill  in the package before us passed the committee unanimously.   That is a very different process from where we ended up in the past  few years and from what we will end up with again if we can't keep  these bills moving forward.   To everyone who wishes these bills came to the floor even sooner--and  I think we all understand how it feels to wish things moved faster  around here--I hope you will vote with us today to prevent any further  delays that will derail this process and would lead us, then, of  course, to an omnibus. After all, wishing the Senate was faster is no  reason to slow us down now.   And to those saying the bills spend too much money, these bills are  written to the bipartisan deal that was struck by the President and  Speaker McCarthy that we all voted on just a few months ago. These  aren't the bills I would have written. They enact cuts across so many  of the programs that I care deeply about. But that was the deal that  the President and the Speaker shook hands on. If you don't like them,  vote no on the bill.   I have heard from so many colleagues, including in speeches given  right here on the Senate floor, about how they hate getting jammed at  the end of the year with a 12-bill omnibus, about how we have got to  return to regular order. And I have worked really hard with the senior  Senator from Maine, with all of our chairs and ranking members on the  Appropriations Committee, all of our committee members on both sides of  the aisle, and every Member of this body who has come to my door to get  us moving in that direction, to keep up our return to regular order.   I think we can get there. And I think moving forward with this  package will show the American people we are serious about getting  there. But it depends on this vote because if, after all the work we  have done over the last months to make sure every Senator can have  their voice heard, moving all 12 appropriations bills through our  committee in an open, bipartisan way and having 91 Senators vote to  move forward with this package--if after all of that--we let a handful  of Senators toss out months of hard work to move us closer to regular  order, abandon an overwhelming bipartisan effort to do something as  basic as funding our government, and cause chaos that puts us all on a  collision course for another omnibus, well, frankly, I think that sends  a very bleak message for the future of this body and whether we will  ever be able to truly break through the pattern of dysfunction and  partnership that we all hate.   We have got to get back to regular order. We have got to get back to  bipartisanship. We have to get back to helping people in solving  problems, just like we all came here to do.   This vote is our chance to break that pattern, to avoid another  omnibus, and to make sure the Senate and all of its Senators and all  the people we represent have their voices heard and concerns addressed  in our Nation's funding bills.   So I urge my colleagues who joined me in putting this bill together,  all of my colleagues who voted with me last week to get started with  debate and amendments, to join me in pushing back against a small  handful of Senators who are objecting to moving forward and who want to  stop us dead in our tracks.   I hope everyone votes for cloture, votes for the motion to suspend  rule XVI, and keep us on track.   I ask unanimous consent to begin the vote.    Madam President, I thank the majority leader.   Let's be clear. The three bills in that package are not partisan  bills. This was not some secretive process. We drafted these bills  through an open, bipartisan process. We held hearings. We held markups  for the first time in years. We kept our doors open to any Member with  thoughts or concerns. So it is very frustrating to see that this  bipartisan effort got derailed today despite all of that work and  despite the overwhelming consensus last week that we wanted to all get  started on this package.   All of our colleagues and their staffs who spent long hours working  on these bills in good faith deserve better. More importantly, all of  our constituents who sent us here to advocate for them, to work  together, and to solve problems deserve better.   I will keep fighting to make sure we do right by our constituents and  keep our regular appropriations process moving here in the Senate. As  my colleagues know, I don't give up easily, and I am not going to give  up here either. I am going to keep pushing with everything I have got  to pass the spending bills that so many of us have spent so much time  working on to get our communities the resources they need.   Yet I do have to say today that I am deeply disappointed. I am not  new to politics. I am not new to tough votes or setbacks. I know that  this work is never easy, but it is really unfortunate that this  overwhelming bipartisan process and this package of bills that passed  unanimously has been stymied by the objections of just a few Senators.  That is upsetting, and it is pretty hard to square with a lot of the  talk that we hear all the time about wanting to work together, wanting  to break the pattern of partisanship, wanting to help people, wanting  to solve problems, to say nothing of how some of our loudest  complainers who have been talking big about their commitment for us to  return to regular order and who have been railing against these omnibus  bills at the end of the year have led the effort to halt our best shot  in years of actually getting closer to regular order and, instead,  possibly setting us on a collision course for another massive omnibus.   While this full package may not be moving forward right now through  this process, I will not stop working to return this process back to  regular order and keep things moving. I will keep talking to colleagues  about how we get all 12 of our bipartisan spending bills across the  finish line here in the Senate. I will keep working to see if we can  get that consent agreement that will allow us to move forward on this  package.   As we get closer to September 30, I am working hard to make sure we  chart a bipartisan course for a CR and supplemental funding package so  that we can avoid a damaging and completely unnecessary shutdown and  reject the devastating cuts from the House Republicans that would gut  everything from heating assistance to FAA funding, to the Social  Security Administration, and so much more, and that will provide  critical resources for things like disaster relief and wildland  firefighters and our allies in Ukraine.   I came to Congress to help people and solve problems. That is what  gets me up every day in the morning. It is what I am focused on at  every meeting I have, in every bill I write, and in every vote I take.  And while this vote a few minutes ago sent a disheartening message  about the state of things, it will not be the last word, because I  won't let it be, and I know many of my colleagues will not either.   One thing I have seen over and over again in my time here is, if you  want progress, you don't leave the table, and you keep working. So I am  going to stay at the table. I will keep working. Right now, we have to  get a bipartisan CR and a supplemental package done. That is a  priority.   But I hope and I believe, through the work that we do, that we will  show the American people there are still Senators on both sides of this  aisle determined to get our work done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   