 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this past Friday, tens of thousands  of pro-life Americans came to Washington, DC, to march for the 50th  consecutive year to be a voice for the voiceless. They marched because  the pro-life movement did not end with the overturning of Roe v. Wade  last summer. They marched because the end of Roe v. Wade represents a  new beginning.   Thanks to the Supreme Court's decision in Mississippi's Dobbs case,  for the first time in 50 years, the fate of the lives of millions of  unborn children now rests not in the hands of unelected Federal judges  but in the American people and their elected representatives.   I am grateful for the more than a dozen States that have answered the  call, including my State of Mississippi, where babies in the womb are  now legally protected even at their earliest and most vulnerable  stages. But the fight for life also continues here in our Nation's  Capital and here in the U.S. Senate. That is why it makes sense that,  this year, the March for Life's route ended not at the U.S. Supreme  Court, as in years past, but here in Congress.   As the chairman of the Senate Pro-Life Caucus, I am committed to  fight for compassionate legislation to protect unborn children and  their mothers. We will be a firewall against the radical abortion  agenda of Senate Democrats and hold the Biden administration  accountable for its reckless and illegal pro-abortion policies.   The contrast could not be clearer. Last week, the U.S. House of  Representatives passed legislation that would guarantee the same basic  medical care to babies who are born alive after an attempted abortion  as would be given to any other baby born in any other circumstance. I  am appalled that 210 House Democrats voted against this humane  legislation. Apparently, even infanticide is no longer a bridge too  far.   In addition, this month, the Biden administration's FDA rubberstamped  the reckless distribution of chemical abortion drugs by mail and  telemedicine, as well as retail pharmacies, without ever seeing a  doctor in person. This decision turns retail pharmacies and post  offices into abortion clinics.   The FDA's action provides no safeguards to screen by ultrasound for  dangerous ectopic pregnancies and abandons pregnant women to suffering  life-threatening complications alone. These can include severe  bleeding, infection, potential surgical intervention, and even death.   The FDA's promotion of dangerous do-it-yourself abortions is not only  unsafe, it is illegal. Specifically, the decision violates longstanding  Federal criminal laws that clearly prohibit the mailing of abortion  drugs. This decision puts the profits and political agenda of the  abortion industry over the science and clear evidence that abortion  drugs present grave dangers to pregnant mothers and certainly their  unborn babies.   Later this week, I will introduce the SAVE Moms and Babies Act to  reverse the FDA's reckless and illegal action and, at minimum, restore  the basic health and safety requirement for these dangerous abortion  drugs, which should never have been approved.   The issue of abortion gets to the heart about what it means to be  human. Who counts as one of us? Why can brutally killing a baby before  birth be justified simply because the baby is inconvenient, imperfect,  unwanted, unplanned, or dependent on her mother?   Rather than answer these questions about the humanity of the child in  the womb--the child sucking her thumb, the child whose heart is  beating, and the child whose sonogram pictures are cherished as proof  of life--the abortion industry wants you to look away from the baby.   Over the past year, we have witnessed millions of dollars of  political advertisement spent to promote lies and fearmongering about  the pro-life movement and pro-life laws and that try to pit unborn  children against their own mothers.   As a mother, a woman, and a Senator, I know we must refute these  lies, because each unborn child is not a threat but a blessing, a  unique and unrepeatable individual created in the image of God.   In addition, the pro-life movement cares for both pregnant moms and  their unborn babies. More than 2,700 pregnancy centers across the  country provide critical medical and material support for women and  families facing unplanned pregnancies. Several of my colleagues have  already introduced commonsense measures to support pregnant moms and  families, including through pregnancy centers.   As we move on from this year's March for Life and into a post-Roe  era, we will never rest and we will never stop fighting until every  unborn child is protected under our laws from the lethal violence of  abortion.   I yield the floor.   