 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, there are  some fundamental flaws in the arguments my colleagues are making for  the Senate to do only half of its job, to say nothing of the partisan,  so-called pay-for here--which is a giveaway to billionaires--that  actually costs our Nation money and sets a dangerous precedent that our  allies are fair game to be used as partisan bargaining chips.   First, we should not be pitting funding for Israel against funding  for Ukraine and other needs. There is no need given the widespread  support for providing assistance to both nations on both sides of this  aisle. There is strong support for providing the assistance the  President requested for Israel, and there are also bipartisan  supermajorities in both the House and Senate in favor of Ukraine aid.  That is because most of us on both sides of the aisle understand that  while there are important differences, the challenges we and our allies  are facing around the world today are connected.   Just last month, over 300 House Members voted for Ukraine aid, so  pretending that this doesn't have the votes to pass the House simply  doesn't pass muster. There is strong support here in Congress to  address these urgent priorities in one package, and that is exactly  what I am working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do  right now.   Secondly, our allies in Ukraine can no more afford a delay than our  allies in Israel. Ukraine is at a critical point in a brutal war to  defend its sovereignty against Putin's bloody invasion. We must not  give Putin a win and throw Ukraine to the wolves for political  expediency. After all, what sort of message does it send about our  commitment to our allies if we delay Ukraine aid further, especially  after we have already missed our earlier opportunities to get this  done?   For American leadership to have any weight in the world, our word has  to mean something. Our commitments have to be ironclad. That means we  do not abandon our allies in their time of need, period.   Failing to stand by Ukraine now will only embolden Putin and other  dictators looking to trample democracies, which brings me to my last  point.   While the challenges we and our partners face across the globe have  different natures and nuances, we have to be strategic enough to  understand that they are connected, they are urgent, and they should be  addressed as part of one package.   The Chinese Government is watching how we respond to Putin's  aggression in Ukraine. Putin is wanting the Hamas attack to give him an  opening to distract the world from aiding Ukraine against his brutal  invasion.   In fact, we know that a Hamas delegation visited Moscow recently. So  let's stop pretending there is no common thread.   And, make no mistake, Hamas is hoping that we ignore the humanitarian  needs in Gaza so it can drive people to despair and anger and,  ultimately, extremism.   When it comes to humanitarian aid, making sure that people have food  and water and medical care isn't just the right and moral thing to do.  It is also very clearly in our national interest, as this promotes  long-term stability and security, combatting hopelessness that can  spiral into new threats.   Our adversaries are watching closely to see whether we have the  vision to recognize how these crises are related and the resolve to  come together and respond forcefully to them. We need to send a strong  message, and the way we do that is by passing a strong security  package. We are working together right now to get that done, and I urge  all of our colleagues to support us in those efforts.    Mr. President, for all of these well-stated reasons, I  object.    Mr. President, I am going to ask unanimous consent, but  before I do, I just want to respond to the Senator and say we have a  proposal that covers Israel, humanitarian aid, Ukraine, and the border.  We are working to get that done, and I welcome the input from our  Republican colleagues so that we can be a strong United States of  America and address the issues we all need to address.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 2 minutes prior to the vote, followed by Senator Sanders, who will  speak for up to 10 minutes.    Mr. President, I have always strongly advocated for the  NIH because I know the work that they do--as so many world-class  institutions, including several in Washington State--isn't just cutting  edge; it is lifesaving. This Agency, the NIH, holds the hope and future  of patients across the country in its hands. So it is of the utmost  importance to me to make sure we have an experienced leader at the helm  of NIH, and Dr. Bertagnolli is an excellent choice to lead the Agency  at this critical moment. You need a steady hand to be a cancer surgeon  after all.   Her credentials go far beyond her record of accomplishment as an  oncologist. She is a respected researcher and a proven leader. She has  served on the board of directors of the American Society of Clinical  Oncology, the American Cancer Society, and the Prevent Cancer  Foundation. She was the CEO of Alliance Foundation Trials, LLC, a not- for-profit focused on making sure rural communities are included in  clinical studies. Of course, now she is the head of the National Cancer  Institute, where she has led the research strategy and goals for  President Biden's Cancer Moonshot Initiative.   In addition to that which she brings to this role, she also brings a  strong personal connection, which she spoke about at our HELP Committee  hearing. She brings the personal experience of growing up in a rural  community, where she watched her uncle travel across the State to  provide care to patients and where she watched her father fight cancer  while care was far from home. And she brings the most recent personal  experience of receiving a cancer diagnosis and then of receiving care  that was made possible by NIH research.   It is clear that those experiences will inform how she approaches her  new role at the NIH, and I know patients will be better for it.   I also want to take a moment to recognize that, in the field of  biomedical research, where women have long been severely  underrepresented both in clinical trials and in the workforce, it will  be truly meaningful to have such an accomplished woman serving in a  role that has real power to tackle issues like improving diversity in  clinical trials, fighting sexual harassment that has pushed too many  women out of the field, and tearing down other barriers to achievement  and equal representation for women in medical research.   Dr. Bertagnolli is the right person to ensure the NIH stays on the  cutting edge of innovation and research and fulfills its critical  mission to promote health, improve equity, keep our Nation competitive,  and give patients across the world real hope for the future. She has  the experience in medicine, research, and management needed for this  role. Most importantly, she has a deep understanding of what the NIH's  work means for families in this country who are counting on medical  breakthroughs.   I am proud to be voting yes. I urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   