 Madam President, I rise with my colleagues today to  continue to fight for women in every part of our country to once again  be able to make their own healthcare decisions because ever since  Republicans succeeded in their decades-long effort to overturn Roe v.  Wade and drag our country back a half a century and rip away the right  to abortion for women across the country, we have heard one horror  story after another: women left suffering, waiting for the care that  they need; doctors worried that they could face jail time for doing  what is best for their patients; abortion providers who are overwhelmed  by patients who are having to wait weeks for limited appointments and  travel hundreds of miles for care.   Republicans have ushered in a crisis. It is a nightmare for women,  for patients, and for doctors alike. And make no mistake, it is a  choice extreme Republicans have made.   They fought for decades to overturn Roe. They passed the dangerous  abortion bans that are causing this pain for women and families, and  they are choosing to continue their nonstop efforts to strip women of  control over their own bodies. Every day, extreme Republican  politicians come out with some new awful idea to make women's lives  worse.    Here in Congress, Senate Republicans introduced a national abortion  ban last year. This Congress, one of the first bills the Republican  House voted on was a Federal abortion ban. In just the few months since  Roe was overturned, extreme abortion bans have gone into effect in 14  of our States, stripping over 20 million women of reproductive age of  the ability to get abortion care in their own State.   And, by the way, transgender and nonbinary patients who already face  so many challenges getting the healthcare they need in this country are  being harmed by these bans as well. We are talking about truly cruel  bans that set bounties for information about anyone who gets an  abortion or helps provide one and bans that even lack exceptions for  rape or incest or the life and well-being of the mom.   Republican bans have tripled the average travel time for patients to  get the abortion care they need since Roe was overturned. And they have  been especially challenging for communities that already face barriers  for the care they need: patients with tight budgets who cannot afford  to pay for travel and lodging hundreds of miles away from where they  live; Black women who already suffer much higher maternal mortality  rates; patients in rural and Tribal areas who aren't close to providers  to begin with; and patients with disabilities, to just name a few.   Now they are going further, seeking to pass new bans to try to get  around State court rulings and laws to get around the fact that their  own constituents backed the right to abortion in statewide votes just  last year. When extreme Republicans can't convince the American people  to get on board with their extreme agenda, they have shown that they  will try to force it on women across the country with threats and  intimidation and outrageous lawsuits.   Extreme Republican attorneys general, for example, are suing the  Biden administration because they told pharmacists they can't  discriminate against pregnant patients and because they made it clear  when a woman's life is at stake, doctors are required to provide  lifesaving abortion care. And, of course, there is the extreme  Republican lawsuit that seeks to take away an important abortion  medication for patients nationwide--nationwide--effectively creating a  nationwide ban on the most common way patients get an abortion. Twenty- two Republican attorneys general and, by the way, 67 Republicans right  here in Congress have filed a brief supporting that lawsuit, supporting  overriding experts at FDA to take a safe, effective abortion medication  away from women nationwide, to take it away from my constituents in  Washington State.   People across the country have already made it crystal clear they  will not stand for Republicans' extreme agenda. In fact, last November,  abortion rights won in every single place they were on the ballot-- every single place they were on the ballot.   Democrats won't stand for Republican attacks either. We are committed  right here to being a firewall in the Senate against the House  Republicans' extreme attacks on abortion. We refuse to accept a future  where our daughters and granddaughters have fewer rights than we did.   We refuse to accept that any patient's right to control their own  body depends on a State that they live in or the money in their bank  account. That is why today Democrats are reintroducing the Women's  Health Protection Act because the Dobbs decision was not the beginning  of this fight, and it was not the end--far from it. We have to restore  Roe for women in every corner of our country, and that is exactly what  this bill does. It follows the Constitution and nearly half a century  of precedent and gives patients the right to get an abortion and  doctors the right to provide that care no matter where they are in  America.   Some Republicans want us to just get used to women being forced to  stay pregnant, no matter their circumstance, no matter what it means  for their health or their family or their hope for the future. Some  Republicans are hoping that this will all become normal.   Well, I have got news for them. Never, never will that happen. We  will not be quiet. We will not give up. We are going to keep coming  back as many times as it takes to end this chaos and return control of  women's bodies to women. I promise, every single time we have to come  back to this floor to lay bare the horrors of these extreme abortion  bans they are inflicting on women and patients in this country, we will  get louder.   So I urge all my Republican colleagues, start listening to the  American people, start acknowledging the pain that these abortion bans  are causing. Let's pass this critical bill to make things right.   I can't say that I expect them to listen to us, but I can guarantee  you, if they don't, we will be back.   I yield the floor.   