 Madam President, as you well know, because we have  talked about it, our childcare system is simply broken. It is not  working for families across our country, and we face a crisis now that  continues to grow worse.   I have said that many times--many times--and I will say it again and  again and again until we fix this broken system for good. And I am not  the only one here in Congress who feels that way. Earlier this month,  48 of my Senate colleagues sent a letter to me and Vice Chair Collins,  Leader Schumer, and Leader McConnell urging us to include childcare  funding in any emergency supplemental.   Today, many of them are joining me here on the Senate floor to lift  up the  [[Page S5663]]  concerns that we are hearing from parents and making the case for  providing robust childcare funding without delay.   We cannot pretend that childcare is any less urgent than the other  challenges that we face. For every parent, childcare is a do-it-now  problem, not a do-it-later problem. We need to treat it the same way  here: urgent and essential.   Parents can't wait. They have to go to work tomorrow. They need  accessible options now. Childcare workers cannot wait. They have to pay  rent this month. They have to put food on their table tonight. They  need a salary that lets them take care of their own families and that  lets them keep doing what they love, instead of taking higher pay in  retail or food services to keep their families afloat.   Providers can't wait. Their margins are already razor thin. If they  don't get the support they need to cover operating costs until after  they have raised prices and cut off families, after workers have  already left, or after they are forced to close their doors, well, it  is too late.   The writing on the wall is right now in big, bold letters. The  childcare crisis is only going to get worse unless we take action and  soon.   Childcare providers across the country are hanging on by a thread,  especially now that our stabilization funding has expired, cutting off  the lifeline that helped 220,000 providers stay open and helped provide  childcare to nearly 10 million kids, while raising wages for childcare  workers and lowering prices for working families.   If childcare centers don't get the support they need to make ends  meet, the options for children and families is not pretty. We are  talking about a very real possibility that childcare centers have to  reduce the pay for their staff, lay off staff, serve fewer kids and  families, raise their prices, or, in many cases, just simply shut their  door.   This is a huge problem for working parents who can scarcely find  childcare as it is. And even if they can find openings, that doesn't  mean they can afford them. In fact, the already high cost of childcare  is only getting worse. The latest data shows that in September,  childcare prices jumped by the largest percent in a year. That means  parents--especially moms--are feeling the crunch, and far too many are  going to be forced to leave their job or unable to return to the  workforce because it just doesn't square with their family finances.   Back in my home State, I have heard so many stories of families who  are struggling with this. I just read a story about two parents, Lara  and Rob. Rob had to leave his company to get a more flexible schedule  because childcare was too expensive. So he and Lara have to trade off  shifts and work fewer hours to make sure someone is watching the kids.  And they are far from the only ones struggling with this.   The KUOW article featuring their story this week also mentioned a  woman named Monica--she is a therapist and former childcare worker who  trades off working and watching the kids with her husband who is a  police officer--and Skye, who is also trading off shifts with her  husband since their childcare provider closed.   As she put it, ``I definitely can't pay for soccer and my mortgage  and some child care. I have to pick. So we've chosen soccer and  mortgage and putting together this bizarre schedule where my husband is  exhausted all the time and we barely see each other.''   That is what parents are going through across Washington State and  across our entire country. It is hurting everyone. You can draw a  straight line from the expiration of the childcare stabilization funds  at the end of September to the painful closure of childcare providers,  to the subsequent scramble now by parents to find new and likely more  expensive childcare for their kids, that is squeezing parents out of  hours on the job, if not out of the workforce entirely, right to the  employers who are left without the workers they need because you better  believe it is going to have an impact on their bottom line.    Failing to shore up our childcare industry that holds up nearly every  sector of our economy in the midst of a workforce shortage that is  hitting small businesses and big firms alike will cost us a lot more  than the investment in childcare we are asking for. We are going to  lose jobs; we are going to lose workers; and our economy is going to  continue to lose billions more in lost wages and revenue and growth.   We are talking a serious meltdown that costs our economy big if we  fail to value our families and invest in the people parents need to  watch over their kids.   There is no reason for this, not if we take action and take it soon.   As the Presiding Officer well knows, we cannot ignore childcare. This  is hugely important for our national economy. It is one of the biggest  line items on family budgets in many States, including my home State of  Washington. Childcare now costs more than college tuition. We have to  continue to stabilize the childcare system instead of standing by and  letting things get worse and worse and worse.   Families get this, all of my colleagues on the floor with me today  get this, and thankfully President Biden does as well. The President  sent Congress a request for supplemental funding for urgent domestic  priorities, and childcare was at the top of that list.   Now I am calling on all of our colleagues on both sides of this aisle  to work with us to pass a package that funds critical needs at home,  especially childcare.   I think everyone understands there is a lot happening in the world  today. That is why we absolutely need to pass supplemental funding to  meet our urgent national security challenges and soon, but as we  continue to work to do that, we also have to tackle the problems  families face here at home, and that means addressing the growing  childcare crisis.   We are the United States of America. We can stand with our allies  around the world and tackle the challenges we face with our families  here at home. If we are serious about the strength of this Nation, our  communities, and our families, we have got to respond to the domestic  challenges with the same resolve as we do with the national security  challenges.   I am going to continue to work hard with everyone to do that, and I  appreciate everybody's support and all of my colleagues who are here  today to speak out on this.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that all time  be yielded back, and that the scheduled vote begin immediately.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   