 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R.  5283, the Protecting our Communities from Failure to Secure the Border  Act.   For 3 years, Americans have experienced the repercussions of the  Biden administration's failed border policies.   In fiscal year 2023 alone, over 2.4 million migrants were apprehended  illegally crossing our southern border with drug smugglers, human  traffickers, terrorists, and other dangerous criminals taking advantage  of our porous border.   This crisis has affected every facet of our Nation, including our  National Park Service.   In September, the Biden administration signed a lease with New York  City to house at least 2,000 illegal migrants in a tent encampment at  Floyd Bennett Field in Brooklyn which sits on Federal land.   This encampment conflicts with Federal law, takes away from the  field's taxpayer-funded recreational activities, and raises serious  safety concerns both for those who would be housed there and for those  who live nearby, as it puts an undue burden on law enforcement.   A couple of months ago in the Natural Resources Committee, we  actually heard from people who represented the Park Service and lived  and worked in New York City, including law enforcement. I feel that it  is our job as Representatives to be listening to the people who  actually live and work in those communities to have legislation that  makes an impact there.  [[Page H5963]]    They are the ones that told us about the security concerns and the  concerns from tourists. What were the children and people who are  encamped there doing on a daily basis?   Some of the issues they had were with criminal activity and how it  interfered with the recreational purposes of that park. Americans  shouldn't be deprived access to national parks and lands paid for by  their tax dollars because of this administration's destructive  immigration policies.   This bill, that I was proud to work on as a member of the Natural  Resources Committee, would reverse the decision to lease Park Service  land to New York City to house illegal migrants and prohibit the Biden  administration from doing so with any Federal lands in the future.   Mr. Chair, I came to Washington to restore commonsense leadership,  and with this bill we have an opportunity to do just that.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5283.   