 Mr. President, I request unanimous consent to enter  into a colloquy with the Senator from Iowa.   As chair of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, I  rise to celebrate the venerable career of Director William Shear of the  U.S. Government Accountability Office--GAO--and congratulate him on his  retirement.   Mr. Shear is a Director at the U.S. Government Accountability Office.  As a leader on the Financial Markets and Community Investment team, his  portfolio addresses small business issues, community and economic  development, and Native American housing issues. In addition to these  important issues, Mr. Shear's portfolio includes oversight of many  Small Business Administration--SBA--programs that address contracting,  disaster assistance, access to capital, and entrepreneurial counseling.   Mr. Shear's career at the GAO spans over two decades. In this time,  he has had profound impact on the government's small business programs  and served thousands of citizens who use these important programs every  day. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Mr. Shear testified before the  Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship to provide his  essential perspective on the SBA's COVID relief programs. His testimony  emphasized the importance of conducting effective oversight and of  ensuring that relief was delivered to the people who needed it most.   At the height of the pandemic, my colleagues and I on the Committee  on Small Business and Entrepreneurship worked tirelessly on behalf of  America's small businesses and worked to ensure that the most  vulnerable small businesses received the help they needed. Mr. Shear's  commitment to upholding the integrity of the SBA's relief programs was  foundational to our work. His testimony supported the committee's  mission to serve America's most vulnerable businesses during an  unprecedented time of uncertainty and chaos, and we are grateful to him  for his invaluable contributions.   Mr. Shear also contributed to the committee's efforts to improve the  SBA's contracting programs. His testimony provided the committee with  valuable insight into the SBA's efforts to provide better contracting  opportunities for small businesses, especially women-owned and veteran- owned firms, and his suggestions on how to improve these programs were  indispensable to us.   Advocating for small business growth, especially among women-owned  and veteran-owned small businesses, is critically important. About 99  percent of the businesses in my home State of New Hampshire are small,  and these businesses employ about half of Granite Staters. With GAO,  Mr. Shear has been a tireless advocate for these same small businesses.  He has worked hard with the Committee on Small Business and  Entrepreneurship and the SBA to ensure that the programs established to  help America's small businesses continue to do so and continue to  improve.   As chair of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, I  am honored to thank Mr. Shear for his contributions to GAO, to the  committee's work, and to small businesses across the country. We will  miss his hard work and his advocacy. I offer him warm congratulations  on his retirement and wish him well in his future endeavors.   