 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the underlying  resolution and the rule.  [[Page H2827]]    Mr. Speaker, I speak today not just as a Member of Congress but as a  mother, a mother whose son was taken from her by gun violence, the very  thing that we are talking about again today, and a mother who has  fought every day since then to make sure that no other mother, no other  family, no other community feels that pain or feels that loss.   Arm braces have become the attachment of choice for mass shooters in  this country, the attachment of choice for the King Soopers shooter in  Boulder who took the lives of 10 people, including a law enforcement  officer; the attachment of choice for the shooter who murdered five  individuals at Club Q, an LGBTQ nightclub; and the attachment of choice  for the Nashville shooter who slaughtered three innocent babies in an  elementary school.   We cannot continue to allow weapons of war in our communities, in our  meeting centers, and in our schools.   What I just cannot understand is: What are our Republican colleagues  afraid of? You swore an oath to protect and serve your constituents.  What are you afraid of?   My Democratic colleagues are doing their job. We bring forth policy  after policy after policy: Federal background checks for all gun sales,  so a law-abiding gun owner can still own guns; the assault weapons ban,  keeping those weapons of mass destruction, weapons of war, out of the  hands of people who shouldn't have them; closing the Charleston  loophole. These are just commonsense solutions that the American people  are crying out for.   As a mother who has lost her child, I spend all of my time talking to  survivors, day in and day out.    Mr. Speaker, I spend all of my time, day in and day out,  with survivors and families. What are you afraid of?   We have to do the right thing and preserve human life. That is why we  were sent here. I implore you, and I am sure I will do it again and  again and again, to do what is right, to respond to that oath to  protect and serve the people who are waiting and crying out for us to  keep them safe.   