 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 21.   My colleagues on both sides of the aisle know that, as a  Representative for the energy capital of the world in Houston, I  support domestic energy production.   We produce oil and gas better. We have better environmental  standards, better worker safety standards, and better emission  reduction efforts and opportunities. We know it is important to produce  energy domestically for our economy and for our national security.   We also know that domestic production of oil and gas is a complicated  system, from upstream exploration and production to downstream refining  and transportation along the way. That is why I oppose this bill. It  doesn't reflect the reality of how oil and gas production works or  solve the problem I think it seeks to solve.   Oil and gas production is a long and expensive process. Leases are  executed many years before production begins if it begins at all.   When we are talking about the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, we are  talking about crude oil that has been produced and stored for emergency  use. If what we are trying to do is make sure that the SPR is full and  available, we should pass legislation to require the government to  replenish it after sales are made, to buy when the price is low. If  what we are trying to do is increase domestic production, we should be  working on permitting reform and addressing issues in the capital  markets that are making investments more difficult. If operators can't  make the investments, build the infrastructure, and move the product,  what good is a lease sale?    Today, we have heard a lot of complaints about President Biden's  strategic use of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, which has  successfully lowered the prices at the pump for Americans and weakened  Russia's ability to fund its unprovoked, unconscionable war against  Ukraine. It has been a vital tool, as we just heard, for responding to  natural disasters and energy supply shocks and mitigating hostile  foreign actors at other times.   We should support all of these efforts. The response to this effort  certainly should not be to make it harder to do what we have just  successfully done.   That is what this bill does, placing new burdensome requirements to  offer vast sums of public lands for leasing at any time mandatory sales  are dictated  [[Page H355]]  by Congress or exchanges are implemented by the Department of Energy.   It is not the solution that my friends on the other side of the aisle  seem to think that it is, and I would be glad to work with anyone here  to address the real barriers to domestic energy production and support  smart energy policy.   