 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I will be honest. Based on the  arguments I have been hearing, I am not sure everyone who is opposing  the Biden administration's ESG rule has actually read the policy. Some  of the arguments for the resolution overturning this rule simply don't  add up. In fact, they are a contradiction. ESG investing is simply the  practice of taking into account the environmental, social, and  governance practices of companies that you invest in.   For instance, just as a hypothetical, if you are against investing in  so-called ``woke'' causes, you are actually laying out your own ESG  criteria. Here is the thing: The Biden administration rule would allow  that. They would allow that because--and this is an important point, I  think, folks are missing--the Biden rule is fundamentally neutral on  how ESG factors are taken into consideration, so long as the investment  fund is meeting its fiduciary obligations to its beneficiaries.   I am not sure anyone gets that because the fact of the matter is that  some of the same people who are railing against this rule and against  ESG investing have advocated for positions that essentially are ESG  investing.   When Republicans push for legislation to protect local and State  governments that divest from companies based on their policies toward  Israel, that is a form of ESG investing. It is also worth noting, if  you manage a retirement plan for a faith-based organization and you  want to make sure you are investing in accordance with your client's  faith, that, too, would be ESG investing. When we call for divesting  from foreign adversaries due to human rights and national security  concerns, again, we are actually talking about ESG investing.   If anyone wants to argue that that is different, that it is a matter  of national security, I will note there is no question that climate  change is also a really serious national security issue, but that is,  honesty, beside the point here.   Let me say it again: The rule we are talking about is neutral-- neutral--on whether a fiduciary is considering these factors from a  particular perspective. This rule is not about saying the left's or the  right's taking on a given environmental, social, or governance issue is  correct. It is about acknowledging that these factors are reasonable  for asset managers to consider. It is about risk mitigation to  safeguard retirement plan savers' nest eggs. It is about letting asset  managers do their jobs without the government getting in the way. That  shouldn't be controversial. It, actually, should be common sense.   I mean, think about it. When it comes to environmental factors,  shouldn't financial advisers have the freedom to consider environmental  practices when climate disasters cost trillions of dollars a year?   Shouldn't they have the freedom to take into account whether a  company is adopting sustainable practices that reduce its costs and  consumption or if it is moving to clean energy so that it makes it less  reliant on foreign oil?   When it comes to social factors, we live in a diverse nation. That is  part of what makes our country so vibrant and so strong. Shouldn't  financial advisers have the freedom to consider whether companies are  doing the most to tap into that strength?   Shouldn't they have the freedom to account for whether companies are  well situated to serve and speak to the broadest range of people or to  grow by reaching communities that are currently underrepresented in  their customer base?   When it comes to how companies are governed, we are facing workforce  shortages today. Companies are having huge challenges in finding and  retaining workers. So shouldn't financial advisers have the freedom to  consider how well companies are paying their workers or how seriously  they take safety and issues like workplace harassment or what sort of  benefits they might provide to retain workers, like childcare, paid  leave, or more?   These are concrete factors that have huge implications for companies'  bottom lines. So why wouldn't we give advisers the freedom to consider  them?   Why do Republicans want to tie their hands and meddle in the free  market by reversing this balanced, neutral rule?   Despite the misunderstandings and misrepresentations and despite how  badly some of my colleagues seem to be missing the point, at the end of  the day, this is actually pretty simple. Financial security is about  planning for the future, and you can't plan for the future if you  aren't allowed to consider the environmental or social or governance  factors that are shaping it.   So I urge my colleagues, today, to join me in voting against this  resolution.   I yield the floor.   