 Mr. Chair, I rise to offer amendment No. 1 as the designee  of Mr. Williams of New York.    Mr. Chairman, to protect American interest, safety, and  intellectual property, this amendment will end the corrupt practice of  sending taxpayer dollars to the Chinese Communist Party.   Our hard-earned money is going to Chinese research, infrastructure,  and education, and these are the only destinations that we currently  know about. American dollars are lost with no recuperation or  retaliation.   Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues across the aisle to support this  commonsense amendment and support Mr. Williams' legislation.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, Communism, as well as any country that  embraces that ideology, is a cancer upon this world and sometimes a  guillotine is the only solution.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues across the aisle to support this  incredible piece of legislation, and if you don't, that is on you.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I want to start out by saying that I am a  United States Air Force veteran and a woman who has been elected to  Congress while pregnant who supports this because of the fact that not  only does it completely attack our ability to be military ready, but  when you are advocating for a servicemember to have a child ripped from  their womb, they can't deploy.   To say that this is constitutional in their argument and to say that  Republicans are somehow attacking women in service because we support  this is not only a lie, but it completely just destroys everything that  this military stands for.   Not only are there religious objections to taxpayers funding this  type of stuff, but to say as a military servicemember that you would be  somehow hurting someone's rights in the military because you stand with  life is pretty bizarre to me.    Mr. Chair, I would just like to remind people that whether  you are White, Black, Brown, we all bleed the same, so to have this  completely divisive ideology being pushed, to have Members from across  the aisle making it about race when some of these Members have not even  served, it is completely to me, not only a foreign ideology, but I  would like to remind people when you are getting shot at, okay, when my  husband was shot in Afghanistan, do you think he was sitting there  asking what color the person that was evacuating him was?   Do you think he was sitting there wondering about diversity, equity,  and inclusion? No. The only thing he cared about was making sure that  someone who was evacuating him knew how to do their job. That is what  the military needs to be focusing on.   So to have it about race just goes to show that maybe more Members,  maybe more Members across the aisle need to be serving in our military  because that is not something that we focus on. What we focus on is  mission readiness. That is what it is all about.   I don't care if you guys think that I am racist. I am a minority  woman. Maybe I am the wrong color of minority for you, but I am a  minority woman.   I support this for those reasons because I have lost friends.     Mr. Chair, I couldn't help but pull out my pocket  Constitution, and I couldn't seem to find anywhere in here where it  says we need to fund programs for humanitarian aid for women and  children in Afghanistan. I just wanted to point that out.   