 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in fierce opposition to H.R.  4364. I thank the chairman, but I specifically thank our ranking member  for allowing me to speak.   This totally eliminates the funding for the House Office of Diversity  and Inclusion. As former chair of the first-ever House Committee on  Financial Services Subcommittee on Diversity and Inclusion, I have long  been an ardent and vocal champion for diversity and inclusion.   As stated in the 116th Congress, the House Office of D&I was created  to cultivate a workplace at the United States House of Representatives  that reflects the rich diversity of the districts and the constituents  we represent.   While I heard what the chairman says, the records do not reflect that  in the talent development office. This office also helps place numerous  diverse applicants into staff positions on Capitol Hill. It is critical  because, in a 2019 House office study, it found that 70 percent of  House employees at that time were White, demonstrating in statistical  terms the stunning lack of diversity among House employees.   The Republican effort to eradicate the $3 million in funding for this  office is yet another shortsighted attempt to turn back the clock and  to undo the hard-fought gains won by Congress, the people's House.  Study after study shows the countless benefits of diversity and  inclusion in the workplace, most importantly given the indisputable  importance of the congressional staffers on the legislative process,  and the direct effect they have on the lives of millions of Americans,  the constituents, our constituents that they work with in our  districts.   For reference, Mr. Speaker, Speaker Johnson's district is almost 50- 50 White to Blacks and minorities. Former Speaker McCarthy's district  is 50-50. California's 13th District is actually 66 percent persons of  color, and I think, when you look at that, it is very important for us  to have staff who reflect that.    The recent Speaker pro tempore said that diversity and  inclusion would be the top priority.   Mr. Speaker, I ask that we reconsider this.   