 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in  favor of the Hershel ``Woody'' Williams National Medal of Honor  Monument Location Act, which would locate the new National Medal of  Honor Monument near the Lincoln Memorial on The National Mall here in  Washington, D.C.   Woody was an American hero from my home State of West Virginia. When  he passed away last year, we paid tribute to him as he was laid in  honor in the rotunda of the United States Capitol. It was his dream to  honor the final Medal of Honor recipient in our Capitol, never dreaming  that it would have been himself.   Woody was a country boy. He tried to enlist at the age of 16. He  wasn't very tall and he wasn't allowed in then, but he made it in at 17  years old. He grew up hunting on a farm and was always a good shot. He  loved his country more than anything, and he would do anything possible  to defend it, so he did. He really epitomized that great, great  Greatest Generation.   He was awarded the Medal of Honor in 1945 for his courage in the  battle of Iwo Jima where he singlehandedly--he was the guy that made  the shot--fought the Japanese with the flamethrowers, clearing the path  for more American troops.   Marines raised the American flag on Mount Suribachi--we can visualize  that picture because we have all seen it--that very day, resulting in  the iconic photo that showed that America was winning the war in the  Pacific.    Woody was not just a constituent and a hero; he was a friend. I  served with him for years in Rotary, right there in little Milton, West  Virginia. His legacy of service, dedication, and patriotism will live  through the countless lives that he touched. His impact on our West  Virginia community cannot be overstated, as his service to our veterans  has continued and continued long after his career in the Marine Corps.   With Veterans Day on Saturday, this bill couldn't be more timely to  honor our servicemen and -women who are willing to make the ultimate  sacrifice for our freedom.   This monument pays tribute to the recipients of America's highest  military honor for valor in combat.    Mr. Speaker, the monument will remind  future generations of the values that shaped and preserved our great  Nation. I urge every Republican and Democrat in the House and Senate to  vote for this bill.   