 Mr. President, the dangers children encounter when  they go online have increased exponentially since social media  platforms took over our lives. Just a few years ago, cyber bullying  dominated our conversations about kids and the virtual world. Now those  cyber bullies are joined by drug dealers, sex traffickers, pedophiles,  and influencers who glorify mental illness, eating disorders, and self- harm.   Last week, the Biden administration decided to pay some attention to  this pressing issue. While I am glad to see the White House get behind  us on this issue, I would be remiss if I didn't point out that they are  far behind.   Over the past 2\1/2\ years, the Senate has dedicated an incredible  amount of time and energy to investigating the harm these threats have  inflicted on young people. When Senator Blumenthal and I led the  Commerce Committee's Consumer Protection Subcommittee, we hosted five  separate hearings investigating the inherent dangers children encounter  online. The Judiciary Committee hosted a sixth this past February.  During those hearings, we produced more than 500 pages of testimony.  This is just the testimony from witnesses who have come before us in  those hearings.   In addition to this testimony, we have collected hundreds more pages  of evidence illustrating the devastating impact Big Tech has had on the  lives of children and teens. We also found proof that these online  companies knew they had lost control of their platforms, and still,  even knowing it, still they made the affirmative choice to not protect  their users. They did this knowing children were at risk.   On top of that are the additional hours we spent talking to parents  who tried to protect their children. We also independently confirmed  just how easy it is for predators to target young people with dangerous  content.   I would implore my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to confront  what is in these pages of testimony. Familiarize yourself with what we  heard during these hearings and in conversations--heartbreaking  conversations--with families and stakeholders. As you do, remember that  the examples we discussed in committee weren't just available for  children to access; in many cases, there was no hiding from it, which  seems unbelievable until you actually speak to young people about how  pervasive this harmful content and many times illegal content is. This  is why Senator Blumenthal and I spent time talking to kids and teens  about their firsthand experiences with dangerous content.    The Presiding Officer knows this issue well. He has worked on kids'  online privacy. He did that when he was in the House, and he has done  it in the Senate. So he knows the importance of the steps we have taken  not to limit the conversation just to grownups but to talk to teens and  children, and that is what we have done. No one has a better  understanding of what is happening to teens online than teenagers.   So we invited them into the room and asked them: What can we do to be  helpful?   What they told us that they needed was something that is more  proactive and more enforceable than what the Biden administration has  chosen to offer.   According to the White House's announcement, HHS and the Commerce  Department will lead an interagency Task Force on Kids Online Health  and Safety. Their job will be to identify harms to minors from online  platforms and then develop voluntary guidance, policy recommendations,  and a toolkit for industry.   That sounds awfully familiar, doesn't it? We have been doing that  here in the Senate for more than 2 years. Yet the White House wants to  start from scratch. What is the point in that? We know what the harms  are. The harms have been articulated.   We also know that voluntary guidance will do nothing to make online  platforms safer. We tried that kinder, gentler method, and it failed.  It does not work. Social media platforms have proven to us that they  are incapable of self-regulation. Why is that? Because, when our  children are online, our children are the product. They are data mining  our children. They are selling that data to the highest bidder.   The second item I want to highlight is a good development but one  that will complement rather than replace work we have already done here  in the Senate.   According to the White House's announcement, DHS and the Justice  Department will work with the National Center for Missing and Exploited  Children to create combined image repositories to help identify victims  of online trafficking and sexual abuse. This is promising because it  puts law enforcement on the frontlines. That is an important  distinction, but this effort needs our support, which means staying the  course on existing legislation to bolster both law enforcement and  NCMEC's legal authorities.   On that front, this week, the Judiciary Committee will consider the  REPORT Act. It is a piece of bipartisan legislation I sponsored with  Senator Ossoff that will require online companies and social media  platforms to report known instances of child sex trafficking or  enticement on their platforms. It will also substantially increase the  fines imposed for failure to report this abuse to NCMEC.   Importantly, the REPORT Act also includes another one of my bills,  the END Child Exploitation Act, which requires online platforms to  preserve reports to NCMEC's cyber tip line for a period of 1 year. By  extending this retention period, we can ensure that law enforcement has  enough time to access evidence and to prosecute these crimes.   This bill will also make it easier for NCMEC to transfer these cyber  tip line reports to law enforcement, which will, in turn, help law  enforcement prosecute cases faster and put more offenders behind bars-- no more excuses.   You know, it is so interesting. I have talked to Tennesseans, and  they thought this would already be the law--that these social media  platforms would have to report these sex traffickers, these pedophiles,  these drug dealers, these child sexual abuse images, and things that  were online. They are surprised that they don't and that they don't  take them down. So no more executives coming up here to the Hill to  give us excuses for why they are not able to do this and complaining  about how hard it is to tackle criminal perversion on their platforms-- they need to get busy with this.   The policies laid out in the REPORT Act are critical to helping  Silicon Valley and law enforcement stop predators. As I said, they  ought to be the first ones to stand up and say: We have got some bad  actors over here. We are going to take them down.   There should be bipartisan agreement on this. Everybody should say:  Let's do this, and let's do it now.   I know I can't be the only person in this Chamber who is wondering  why these big tech companies haven't kept their own promises to make  the online world safer for kids and for teens.   The White House's plan for voluntary guidelines and toolkits gives  these companies far too much credit. As I said, they have proven to us  they are incapable of self-governance.   Why are they incapable? Because they need the eyeballs of our kids on  their sites for longer stretches of time. That means the data is  richer. That means they sell that data. They are putting profit before  the safety of our children. Go talk to these parents who have lost  their kids. Go listen to these teens who are recovering from social  media addiction.   This is why, earlier this year, Senator Blumenthal and I reintroduced  the Kids Online Safety Act. It has 34 bipartisan cosponsors and the  endorsement of more than 200 bipartisan organizations.   First, it would force platforms to give families the ability to  protect minors' information, disable addictive product features, and  opt out of algorithmic recommendations. Next, it would give parents the  safeguards needed to protect their children's online experiences as  well as to provide a  [[Page S1783]]  dedicated channel to report harmful behavior. Those are things that  currently do not exist.   Most parents are shocked when they go onto these platforms, and when  they are trying to report cyber bullying, they don't hear a word back  from the platform or, maybe months later, they get an email that says:  This content does not violate our community standards.   How disgusting.   Many of these parents know what is going on, and they are trying to  help. They know what their kids are seeing, and they know predatory  content. Content that promotes self-harm, suicide, eating disorders to  minors will now, indeed, be a problem for these platforms to deal with  when we pass the Kids Online Safety Act.   Parents are tired of the denial, the deflection, and the disrespect  that is shown to them and their children by these social media  platforms. Our kids deserve better than what these platforms and big  tech companies are dishing out to them. They deserve protection on  these sites.   As the Presiding Officer well knows, there are things that are  illegal in the physical space but that are allowed in the virtual space  on these platforms, and these platforms do nothing--nothing--to take  this down.   In addition to making it difficult for these social media platforms  to skirt the provisions of KOSA, we are requiring in that legislation a  requirement for an annual risk assessment and access to data sets we  can use to access and assess safety threats to underage users. It is  time to make certain that safety is there, that it is safety by  default, safety by design for our children.   Both the REPORT Act and the Kids Online Safety Act have earned the  enthusiastic support of bipartisan policymakers, advocates, medical  professionals, tech experts, and families from across the country. It  is time we pass this legislation.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent that the vote scheduled for  5:30 p.m. begin.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following interns and fellow in my office be granted floor privileges  for the remainder of this Congress: Margaret Finnegan, Garrett Frye,  Charles Morrow, Ryan Fortani, and Benjamin Bridges.   