 Madam Speaker, I rise today to address the politicization  of what is happening at our southern border against the American  people.   Several years ago, before politics was even a factor or thought for  me, I got involved as a counter-trafficking activist. During that time,  I had the honor and privilege of working next to some very brave people  who were working to expose what was happening with the whole  immigration debate.   One of the more alarming things that I found is the more that I  addressed this issue, the more that I got involved to really shed light  on it to the American people, the more that I was called a ``coconut,''  the more the color of my skin became a topic of discussion, and the  more that the left sought to, if anything, underestimate and undermine  my capability to address this topic because of the fact that I am a  conservative.   Yes, I am Hispanic. Yes, I am a veteran. Yes, I grew up and saw  things that a lot of people, probably in this very body, haven't had to  experience.   But what I am standing here today to say is: What I have realized  over that journey--what I have realized over the past couple of years-- is that I thought that in politics some people would be here to do the  right things, and I found that it is actually the exact opposite.   I found that within this body people will lie to the American people  about what is happening at our southern border, not because they want  to help people, not because they actually care about these issues, but  because they simply seek power. I think that we are seeing that today.   Only several years ago you could see some Members of the Democrat  Party, some people like former-President Barack Obama say: Don't come  here, you will get hurt in the process. Yet, the media seems to forget  about that.   They say now that if you are a Republican, if you embrace border  security, if you want to stand up for people that are being trafficked  that you are a racist, that you are xenophobic, and they seek to label  us. It is simply not true.   I have been down to the border three times, and I can tell you that  on my last experience down there I went with a member of the Border  Patrol Union, his name is Art Del Cueto. We went down to a portion of  the border that was completely open. It was on an Indian reservation.  What I saw and heard down there was alarming. It was alarming for  several reasons, one mainly being that the media wasn't discussing it.  But also, too, one of the most horrifying stories that I heard was  actually from him saying that on just regular walkie-talkies that you  could purchase at Walmart, you could pick up the radio frequency of  some of the ``coyotes'' working with the cartels to actually scout out  women that were crossing illegally and they would be brought up to the  top of these mountains and raped. That was their right of passage they  would say; they would joke about it.   That is something that we should all be talking about. We pride  ourselves in this country--being that we are a free country, free of  slavery. Yet, that is happening every single day. We have the  opportunity to fix it and we don't.   Why?   It is not because we can't fix it, we can.   It is because of partisan politics. That has to end. In 2021 alone,  147,000 unaccompanied minors were crossing along the U.S.-Mexico  border. There is no question in my mind that these young people are  absolutely exploited for entry and abuse of the asylum process that has  been actively happening over the last couple of years, especially under  this administration.   The Coalition Against Trafficking in Women estimated that 60 percent  of Latin-American children caught by cartels are actually exploited for  child pornography or drug trafficking purposes.   If we, as a country, cannot come together and address the simple  issue of trafficking, of modern-day slavery, of the exploitation of  children--minority children at that--then are we any better than a  Third World country or a place like China that engages in human rights  abuses every single day?   I am tired of this. I am sitting here willing to work with Members  across the aisle, but I don't see that olive branch because of the fact  that I am a conservative Republican. That is wrong, and that is why I  am standing here today.   I hope that we, as a country, can come together. That this  administration can accept responsibility for the absolutely  inappropriate abuse of the media saying that they want to legalize  everyone, that is encouraging people to come here and people are hurt  on both sides because of it.   Madam Speaker, if there are people willing to work with me, I hope to  work with them. I hope to end this awful slavery that we are seeing  every single day.   