 Madam President, I am so happy to be joined in the U.S.  Senate by a Nebraska colleague as sharp, as capable, and as ready to  get to work as Senator Ricketts.   As Senator Ricketts noted, Nebraska is what America is supposed to  be. I know Senator Ricketts cares deeply about the people of our great  State and that together we will work hard to deliver results for  Nebraska. Senator Ricketts served Nebraska admirably as our Governor  for two terms, and I am confident that his time in the U.S. Senate will  further his legacy as an exceptional advocate for our State.   Just this month, Senator Ricketts and I collaborated by traveling to  the southern border to see firsthand the crisis that is unfolding  there. We have partnered on a number of bills to push back on the Biden  administration's bureaucratic overreach, including on WOTUS, and we  held a tele-townhall for our constituents.   I congratulate Senator Ricketts on his maiden speech here in the U.S.  Senate, and I look forward to many more opportunities to work together  toward the interest of our home State of Nebraska.   I congratulate the Senator and welcome him to the U.S. Senate.    Mr. President, my colleagues and I are here today to  discuss the importance of unleashing American energy. Especially during  a time of international turmoil, we in the United States need to ensure  that we reduce our dependence on unstable foreign countries for our  energy.   But right now, as the Senator from Texas alluded to in his comments,  there is a tangled web of unnecessary regulations that is holding our  Nation back from an ``all of the above'' energy agenda that would  benefit consumers, producers, and our national security.   One example of what is holding us back is outdated regulation of E15.  Nebraska is an energy-producing State and has an important role in any  discussion about unleashing American energy. E15 is a biofuel blend of  gasoline with 15 percent ethanol. This critical fuel mix is proven to  lower gas prices for consumers at the pump. One study found that the  average price of E15 during last year's summer driving season was 16  cents less per gallon than regular unleaded gas.   As any driver can tell you, after years of escalating gas prices  under this administration, these savings add up quickly. Consumers want  the lower fuel prices of E15, and retailers know it. That is why the  number of retailers offering E15 has more than doubled since 2017,  rising from 1,200 to 2,700.   E15 boosts our domestic energy security. Our country is blessed with  ample natural resources, and we should take advantage of them-- including ethanol. Use of E15 unleashes American energy here at home,  dealing a blow to our dependence on foreign oil.   And ethanol is good for the environment. Emissions from ethanol are  46 percent lower than from traditional gasoline. One study found that  corn ethanol contributed to a reduction of 500 million tons in  emissions between 2005 and 2019. So why not make use of E15?   This issue is important to my State--very important. Nebraska is the  second largest producer of biofuels in the Nation and generates over 2  billion gallons of renewable fuel each year. But when we look at these  overly restrictive regulations, they are threatening to rob consumers  of that choice.   One outdated law needlessly restricts the sale of E15 during the  summer months. The regulation restricting E15 is based on a measure  called the Reid vapor pressure, or the RVP, which measures the  volatility of certain gasoline blends. The irony of this is that E15  actually has a lower RVP than E10, which is less restricted.  Ultimately, this outdated law doesn't make much sense, and it harms  consumers.   In Nebraska, we have 24 operating ethanol plants, and they have  created almost 1,500 good-paying jobs across our State. Family farmers  in Nebraska use biofuels like E15 to help fuel the rest of this  country. For the sake of those Nebraskans, as well as the average  American at the pump, I have been leading the charge for many years to  end the legal limbo that we see around E15.   This month, I introduced again the Consumer and Fuel Retailer Choice  Act, which would allow for the year-round, nationwide sale of E15.  Eight different States have made admirable strides to allow the sale of  E15 in their regions, but these efforts can only result in a patchwork  of uneven regulations across the country, leaving many families without  access to cheaper E15.   The EPA could--and they should--take emergency action to allow E15  sales this summer. But, let's remember, that would only be a temporary  solution. We need a permanent, nationwide solution, and that happens to  be what my bill provides. The bill is the opposite of a mandate. It  puts consumers in the driver's seat by providing them with the  completely voluntary option to take advantage of E15 and its benefits.   We have worked hard to build a very diverse, bipartisan coalition for  this bill. The Nation's largest oil and natural gas trade association,  the American Petroleum Institute, is one of our bill's most notable  supporters. It is time that Congress joins together to pass legislation  that truly advances an ``all of the above'' energy solution, that  ensures Americans' access to lower cost E15 fuel.   All of my colleagues should support more choices for lower cost fuel,  especially as our country reels from high inflation.   The Consumer and Fuel Retailer Choice Act provides families with the  choice to purchase and retailers with the choice to sell E15. That is a  major win for family farmers, for consumers at the pump, and for our  American security.   Mr. President, I see my colleague the junior Senator from Nebraska is  here on the floor, and I would yield to him.   