 Mr. President, I rise today to bid farewell to a good  friend, a great confidant, and a strong leader: my chief of staff of  over 18 years, Joel Brubaker.   I am joined in the Galleries by many folks who have worked with him,  who know him, and who love him just as I do.   Joel started with me in the year 2005, when I was just entering my  third term in the U.S. House. His experience in working with Bill  Shuster and Bob Walker--both Pennsylvania Representatives from Joel's  home State of Pennsylvania--prepared him well to head up a growing and  aggressive congressional office from West Virginia.   Joel's path to Capitol Hill started in Lancaster, PA. He was born  there and was raised by his mother Eleanor. I haven't had the chance to  meet Eleanor yet, but from what Joel has told me, she is a strong and  independent woman.   Joel is also the youngest of four boys. My husband and I have always  said that, no matter what the problem is, big or small, Joel handles it  exactly like the youngest of four boys would--calmly, for the most  part, and like it is no big deal.   After graduating from high school, Joel went to Gettysburg College  and, later, picked up an MBA at American University.   His talents as a legislative director for then-Congressman Shuster  led me to realize that those very same talents were perfect for our  office to help us make decisions, to hire people. And do you know what?  The results speak for themselves.   Last week, we had a gathering of well-wishers to send Joel off. The  room was full--full--of folks from hockey players to former employees  to coworkers to friends from West Virginia to neighbors and family,  including my very own family, because our families are very much  together. It was great to see so many individuals from all walks of  life gathered in one place to wish Joel a good sendoff from a place  that he truly loves.   Speaking of things that Joel truly loves, he has quite a few  favorites in his life. First of all, Katrina, his wife of many years-- who is one of my favorites too--and their two terrific children, Kat  and Heath. Believe it or not, I remember Kat and Heath's births and  their birthdays. Kat was a page here a couple of weeks ago, and we  loved it. In fact, Katrina was 6 months pregnant with Kat when I  interviewed Joel for the job of chief of staff, and now Kat is going to  be away for her freshman year at Ole Miss.   Ice hockey is another one of Joel's favorite things. Whether it is  pond hockey in freezing New Hampshire, going to a Caps game, watching  his kids play hockey, or the Capitol Members hockey game--which, I must  admit, he is a star there--he just loves the game. And he has the  lineup of framed jerseys in his office to prove it.   Joel loves beef jerky; Chick-fil-A; Disney World and crazy rides;  decorating his house outrageously for Halloween and Christmas--for  those of you who live in Arlington, yes, that is his house--politics,  especially West Virginia politics; and the Fourth of July. He always  attends the national Independence Day celebration on the Capitol lawn.   That brings me to another strong attribute that we will miss about  Joel. Joel loves his country and our traditional American values. He  has not--and never has been--one to shy away from talking about what a  great country we have. And he is grateful. He is grateful for that.  [[Page S3507]]    Joel has a great sense of integrity, and he is always careful--very  careful--to make sure that we are all working within the boundaries of  our office--and for me, especially, my oath of office. I appreciate his  very keen sense of right and wrong, and I will miss the way we both see  our duties through the same lens.   Now, Joel is not perfect. He will not fly into our great State of  West Virginia, and he hasn't for many years. Apparently, one flight was  just a little bit too much for him over those mountains, so he began to  name our airlines ``Air Fallujah.''   He almost stayed overnight one time in my district office to fend off  some very aggressive protesters, and he is known to have a camping- style cot that is very unique that he used in our campaign office once  upon a time. Rumor has it the cot still exists today, despite Katrina's  best efforts to get rid of it.   You could always tell you are getting under Joel's skin because his  voice always raises an extra octave.   Apparently, Joel and I had three disagreements over 18 years. But do  you know what? He tells me--and I am pretty sure--I think I won all of  them.   Joel's sense of humor has carried us through tough times, hard  campaigns, long days and nights, missed vacations, and challenges  associated with larger and larger responsibilities.   I personally will always appreciate his affection for both of my  parents and his compassion for the difficulties of watching them  decline. Our whole family will miss Joel, because we really are parts  of each other's families.   Joel has an enormous affection for West Virginia. He is a Mountaineer  and holds the same sense of pride in our foundations and aspirations as  if he had been there his whole life.   As I have often said in my speeches, and I will say to him: The  country roads of West Virginia will always welcome you home, Joel. Good  luck. We will miss you. You will always be a big part of my life and  our lives. Eighteen years is a long time, but it has all been great.  Thanks.   