 Madam President, I join my colleague from Kansas and  many others who are going to be on the floor today in full and total  support of one of our most steadfast allies, the State of Israel. I  also stand here today to strongly condemn--condemn in the strongest  terms--the terrorist attacks perpetrated on Israel by Hamas.   Since the initial attack on October 7, we have lost 31 American  citizens. Other Americans remain unaccounted for and are being held  hostage. More than 1,400 Israelis have been killed, and countless  families have been left without a home and without their loved ones.   This is an unacceptable tragedy and recalls far too familiar memories  of terrorist attacks in our own Nation's history. We remember vividly  the devastating and hostile attacks that ISIS deployed and can clearly  see the parallels between their terroristic actions and the wrath that  Hamas is now perpetrating. Now is the time to unabashedly and  unapologetically support Israel, and I do.   It is also time to support Israel's right to defend themselves and  their people. The United States and Israel has a long, long history of  demonstrating mutual respect and allegiance to one another.   It dates back to 1948, when President Truman became the first world  leader to recognize the Jewish State. Since then, Israel has displayed  unmatched loyalty and provided critical support to our country in the  Middle East. Israel has stood beside us in some of our darkest hours,  and now, as friends do, we will do the same for them.   It is imperative that Congress take action now and provide the  support that Israel needs in the face of these terrorist attacks, both  to properly defend themselves but also to provide the humanitarian  resources needed for those whose lives have been decimated by a group  that shows no mercy toward civilians, many of whom are women and  children.   Our country must do all that it can within our power to rescue  American hostages and return them to safety. This has to be met with  increased urgency because time is of the essence. I am afraid the  longer we wait, the sadder the stories, especially for those hostages  who are in severe need of medical attention.   We must also make certain that the $6 billion in frozen assets that  the Biden administration planned to send to Iran in September remains  frozen.   It is incomprehensible to me that the Biden administration made the  announcement that they were going to unfreeze $6 billion to Iran and  that they would do that on September 11 of this year. Additionally, it  is imperative that the Biden administration finally strengthens and  enforces U.S. sanctions on the Iranian regime, which is raking in  billions of dollars--the Iranian regime is raking in billions of  dollars--in illicit oil sales.   It is past time to get tough on Iranian oil and to stop the regime  from skirting our U.S. sanctions. Iran is selling 1.4 billion barrels  of oil per day this year and using these proceeds to fund what we just  saw over the last several weeks--these murderous actions of terrorist  groups throughout the region--and they fund their own military at the  same time.   It should surprise no one that Iran, the world leader in state- sponsored terrorism, was heavily involved in this attack and that they  continue to support the unjustifiable actions of Hamas.   The leaders of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee have put forth  a resolution, of which I am an original cosponsor and support strongly,  as do many of us. This resolution declares that Congress will stand  with Israel. It  [[Page S5066]]  reaffirms Israel's right to self-defense. It condemns Hamas and Iran  and calls on the Biden administration to further impose sanctions on  Iran.   With the support of 99 Senators, once passed, this will send an  almost unanimous message to the world that acts of terrorism and  violence will not be tolerated or go unpunished.   I have been encouraged by President Biden's response following the  attacks on Israel. However, President Biden's time in office has been  defined by a level of, in my view, passiveness and ambiguity that has  emboldened our adversaries, and it has lacked the strength that is  required of a superpower. That being said, this is not the time to  fight amongst ourselves.   One of our strongest allies is under attack, and a nation as strong  as ours must display a united front as well as call these attacks on  Israel exactly what they are, an act of terrorism.   There is no doubt that the continued assault on Israel creates a  seismic shift in our foreign policy. Just a few weeks ago, on this very  floor, I warned about the uneasy closeness that was cultivating between  our adversaries. Nations that shun our values and reject democracy are  finding refuge with each other and stand in direct opposition to our  ideals and our way of life. The connection between these countries-- Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea--cannot be ignored and only  further underscores the importance of strengthening our own military  capabilities. We need to be providing military aid for Israel that will  serve to not only reinforce our allies but also invest directly back in  our own defense. We will serve to reenergize our defense industrial  base by restoring the arsenal of democracy that defines our leadership  as the United States of America.   Moving forward, we must act decisively and lead in the way that  America has done before in times of emergency and adversity. This is  the United States of America, the greatest country on Earth. We have  the capacity and the obligation to defend our allies as they face  unjustified aggression from adversaries.   These attacks on Israel are brutal beyond comprehension and have led  to the slaying, as I said before, of innocent families, women, and  children. It is incumbent upon us to show steadfast support for Israel  and to reiterate how military aid from the United States is in the best  interests of both of our nations.   The world is watching and expecting the United States to lead. I  encourage my colleagues to recognize the magnitude of this moment,  which many of us have been expressing here on the floor today, and join  together in our unwavering support of Israel.   With that, I yield the floor.   