 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Wagner for  yielding.   I rise in strong support of my bill. This is a bipartisan bill, H.R.  1548, the Improving Access to Small Business Information Act.   H.R. 1548 is very simple. The legislation would amend the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 to specify that certain actions by the Office of  the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation are not a collection  of information under the Paper Reduction Act.   Currently, the office must adhere to a prolonged process to get  approval from OMB on surveys that could help get better information on  the capital formation challenges small businesses and their investors  face on a daily basis.   Former Director of the SEC's Office of the Advocate for Small  Business Capital Formation, Martha Miller, told our office, ``The  office went through a yearlong process just to collect registration  information for our annual forum and ask a few basic questions to  understand the audience attending.''   So, by the time her office got a response from OMB, the circumstances  of the economy had changed, and some of the survey questions were  outdated and did not serve their intended purpose.   Rather than answering these unrelated questions to the difficulties  facing small businesses, it would have been so much more effective for  small business owners and investors attending the forum to be focused  on analyzing the substantive issues and share effective perspectives on  capital formation policies.   The SEC's Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation  is the primary office that looks to advance the interests of the small  businesses and their investors at the SEC and in the capital markets.  [[Page H3187]]    With the ever-changing economic and regulatory environment, the  office is required to adapt quickly to the needs of the small  businesses and gather timely feedback to improve capital raising  policy.   H.R. 1548 reduces red tape and streamlines access to tools that the  office can utilize to gather more effective and timely data. The better  information that the office can gather, the better Congress and the  public can identify policy gaps and facilitate small business capital  formation.    I thank Chairman   James Comer and House Oversight and Accountability  Committee staff for working with my staff and Financial Services  Committee staff to address standing policy on the PRA and get H.R. 1548  through the finish line.   I also thank my colleague and friend, Mr. Gottheimer of New Jersey,  for co-leading H.R. 1548, the Improving Access to Small Business  Information Act, with me. I urge my colleagues from both sides of the  aisle to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 1548.   