 Mr. Speaker, today, earlier in committee, we were  talking about the economy and talking about numbers, so I want to  continue the conversation on numbers.   Approximately $25 million, that is the amount reported that was  earned by the Stellantis CEO in 2022, which is a 77 percent increase  over the former CEO's salary in 2019.   Nearly $21 million is the reported earnings of the Ford CEO, and that  was up 21 percent from the salary of the former CEO in 2019.   Approximately $30 million is the paycheck of General Motors' CEO,  which is an increase of 34 percent compared to 2019.   Not long ago, a CEO defended their paycheck by saying, ``Ninety-two  percent of it is based on performance of the company.''   You see, I, too, believe that when a company does great financially,  the ones who worked to make it a reality should see the fruits of their  efforts.   When we say that a record-high salary raise is due to the record-high  performance of a company, we should ask ourselves: How was that  performance made possible?   The truth is that there is only one answer. The answer is that nearly  150,000 United Auto Workers who are out on the streets today urging  these companies for parity are the reason for this performance. They  are urging their companies for their earned benefits. They are urging  their companies for stronger protection and a place in the industry's  future, the clean energy economy.   Mr. Speaker, as the proud daughter of hardworking immigrant parents  who worked long hours at minimum wage jobs--my mother still today a  home care worker--which they did just to put food on our table, a roof  over our heads, and keep the lights on, it is my honor to stand here in  full support of UAW workers and every single worker fighting for their  future. Workers are the backbone of our middle class and our economy,  and we know that when they thrive, we all thrive.   Time and time again, workers are demonstrating to us that the power  we hold when we come together to bargain for better wages, benefits,  and working conditions is a benefit for all of us. I know that we will  succeed again.   Today, I stand with autoworkers in their fight to secure the contract  that they deserve. It is time that we give our autoworkers the parity  and support they need and have already earned.   Know that in me you will always find someone who stands ready to  protect and support all workers' rights to fair wages, safe and  dignified working conditions, universal healthcare, and democracy in  the workplace. It is what the Congressional Progressive Caucus stands  for. It is what I stand for. It is why I am so honored to be able to  speak today in this Special Order hour.   