 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition of H.R.  1435, the Preserving Choice in Vehicle Purchases Act.   It is disappointing and, quite frankly, dangerous that this political  messaging bill is intentionally being brought to the floor, given its  potential impact on ongoing labor negotiations that expire at midnight  tonight.   Unfortunately, this is yet another Republican attack on the  Environmental Protection Agency's authority to keep Americans safe from  dangerous air pollution, and it will have widespread, harmful effects  on the future of the domestic automotive industry.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to reject this false choice  between protecting our environment and protecting our working families.  We can and must do both.   The UAW opposes this bill. Sierra Club opposes this bill. LCV opposes  this bill. We must stand with men and women who know what is best and  oppose this bill.   This bill prevents the EPA from granting a waiver of Federal  preemption under the Clean Air Act for any California vehicle emissions  standard that directly or indirectly limits the sale or use of vehicles  with an internal combustion engine. On top of this, it directs the EPA  to revoke waivers that were already granted more than a decade ago that  don't comply with this vague metric. This would immediately put  existing waivers dating back a decade in jeopardy.   This doesn't affect just California. It has nationwide ramifications  that every Member should be concerned about. It infringes on States'  ability to voluntarily adopt standards to protect their citizens from  dangerous air pollution and climate change.   My Republican colleagues are always saying that we have to protect  States' rights. They are not doing it in this.   Let's be clear: The Clean Air Act is explicit in the EPA having the  authority to protect all Americans from dangerous air pollution,  including in the transportation sector.   Do you know what worries me the most? It is whether we are going to  be prepared to be competitive in a global marketplace.   Revoking past waivers would throw unnecessary uncertainty into the  marketplace. Companies need certainty to be competitive. This creates  confusion for both industry and consumers.   Beyond undoing standards to protect citizens from dangerous air  pollution, it will also stymie future automotive innovation that drives  this Nation forward.   I will not cede our American leadership in the transportation sector  to any other country in the world. Europe has already exceeded selling  electric vehicles beyond the 50 percent mark, and we can't allow  partisanship to stand in the way of building these cars here in this  country.    Mr. Speaker, we cannot let future mobility be dictated  to us by foreign competitors when we put the world on wheels.   I love my Republican colleagues, and they know that I do, but we  couldn't get the defense bill this week so we are playing this game  with the livelihood of my constituents, the autoworkers in my district.   I am not going to let these cars be built in China. I am not going to  let them be built anywhere but in America, and that means we have to  compete. I will fight for them every single day, and I am not going to  stop.   This bill is not good for the American automobile industry, and I  urge my colleagues to oppose the legislation.  [[Page H4323]]        