 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment  which would restrict taxpayer funds from being used to finalize any  rule or regulation that has resulted in or is likely to result in an  annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more at the Department  of Agriculture.   During his first 2 years in office, the President added more than  $300 billion in new regulatory costs to the economy. The American  Action Forum found that the new rules in his first 2 years required 193  million hours of compliance paperwork. That is 193 million hours to  comply with new regulations from nameless, faceless bureaucrats.   This commonsense proposal would restrict any major regulatory actions  by USDA from going into effect without the approval of Congress  beforehand. Our farmers and ranchers across the country have enough to  deal with, including natural disasters, market conditions, increasing  input costs, trade issues, and the list goes on.   Our Nation's farmers, ranchers, and producers should not have to  worry about the ever-changing environment in Washington with regard to  regulations. Moreover, these costly regulations ultimately harm  consumers who end up paying a higher price for their food, fiber, and  fuel.   These days, these major rules and regulations are simply a way for  agencies to circumvent Congress on major policy decisions to implement  the political will of whatever party is in office at the time.   As the Nation's legislative body, we must reassert our constitutional  role and prevent regulatory overreach. It doesn't matter if there is a  Republican or Democrat in the White House, the American people should  not be burdened by and forced to pay for the overreaching regulations  that are rooted in nothing more than a political agenda.   Madam Chair, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this  amendment to protect our Nation's farmers and ranchers and to prevent  overreach. We certainly can cut spending, Lord knows we need to. Until  we change the way we do business here in Washington, and this amendment  does that, we will not change a thing.   Madam Chair, I urge passage of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, respectfully, I disagree with my  colleague. However, I can't think of a single Member in this Chamber  who would willfully give up their constitutional oversight  responsibilities that their constituents have sent them up here to  Washington to engage in.   I think it is time that we reassert Article I authority, but more  importantly, make sure that we are being mindful of the inflationary  costs that are burdening our consumers as well as our producers in this  country.   Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise to offer amendment No. 82 as the  designee of Mr. Roy of Texas.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of an amendment authored  by Representative Roy and myself. This amendment would restrict funds  from being used to implement President Biden's radical climate agenda.   Since taking office, the Biden administration has spent billions of  dollars implementing leftist climate initiatives at the expense of the  American taxpayer.   In May 2023, the USDA announced $11 billion in grants and loans for  ``zero emission energy,'' otherwise known as unreliable energy.   In addition, a recent report found that Biden's USDA Secretary, Tom  Vilsack, coordinated with Arabella Advisors, a George Soros-funded  group, on transforming the U.S. food system.   We simply cannot produce and process the food necessary to satisfy  the massive demand in this country and abroad if we cannot depend on  energy and food systems that are being hijacked into an extremist  climate agenda.   Furthermore, Biden's climate policies have detrimental effects on our  economy and threaten the very livelihood of Americans in our  agricultural sector. In many cases, these radical Biden initiatives  actually do more harm than good to our environment.   Our farmers already face enormous challenges, including market  fluctuations and rising input costs. The list goes on and on.   By squeezing out clean and economical fuel sources and demanding a  hasty shift to so-called clean energy, green energy, as they call it,  our farmers and ranchers are struggling with the rising cost of fuel  that they need to keep their operations going.   Agriculture is the backbone of our Nation, and we must ensure that  that sector, the agricultural sector, has the resources that it needs  to keep providing for American families.   Our farmers and ranchers are some of the best conservationists in the  world. Our amendment would prevent President Biden's extreme anti- climate initiatives that would undoubtedly raise costs on our Nation's  agricultural businesses.   A threat to our Nation's ag producers is a threat to our national  security. I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense  amendment and safeguard our farmers and ranchers from the Biden  administration's misguided climate policies.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I am so glad that my colleague mentioned  carbon emissions and the need to reduce them because our farmers and  ranchers are a carbon sink.   Like I said, they are the best conservationists in the world, and the  harmful policies of the Biden administration continue to make their job  much more difficult.   Madam Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Harris).    Madam Chair, we are closing in on 2 a.m., and while I  definitely encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense  amendment, I give thanks to the floor staff, the Clerks, the  Parliamentarians, my colleagues on the committee staff who are here at  2 a.m. doing the very important work of the American people.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   