 Mr. President, I am pleased the Senate is beginning  consideration of the Military Construction-Veterans Affairs,  Agriculture, and Transportation, Housing and Urban Development  appropriations bills.   Let me begin my remarks by thanking Chairman Murray and Vice Chairman  Collins for their strong leadership in advancing these bills through  committee and now to the Senate floor. This returns to regular order,  which is long overdue and is a testament to what we can accomplish  through a committed bipartisanship.   I also want to thank Senator Schatz, the chairman of the T-HUD  Subcommittee. He has been a delight to work with and has been very,  very pleasant to go through this and help me.   The fiscal year 2024 Transportation, Housing, Urban Development, and  Related Agencies appropriations bill is a bipartisan and fiscally  responsible bill that has passed unanimously--a 29-to-0 vote in July-- by the full Appropriations Committee.   There are a few important aspects of the bill that I would like to  highlight. First, I want to stress that this bipartisan bill  incorporates input and requests from more than 80 Senators from both  sides of the aisle. The bill provides adequate resources for the  Department of Transportation and the Department of Housing and Urban  Development to administer the many important programs and activities  under their jurisdictions. These programs protect public health and  safety, promote economic growth, and improve the overall quality of  life for all Americans.   The bill includes $28.5 billion for DOT and $73 billion for HUD, as  well as funding for small independent Agencies like the Federal  Maritime Commission and the National Transportation Safety Board.   With this bill, we are continuing to foster and grow the safest and  most reliable transportation system in the world. The bill makes key  investments in our transportation infrastructure, including $800  million for the popular RAISE Grant Program, and nearly $1.2 billion  for the important bridge repair and rehabilitation program.   We also fully fund critical aviation needs, such as funding for 1,800  new air traffic controllers and for modernizing our legacy airspace  systems.   The popular Consolidated Rail Infrastructure and Safety Improvements  Grant Program is funded at $500 million, and Amtrak is funded at $2.5  billion, which will continue to provide upgrades and service to rural  communities, as well as the Northeast corridor.   In addition to transportation programs, this bill maintains existing  rental assistance for more than 4.6 million households. This includes  working families, seniors, people with disabilities, and those who are  homeless or at risk of homelessness. Additional investments are made to  support ending veteran and youth homelessness, as well as to develop  more permanent supportive housing.   Ending cycles of dependency requires promoting self-sufficiency and  financial literacy tools, and I am pleased that the bill includes $198  billion for HUD's self-sufficiency programs.   Finally, the bill continues to fund the CDBG Program at $3.3 billion,  which continues to be one of the most requested programs in this bill  by Members from both parties to help State and local governments across  the country promote economic development and job creation.   In closing, given the wide array of projects and activities funded by  this bill, the subcommittee received a substantial amount of Member  requests and has worked to try to address as many Member priorities as  possible. The fiscal year 2024 Transportation, Housing and Urban  Development, and Related Agencies appropriations bill is worthy of  consideration and passage by the full Senate.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the investments in this  bill to support families and communities across this country, as well  as the Military Construction, VA, and Agriculture bills that make up  this minibus.   I yield the floor.   