 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their  remarks on the legislation and to insert extraneous material on H.R.  21.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 21, the Strategic Production  Response Act.   Two weeks ago, this body sent a strong message that we must ensure  our Nation's Strategic Petroleum Reserve will not advance the energy  interests of China over the energy security interests of Americans.   This bill today will help ensure this vital American energy asset and  American security interests will not be drained away for nonemergency,  political purposes. This bill is about restoring America's energy  security. It provides a path towards making energy more affordable for  Americans who are looking to us to help ease the pain at the pump.   H.R. 21 does this by preserving the Strategic Petroleum Reserve for  its vital and central purpose: to provide the oil supplies Americans  need during true emergencies--emergencies like supply disruptions that  threaten the Nation's economy, or the loss of oil production due to  hurricanes and other disasters.   Put simply, under this bill, if an administration chooses to use the  reserve for nonemergency political purposes, it will first have to  develop a plan that an equal amount would be reinstated from American  energy resources.   The SPR should be used as a tool of last resort. This is sensible  energy policy. It is also urgent policy. At present, the SPR's ability  to protect Americans has been put at risk. More than 250 million  barrels of oil, approximately 40 percent of the reserve, has been drawn  down in less than 2 years. This is more than all of the former  Presidents in history combined. It is all to cover up historically high  gas prices in an election year. This is irresponsible.   The Biden administration has undermined our Nation's ability to  respond to true energy emergencies by mismanaging our Nation's  strategic energy stockpile. At the same time, the administration has  taken every action to suppress America's mighty energy production  abilities. Unbelievably, the Biden administration has turned to  Venezuela and Saudi Arabia to pump more oil instead of working to lift  their regulatory restraints on American energy producers.   America's oil production and refining capacity remains 1 million  barrels below peak levels during the prior administration. We have the  world's most abundant resources and the capacity to produce millions  more barrels per day.   America should never be at the mercy of OPEC or Russia. Energy  security is economic security and it is national security. It is all  connected. It is foundational to everything. We should be unleashing  American energy on all fronts.   Don't forget, Mr. Chair, the United States has some of the highest  environmental and labor standards in the world. We have been the leader  in bringing down carbon emissions. We did this by embracing innovation  and our abundant natural resources, not by shutting down entire  industries.   Right now, America is suffering through the worst energy crisis in  decades, and gas prices are still surging upwards. Now, President  Biden's and the Democrats' radical rush-to-green agenda has made life  unaffordable for people across the country. It has driven up inflation,  it has strained household budgets, and it has weakened our electric  grid.   Gas prices have risen to the highest levels in history. Some have  been forced to pay more than $6 a gallon. Gas prices are still 40  percent higher today, and diesel prices are up almost $2 a gallon more  than when President Biden took office.   It is time to flip the switch. It is time to end the politically  motivated abuse of the SPR and focus on American energy and American  security. Let's send a strong signal this Congress that we stand for  energy security, preserving the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, restoring  America's energy dominance, and providing for the prosperity of all  Americans.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of H.R. 21, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Johnson), who is a leader on the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Walberg), a leader on the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. Lesko).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Pence), a leader on the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Curtis), the vice chair of the Energy,  Climate, and Grid Security Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1\1/ 2\ minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Joyce), a leader on  the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   When President Biden was inaugurated in January of 2021, gas prices  were $2.33 a gallon. I doubt you can find that anywhere in America  today. $2.33 a gallon. They have only gone up since then.   The war on Ukraine did not cause the energy crisis, it just exposed  what was going on.   Refining and production is down a million barrels from when President  Biden was elected. There has been the shutting down of American energy.  It is time to unleash American energy.  [[Page H356]]    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Carter), a leader on the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Dunn), a leader on the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Weber), a leader on the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Allen), a leader on the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to  the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Balderson), a leader on the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Pfluger), a leader on the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Mr. Chair, if you bought gas recently,  you would be aware gas prices are up 40 cents just in the last couple  of weeks. Our reserve is drained. We need to pass this bill.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Iowa (Mrs.  Miller-Meeks), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, the administration may have temporarily artificially  reduced gas prices. Up until election day, they were selling a million  barrels per day out of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. They have now  drained the reserve, leaving us vulnerable, and gas prices are on their  way up again since Christmas, 40 cents just since Christmas.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), our majority leader.    Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2  minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. Obernolte), a leader on  the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3  minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Duncan), the chairman  of the Energy, Climate, and Grid Security Subcommittee of the Energy  and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how  much time I have remaining?    Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 45  seconds to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Malliotakis).    Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Oklahoma (Mrs. Bice).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Arrington).    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much  time is remaining?    Mr. Chair, this is reasonable,  commonsense legislation that will strengthen America's energy security,  protect our national security, and preserve our strategic energy  stockpile for true emergencies. It only addresses the nonemergency  sales.   The Biden administration has sold off more than 250 million barrels,  a million barrels per day up until the election, and more than 40  percent of our reserve. Put an end to this.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of H.R. 21, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the  amendment that would maintain current law.   President Trump imposed a decade-long ban in offshore drilling off  the coast of Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina. Nothing in the  underlying bill, H.R. 21, would change that.   To be clear, nothing in H.R. 21 affects any existing statutory or  regulatory restrictions that may prohibit offshore oil and gas  development. The purpose and scope of the bill is limited. It is to  protect the SPR from politically motivated drawdowns and to ensure the  American people are protected from true emergencies in energy supply  disruptions. It would require the Department of Energy to develop a  plan.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment and the  underlying bill, H.R. 21.    Mr. Chair, I reserve a point of order  against the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I do insist on the point of  order. The amendment amends the Energy Policy Act of 1992. That statute  is not amended by this bill.    Mr. Chair, I withdraw.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in  opposition.    Mr. Chair, this amendment excludes a  tract of land in the North Atlantic from being included in the leasing  plan. So virtually all offshore oil and gas leasing occurs in the Gulf  of Mexico.   Offshore oil and gas exploration accounts for roughly 15 percent of  all domestic oil production and 2 percent of domestic natural gas  production. By further limiting this potentially vast resource, we are  not going to be able to keep up with demand as it increases.   H.R. 21 does not require the Department of Energy to drill in any  specific area. We shouldn't take items off the table before a review  has been done.   Moreover, our plan can be changed as new information comes along,  while the mandate in this amendment is inflexible to fact, science, and  the needs that may arise from national emergencies.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentlewoman  from South Carolina informing us of what the current law states.   I just want to confirm that the bill has no effect on these current  laws and regulations. It is a good amendment and I support it.    Mr. Chair, I reserve a point of order.    Mr. Chair, I withdraw my reservation of a  point of order.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in  opposition.    Mr. Chair, this amendment really  duplicates an amendment that we just passed, if you think about the  amendment that was offered by Congressman Matt Gaetz. President Trump  imposed a decade-long ban on oil drilling off the coast of Florida,  Georgia, and South Carolina; and nothing in this legislation--nothing  in H.R. 21--will change that.   If my colleagues across the aisle are concerned about drilling off  the coast of Florida, I would just note that. To be clear, nothing in  H.R. 21 affects any existing statutory or regulatory restrictions that  may prohibit offshore oil and gas development.   The purpose of the underlying bill is limited. It is to protect the  SPR from politically motivated drawdowns and to ensure the American  people are protected in times of true emergencies when the energy  supply is disrupted.   The Strategic Petroleum Reserve has enjoyed bipartisan support for  years. This administration decided to draw it down unilaterally leading  up to the election. It has been drawn down 40 percent.   The underlying bill would ensure that we can take the steps necessary  through domestic energy production to refill SPR. The amendment that  was introduced by my colleague on the Energy and Commerce Committee is  really unnecessary. It goes beyond the scope of H.R. 21.   Mr. Chair, I urge opposition, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last  word.  [[Page H366]]     Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.   But in response to the ranking member, I just want to underscore that  H.R. 21 is designed to stop the abuse of the Strategic Petroleum  Reserve for nonemergency political reasons such as President Biden's  decision to drain the SPR in the days leading up to the election.   So the other side likes to say: Well, it was the war in Ukraine that  caused the prices to go up.   The war in Ukraine just exposed the energy crisis that started on day  one of the Biden administration.   Mr. Chair, on day one of the Biden administration, gas prices were  $2.33 a gallon, and they have just continued to go up, jeopardizing  reliability and affordability, as well as our national security.   My concern with the gentlewoman's amendment is that the SPR is one of  America's most important energy security tools, and we cannot tie the  hands of the President regardless of which party is in office when we  have a real emergency like a hurricane, a terrorist attack, or  something that disrupts our oil supply.   The underlying bill, H.R. 21, is focused on protecting SPR from  President Biden's abuse of it.   H.R. 21 should be a bipartisan bill. It should be a bipartisan bill.  Just a couple of weeks ago, we passed H.R. 22, Protecting America's  Strategic Petroleum Reserve From China Act which gained the support of  my Democrat colleagues--over 100 Democratic colleagues voting with us  to ban exports of SPR to China.   Let's keep the momentum going. Let's send the Senate and the  President a very strong, bipartisan bill.   Representative Greene is right that President Biden has abused our  strategic stockpile, and he has failed to put forward a plan to  increase domestic energy supply.   Let's pass the underlying bill and get back to work.   Mr. Chair, I urge ``no'' on the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in  opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, this bill is about  protecting our strategic reserves and ensuring American energy  production, which we do cleaner than any other nation in the world.   If we are serious about addressing global climate risk and preserving  and expanding the prosperity of the American people, we should focus on  American security and American energy.   This amendment is not necessary. I urge opposition. Vote ``no.''   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Chair, this amendment is a savings  clause. It states that nothing in H.R. 21 impacts existing legal  restrictions on oil and gas leasing in the North Atlantic Planning  Area. This will ensure that this bill is not interpreted to make  changes there.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in  opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would  require the Secretary of Energy to consult with the EPA Administrator  and the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs on the required  leasing plan. I rise in opposition to the amendment because it expands  the scope of EPA. EPA does not oversee Federal lands; the Department of  the Interior does.   Further, this amendment is duplicative. H.R. 21 already requires the  Secretary of Energy to consult with the Secretary of the Interior. The  Bureau of Indian Affairs is in the Department of the Interior and falls  under the Secretary's purview.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman  bringing this amendment forward. It would simply require the plan to be  submitted to Congress. It is a good amendment, and I urge our  colleagues to support it.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in  opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to  this amendment.   This amendment would further allow the President to abuse the SPR by  draining it without declaring an emergency under the Energy Policy and  Conservation Act. The statute is clear, and emergency triggers to use  SPRs are well defined. The law requires the President to declare that a  severe energy supply interruption exists. The statute defines a supply  interruption as follows:   One, ``an emergency situation exists and there is a significant  reduction in supply, which is of significant scope and duration'';   Two, ``a severe increase in the price of petroleum products has  resulted from such emergency situation'';   Three, ``such price increase is likely to cause a major adverse  impact on the national economy.''   SPR is a critical national security asset and should only have been  utilized in accordance with the law. This amendment would create a new  loophole to allow the President to continue raiding SPR for political  purposes.   I urge a ``no'' on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the  gentlewoman yielding.   I appreciate the gentlewoman offering this amendment that I believe  will actually bring greater transparency and oversight to the plan for  managing the balance of fuel stored in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve  for domestic emergencies, and I urge support.   