 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to the CHOICE  Arrangement Act.   This bill, as written, makes healthcare less accessible and  affordable for our most at-risk workers. My amendment prevents older  workers from obscene healthcare premiums and discrimination.   As of January 2023, a record 16.3 million people, including older  Americans, were insured under the Affordable Care Act.   According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, under the  Affordable Care Act, older adults' uninsured rate has dropped by one- third, a factor that is a key indicator their health and wellness has  improved. Further, they are now protected from coverage exclusions and  cost increases due to preexisting conditions.   In 2019, people aged 55 to 64 had the lowest uninsured rate among  nonelderly adults, but instead of working to build upon this success,  my colleagues are bolstering individual coverage health reimbursement  arrangements and association health plans which have a long, well- documented history of cutting costs for themselves by cherry-picking  the cheapest people to cover, leaving the more expensive and vulnerable  ones behind. This raises costs for those not chosen and causes premiums  to go up for the rest of the insurance market.   Republicans have been pushing these efforts for decades, and experts  have consistently found it to be harmful. In its final rule adopted in  2018 by the Trump administration, the Department of Labor acknowledged  as much, noting the ``AHPs could use their regulatory flexibility to  design more tailored, less comprehensive health coverage . . . Which  will necessarily lead to some favorable risk selection toward AHPs and  adverse selection against individuals and small group markets.''   They predicted this would raise premiums for consumers who are left  behind in the small group and individual markets.   For decades, independent experts at the American Academy of Actuaries  and the Congressional Budget Office have repeatedly found premiums for  older workers would be higher as a result of the association health  plan legislation.   The bill has only superficial protections from discrimination based  on  [[Page H3033]]  health status and is entirely silent on discrimination and pricing  against older individuals. In fact, by explicitly allowing associations  to base premiums on the risk factor on each employee within the group,  it invites them to discriminate against other characteristics.   My amendment requires the Department of Labor to certify that the  bill would not raise premiums for older Americans before taking effect.   I ask my colleagues to support my amendment to protect older  Americans and implore that we work together to address the real  healthcare problems in our Nation and move toward a more equitable  healthcare system for older workers.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Scott), who is the distinguished ranking member of the  Committee on Education and the Workforce.    Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this  commonsense amendment to protect older Americans with preexisting  conditions.   The ACA expanded Medicaid for low-income Americans and protected  coverage for people with preexisting conditions. We want to make sure  we continue that tradition and make sure that the CHOICE Arrangement  Act will not go into effect until the Secretary of Labor certifies that  this bill will not result in higher premiums for older Americans and  seniors. It is critical that we protect this access.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   