 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, yesterday, the Judiciary Committee's  Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law hosted a hearing to examine  the rise of artificial intelligence. In the last few months, we have  had a lot of conversations here about AI, and I am grateful that we are  looking at this issue. Although there are many areas where we disagree,  our colleagues on each side of the aisle are paying close attention to  this issue. I would encourage my colleagues to review the high points  of yesterday's hearing because it truly demonstrated the scope of the  challenges that we find ourselves facing.   We fielded several firsthand accounts of how this technology can be  weaponized against human beings in our homes and on a national scale.  We heard from Jennifer DeStefano, who was the victim of an attempted AI  kidnapping and extortion scheme. Scam artists used AI to clone her 15- year-old daughter Brie's voice and then used this manufactured  recording to try and extort $1 million in ransom.   Fortunately, Jennifer was able to confirm that Brie was safe. But you  can see how criminals could, and indeed will, and certainly are  beginning to leverage this technology against other families.   We also heard from Jeffrey Cain, an investigative journalist who has  witnessed how destructive AI can be in the hands of oppressive  governments. He has reported extensively on how the Chinese Communist  Party is using AI to enhance their brutal surveillance state.   According to one account, the CCP has used facial recognition to  track the movements of Chinese citizens. They have even used it to  track their citizens as young as 9 days old. This is how the Chinese  Communist Party is using this technology.   One of the things that we have learned is that China and the CCP are  trying to control the market for artificial intelligence, just the same  that we have learned they are doing for 5G, for quantum computing, and  for other groundbreaking technologies.   They said as much back in 2017, when they released their national AI  development plan. Their goal is to be the dominant force in artificial  intelligence by the time we reach 2030.   But whether we are talking about the threat from scam artists or  hostile foreign powers, it is time to prove that the U.S. Senate  understands why we must lead in setting the standards for and  developing artificial intelligence, rather than ceding this authority  and this place to Xi Jinpin and the Chinese Communist Party.   That means continuing the work that we started in yesterday's  hearing. It is important to note this was a bipartisan hearing.  Chairman Ossoff did a great job in leading this discussion. We had  great participation in this hearing.   And we have to continue to look at the uses of artificial  intelligence. There are some for good, and there are some for evil,  which is what we heard so much about yesterday and how it impacts human  rights.   As we think about deploying AI on a broad scale, we need to focus on  preserving the freedoms and the democratic values that we hold dear  here in our country. It also means finally enacting a national data  privacy standard to govern the collection and the sharing of our  personal information.   One of our witnesses, Alexandra Givens, mentioned that this needed to  be done as a fundamental foundational element before we begin to look  at guardrails for AI, giving individuals the ability to protect their  virtual views themselves and their information in the virtual space.   This is something that, as policymakers, we need to make sure that  our existing laws can adapt to meet the challenge that is before us as  we look at artificial intelligence.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   