 Madam President, there is a lot we need to get done. As  soon as we prevent a shutdown by passing this continuing resolution, we  need to come together in a bipartisan way to keep working on things  like the comprehensive supplemental funding package for Ukraine and  Israel, for humanitarian assistance, and more. And, of course, we have  to pass our full-year spending bills that live up to the agreement this  Congress passed in a bipartisan way and meet the needs of our  communities. These are real issues that we need to take seriously and  move on quickly.   And then there is this amendment, which--let's all be honest--is just  not serious but would be absolutely devastating. This amendment would  slash huge swaths of discretionary spending by a whopping and totally  arbitrary 15 percent, not to mention the cut to the IRS of $30 billion.  We are talking across the board cuts with no rhyme or reason that would  devastate our families, our economy, our competitive edge, and our  national security.   That is not a solution. It is not serious. It is a gift to our  adversaries, who want us to fall behind. And it is a slap in the face  to families across the country who are counting on the critical  investments Congress makes in their communities.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting against it.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I will vote for this bill to avoid a  senseless shutdown although I do not care for this idea of two funding  deadlines and double the shutdown risk. But the big picture I am  focused on right now is what happens next, because avoiding a shutdown  is so very far from mission accomplished. We have a lot of work to do  after the dust settles and before the next shutdown deadline comes up.  Now is not the time to pat ourselves on the back. It is time to roll up  our sleeves and pass supplemental funding to address urgent global  challenges and critical priorities here at home.   Our leadership is on the line and with it, the security of our allies  and our Nation. We cannot do half of our job here. We need a  supplemental that fully addresses the challenges to Ukraine, Israel,  humanitarian aid, and the Indo-Pacific.   And we are not pitting American families against America's global  leadership. We have got to tackle the childcare crisis and other urgent  domestic priorities just as we address our urgent national security  priorities. We are the United States of America. We can and must do  both.   And, on that note, let me just say this: Failing to fully fund WIC  for the first time ever is not an acceptable outcome to me under any  circumstances.   Now, turning to the year ahead, if we don't want to be right back  here in a few weeks facing a one-two-punch shutdown threat, we need all  of us to get serious about 1-year postspending bills.   So I have an important message for Speaker Johnson and the House  Republicans. We can only get these spending bills done if we are all on  the same page when it comes to the topline numbers. The good news is,  that is already a settled matter, because we actually passed bipartisan  toplines in the debt limit deal that House Republicans and the  President negotiated--a deal that Speaker Johnson voted for, along with  so many other Members on both sides of the aisle in both Chambers.   So let's be clear: The negotiating has already happened. House  Republicans just need to stick to their word and what they helped pass  into law.   I am glad to see the Speaker abandon tying cuts or extreme policies  to this CR. He will also need to do that to our annual bills if we are  going to be able to conference any of them, because if we can't get  back to those toplines that this Congress has already agreed to, we are  not going to get anywhere. It is that simple.   We have to work together; we have to keep our word; and we have to  compromise. That means listening to the other side, making some tough  decisions, leaving out partisan nonstarters, and writing a bill that  can actually pass into law. That is going to make a difference for the  people we represent at home. That is exactly how Vice Chair Collins and  I have been able to work with Members across the political spectrum to  craft 12 bipartisan spending bills.    So let's get to work. Let's end this threat of a government shutdown.  Then let's get that full-year funding our Nation needs signed into law.   I yield back all time.   