 Mr. President, this month, millions of Americans  received a very rude awakening as they saw the horrors of human  trafficking playing out on the big screen.   I say that they had a rude awakening because until very recently, the  fight against modern-day slavery has been an uphill battle on multiple  fronts.   Transnational criminal organizations have turned the buying and  selling of human beings into a $150 billion-a-year enterprise, and  current policy has made it almost impossible to catch them.   Of course, the work being done on a Federal, State, and local level  to help trafficking victims hasn't been made any easier by the  astonishing number of people who insist that human trafficking is a  myth or that things aren't nearly as bad as advocates make it out to  be.   That is some truly impressive spin. It is really quite disgusting.  And right now, the American people are wondering why that is the  message that, apparently, is driving this administration and,  unfortunately, some of my Senate Democratic colleagues when we have so  much evidence to the contrary.   Human trafficking is an epidemic. Tennesseans have asked me, and they  want to know, how could this happen in this country? How could this  human trafficking issue have gotten to be so bad, and what are we going  to do to stop it?   I will tell you, the data does not lie. In the interest of setting  the record straight, I want to start by offering to my colleagues a few  statistics showing us just how bad things have gotten for the victims  of human trafficking. That $150 billion-per-year figure that I  mentioned a few moments ago doesn't come from me; it doesn't come from  a nonprofit. This comes from this administration's Department of  Homeland Security. That is their assessment. That is their number.   If you want to look it up, I encourage you. Go to the report that DHS  issued in January; you are going to find that stat on page 2 of that  report. Yes, indeed. Selling of human beings, trafficking of human  beings is, indeed, $150 billion-a-year business. And it is happening  right here, every community, every State, all across this country.  Should we accept that? Absolutely not.   Here is another one for you: DHS also estimates that there are--get  this number--30 million victims of sex trafficking and forced labor  around the world. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation estimates that,  on average in the United States, a child is bought or sold for sex  every 2 minutes. Think about that. Every 2 minutes a child--a child--is  bought or sold for sex every 2 minutes.   This is what is going on. This is what is happening right here:  modern-day slavery. You better believe it is modern-day slavery.   In fiscal year 2022, DHS alone--just DHS--helped 765 confirmed  victims of human trafficking. They initiated another 1,373 cases and  made 3,655 arrests. As of this January, they had convicted 638  traffickers and indicted another 1,045.   In 2022, the number of investigations, arrests, indictments, and  convictions all increased from the previous year, so it is safe to say  the cartels and the traffickers, they are gaining ground. They are  gaining power.   And, again, this is not my educated guess. You can find every bit of  that information on page 6 of the report that DHS put out in January of  this year.   So human trafficking is not a myth. Our concern is not overblown.  These criminals--criminals--violent, vicious criminals are hiding in  plain view in your cities, in your communities, in your States. They  are selling human beings. They are setting a price. It is disgusting.   In 2021, the National Human Trafficking Hotline received 525 reports  from good Samaritans in Tennessee concerned about potential human  trafficking. That year, advocates identified 152 confirmed cases  involving 217 victims. That is 217 people identified by one  organization in one State. Think about that one. And that stat is 2  years old.    Human trafficking has grown from a $500 million-a-year business about  4 years ago to $150 billion-a-year business. And Tennessee is not the  only one. There were 217 victims in Tennessee; Massachusetts had 143  victims; Michigan identified 429 victims; California, 2,122 victims;  Georgia, 1,065 victims. You know, the list goes on and on. Texas, 1,702  victims. It is all there on the National Human Trafficking Hotline  website.   If you drill down to the local level, you are going to see it gets  even worse, because this is where the survivors come for help. The  Community Coalition Against Human Trafficking, which serves survivors  in the Knoxville, TN, area, handled 408 referrals in 2022. The  situation was dire, or so they thought. And, yes, indeed, it is.   But guess what? This year it is worse. I know that other  organizations around our State in Jackson, in Franklin, Chattanooga,  Nashville, Memphis, Powell, Dayton, and Cleveland, they are all telling  me the same story.   I don't know how any serious person could look at these numbers and  claim that the horror stories these advocates have heard are part of  some elaborate conspiracy theory to say that human trafficking is not  happening; to say that, well, it is a falsehood meant to distract. No,  it is happening. The stats show it.   Now, we do know for a fact that our wide-open southern border is  enabling this disgusting practice. Many of the people who fall into the  hands of the cartel smugglers are trafficked by their captors. Yes,  indeed. Many are women. Many are children. They are physically,  mentally, emotionally, and sexually abused as they make their journey  to that southern border.   But don't take my word for it; ask the Department of Homeland  Security. Now, they know it is an issue, so they have allocated more  than 60 million to the Counter Human Smuggler campaign and sent more  than 1,300 personnel to the southern border and into Latin America to  try and stop it.   DHS has identified a problem at the border, so why can't Congress put  politics aside and do the same thing and admit that these children,  these women, need our attention and our help. This is a humanitarian  crisis. This year, I have introduced two bills that would throw a  wrench in the operations of these trafficking rings and help the border  patrol and the local law enforcement regain some ground in this fight  that they seem to be losing.   The SAVE Girls Act would establish a $50 million grant program for  States, localities, NGOs that work to prevent the smuggling and  trafficking of young women and girls.   We know that most of the innocent people who end up in the hands of  sex traffickers are, indeed, young women and girls. And even if they do  manage to escape, we see many of these women fall victim to domestic  violence and to drug abuse.   They are trapped in a system. If the Federal Government is not going  to secure that border and stop this, it ends up with local entities.  That is why the SAVE Girls Act would put resources into the hands of  these local law enforcement agencies and NGOs who are trying to rescue  and save these women and girls from this.   Heightened border security is a necessity, but it won't save the  women who have already been forced into servitude. And as I said, many  of them are in your communities. They are hiding in plain sight.   Having those funds locally will help to save them. But there are also  things we can do directly at the border to pull young women out of the  hands of traffickers before they disappear into the country.   Last month, I reintroduced my End Child Trafficking Now Act, which  would crack down on the practice of ``child recycling,'' which is  horrendous. Absolutely disgusting.   It would mandate DNA testing for migrants coming across the border  with children. My bill would require up to a 10-year prison sentence  for any person who lies about their familial relationship with a minor.  If this sounds familiar, it is because it is an old policy that was  very successful in the previous administration because of the data that  was collected from that one pilot program. What we learned from that  was that 30 percent of the children presenting at that southern  border--30 percent--have no relation at all whatsoever to the adult who  is bringing them to the border. These children are  [[Page S3510]]  enslaved. And what happens? That adult gets through, they send that  child back to the cartel, and they attach them to another adult the  cartel is trying to get into the country.   Passing the End Child Trafficking Now Act and implementing DNA  testing at that border would help save lives. This is something we  should do on a bipartisan basis.   The problem with human trafficking is intertwined with so many other  issues that we are charged with handling every day. You can find  connections to border policy, immigration law, criminal justice, and  even to the NDAA and defense policies.   As many of my colleagues know, I filed the End Child Trafficking Now  Act in the form of an amendment to the NDAA, and I have asked for a  floor vote on this issue. The U.S. Senate should be heard on this  issue. So of course I ask for support of that amendment, but no matter  what people decide to do on this, I would remind my Democratic  colleagues that they cannot hide from this issue just because it would  force them to ask some serious questions about the policies of this  administration.   The American people are figuring this out. Every 2 minutes, a child  is trafficked and sold for sex. What they have seen this month has  driven them to start asking questions, and I am so glad so many  Tennesseans have paid attention to the media around this issue.   The Nashville Anti-Human Trafficking Coalition normally welcomes  about three new volunteers every week. Now, on average, 38 new  volunteers per week are reaching out and saying: Tell me what I can do  to help rid our community, our State, our Nation of this problem. I  hope other organizations across the State and the country are seeing  the same wave of support.   Advocates who work with victims of sex and labor trafficking refer to  this as modern-day slavery. If you look at the pictures and if you  listen to these survivors who have been rescued tell their stories  about their experience, you would see why. They have been raped,  abused, stripped of their dignity. They live in fear. Many of them have  been in bondage so long that they have lost their sense of self.   These people deserve better from us and from this administration and  our President. At the very least, they deserve a government that  recognizes that, indeed, their lives are worth saving.   I yield the floor.   