 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, over the past 52 days, we have  watched a horrifying propaganda campaign take over our social media  platforms.   Anti-Israel sentiment and support for Hamas terrorism has gone  mainstream, and even Biden administration officials like Jake Sullivan  admit that Hamas is using popular online platforms to push propaganda.  Of course, TikTok is the enabler-in-chief in this regard.   Here are some stats for you: Between October 23 and 30, videos with  the ``StandWithPalestine'' hashtag received 285 million views globally,  while videos with ``StandWithIsrael'' hashtag received just 64 million  views.   Now, keep in mind, these stats reflect the online discourse  surrounding the deadliest massacre of Jews since the Holocaust 3 weeks  after it happened. Everyone has seen the pictures and videos of what  Hamas had done. We knew that they were holding innocent people and  families and children hostage.   It is terrible enough on its own, but we know that it is also a  symptom of a very serious disease. We have seen more than enough  evidence to suggest that TikTok's executives are manipulating user  sentiment with Israel. Why would they do this? Because leveraging the  anti-Israel cause is in the best interest of their handlers in the  Chinese Communist Party.   By silencing Americans and those who are pro-Israel and other  westerners who counter anti-Semitic propaganda, they can ingratiate  themselves with the Arab world and undermine the United States as the  global superpower and chief mediator in the Middle East.   They know that by doing this, they are normalizing terrorism and  genocide, but it puts the CCP and their partners in the new ``axis of  evil'' even one step closer to global domination, and that is their  goal. Russia, China, Iran, North Korea--that ``axis of evil''--they  intend to push themselves to global domination. So going after Israel,  going after pro-Israel, allowing anti-Semitic conversations to be  carried out, they are OK with that. They look at it and say: small  price to pay for us to be able to get our way.   Well, I have looked through the past few weeks of coverage of the  role of TikTok and how they have played into this, and I came across  story after story defending the platform and the firehose of pro- terrorist content that it promotes. And, of course, you are going to  have story after story defending TikTok--of course--because it is OK  with them to promote terrorism and to promote genocide.   Lately, those same mainstream media outlets have all been obsessed  with context, and I think we can all benefit from understanding the  context around what is happening with this content that is online.   Here is the context: The context is, the Chinese Communist Party has  complete control over what does and does not go viral on TikTok.   A Forbes investigation into TikTok and ByteDance--and ByteDance is  the Beijing company that owns TikTok, the CCP board member of  ByteDance.   So the Forbes investigation into TikTok and ByteDance revealed that a  ByteDance tool, which is run by TikTok staff in China, is tracking  mentions of what it considers to be ``sensitive words.'' They do this  across the company's products.   Now, some of these sensitive words may be things that are anti-CCP,  anti-positions of the CCP, anti-Xi Jinping or anti-Mao. Those are  considered sensitive. They draw the attention, and they get labeled by  the staff as ``sensitive words'' that are forbidden or that must be  killed or that are prohibited. In other words, TikTok is censoring the  speech, and they are, in part, blocking some posts from ever being  seen. This is why you have the hundreds of millions who are seeing pro- Hamas posts and the tens of millions who are seeing a pro-Israel post.   There is something else that we should all be aware of. And parents,  listen up on this. The tool also tracks every time one of these words  comes up. So if you are repeatedly posting something that is pro- Israel, that gets tracked every time. Also, it is recording who said  it, so your identity is revealed, and where you are located. Think  about that--who you are, where you are located, what you are saying.  That is surveillance and tracking.   Now, as this Chamber is aware, Senator Blumenthal and I and others at  Commerce and Judiciary Committees have had lots of hearings on these  social media platforms. And at one of the hearings, we had TikTok's CEO  come before Congress, and he told lawmakers, under oath, that his  platform does not promote or remove content at the request of the  Chinese Government.   What we now know? That is false. They are doing this.   But word lists in ByteDance's ``sensitive words'' tool deal directly  with content that Beijing wants to silence, including language critical  of China's Government, their military, their history.   Simply tracking speech isn't enough for communist China. They are  using these tools to control dissent. In April of this year, Joe  Biden's own Department of Justice announced that they were  investigating the CCP's use of social media platforms to hunt people  down and silence them.   They charged 40 officers of China's national police with  orchestrating transnational repression schemes against Chinese  dissidents living--get this--living in the United States. There, again,  they are coming after our citizens, trying to censure, trying to  control, trying to manipulate.   If TikTok's bias pushed their algorithm in the other direction,  Congress would have already banned it in the United States. Instead,  the vast majority of the left and their friends in the media are  treating the pervasiveness of this pro-Hamas, pro-terrorist, pro-murder  sentiment like the latest viral phenomenon.   The best, most recent example of this is the appalling popularity of  Osama bin Laden's letter to America. This  [[Page S5594]]  didn't happen on its own. We had TikTok pushing along on this. The  TikTokers thought that the architect of the 9/11 attacks made some good  points. Their obsession spread to other platforms as well. At one  point, the letter clocked in more than 719 million impressions, and  that was just on X.   TikTok eventually took down mentions of the letter, but by then the  anti-Semites had revealed themselves and exposed other young people to  the insanity in their videos. It is disgusting--absolutely disgusting-- that you would have the applauding of a letter from Osama bin Laden.   We have seen this hatred rear its head before in the form of  stalking, harassment, vandalism, and physical violence. A high school  in New York descended into chaos last week when a group of teenagers  formed a lynch mob to hunt down a Jewish teacher who had attended a  pro-Israel rally.   Earlier this month, Halal International did a poll and found that  anti-Semitism on campus has become so out of control that more than  one-third of Jewish college students feel they have to hide their  religion. This is appalling. It also shows the ignorance of many of  these young people, and it is evidence that the CCP's influence  operation has taken hold.   So it is time for the U.S. Senate to take this seriously. As I said,  it is the symptom of a disease. It is neither reasonable nor rational  to suggest that China would create a tool capable of manipulating  public opinion on a global scale and then that they would choose not to  use that tool to their advantage.   You know, we have talked a lot about TikTok and what they are doing  in this country. We have talked a lot about how TikTok in China is very  different; it is an educational tool. It is very different from what  you see here with funny videos or cat videos or some of the very  disturbing content that is being pushed on our Nation's youth.   There is bipartisan agreement that the very existence of this tool-- this surveillance, this propaganda tool--that the Chinese Communist  Party has created, which we call TikTok--there is evidence that the  very existence of this poses a threat to our national security and to  that of our allies, which means the Senate should have absolutely no  trouble throwing its support behind a ban on TikTok in the United  States.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   