 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the Democrats have been hard at work  revising American history, from the removal of statues to renaming  military bases. They truly believe they can and should erase the  history and progress we have made since our Nation was founded for  their own political benefit.   When Secretary Haaland took over as Secretary of the Interior, she  immediately made a point to politicize the Board on Geographic Names  through deeming the word ``squaw'' as derogatory. This would entail  removing any word containing squaw from any geographic landmark or  unincorporated town, resulting in the town of Squawberry in Tennessee's  First District to be renamed as Partridgeberry.   I am standing here to argue that the Federal Government has no  business renaming towns and erasing our history. This is blatant  government overreach, and we should not allow our government to  continue to force our revisionist history upon my constituents or  anybody else's constituents.   I don't believe the Founding Fathers viewed historical revision as a  key function of our government. Changing the name of small towns  throughout America, such as Squawberry, is entirely unnecessary.   When historical revisionists are given an inch, they will take a  mile. How long will it be until the Department of the Interior decides  to remove the mission of Washington or Jefferson from geographic  landmarks? I don't trust this administration to act in good faith. They  have politicized vast swaths of the government, and the Board on  Geographic Names is yet just another victim of those seeking to use our  government and its agencies as tools to further their own agenda.   For these reasons, I believe we must prohibit the funding on the  Board on Geographic Names and put an end to this woke revisionist  policy being forced upon the American public.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I go back to my original statement.  The Federal Government has no business renaming towns and erasing our  history. That should be left to local and State entities to decide.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   