 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment  which would restrict funds at the Department of the Interior and  Related Agencies from being used to finalize any rule or regulation  that have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more.   Under the current administration, the regulatory landscape has never  been worse. Regulatory agencies within the Department of the Interior  have been able to exert an extraordinary amount of power and influence  with very little oversight and very little authority to do so.   My amendment seeks to change this by requiring that any major rule  proposed by these agencies be approved by both Houses of Congress  before they can take effect. This means that the elected  Representatives of the American people here in the people's House would  have a direct say in shaping the regulations that affect our natural  resources and our public lands and that have a tremendous impact on our  everyday lives.   It means that the individuals who are closest to their constituents,  who understand the needs and concerns of their communities, will be at  the forefront of decisionmaking as our Founding Fathers intended.   By including my amendment into the Interior-Environment  appropriations bill, we send a very powerful message that we are  committed to accountable and transparent governance. We are standing up  for the principle that significant regulatory decisions should not be  made behind closed doors but rather in the open Halls of Congress where  the voices of the American people can be heard.   Since President Biden took office, the regulatory climate has added  hundreds of billions with a b of dollars in fresh regulatory costs  which are eventually passed down to consumers--our constituents.   We have seen the Biden administration's waters of the U.S. regulation  create confusion and uncertainty for landowners, farmers, and  businesses across the Nation, not to mention how expensive these  regulations have been. As American families and businesses continue to  suffer under the economic crisis caused by the disastrous Biden  policies, this administration has decided to move the country back  towards more costly and burdensome WOTUS regulations of the past-- needlessly in the process raising housing costs by hundreds of millions  of dollars when it is already in a housing crisis.   Under this administration, we have seen a proposed greenhouse gas  emission standard for heavy-duty vehicles directly impacting our  Nation's trucking by forcing costly, unachievable mandates on  enterprise fleets with thousands of trucks to small mom-and-pop family  businesses.   We have seen the regulatory overreach regarding mandatory reporting  of greenhouse gas emissions from manure management systems and  permitting requirements for livestock emissions under the Clean Air  Act. I could go on and on and on. It is clear that overreach under this  administration has been extreme and it has gone too far.   It is simple. Congress should have oversight over the EPA and other  agencies like this because this agency was established through  executive action rather than explicit congressional authorization.   Let me say that for the people in the back and the people at home.  The EPA is not even a congressionally authorized agency, and yet we  fund it.   By subjecting the EPA to congressional oversight, we ensure that  decisions made by the agency are accountable to the elected  Representatives of the people. This oversight allows for a more  transparent and balanced approach to environmental regulation allowing  for a thorough examination of policies and their potential impacts on  various stakeholders.   My amendment has the potential to reshape the way our government  operates and ensure that the power of decisionmaking is in the hands of  those who are elected to represent the interests of the American  people. It is time to become transparent and accountable to the people  whom we serve.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Chair, I agree with my colleague on the other side  of the aisle. We want to exert more transparency and more  accountability. That is what we are doing here. This amendment furthers  our ability to do just that, to hold Members of Congress accountable  for the actions that are impacting our constituents' everyday lives.  That is exactly what we are designed to do. That is Article I  authority.   We cede that authority to an unelected, nameless, and faceless  bureaucrat through the regulatory regime. These agencies have run away  with their rulemaking authority so that Congress has very little power  to roll back or claw back.   This amendment is a commonsense amendment. Earlier this year, the  same language was passed in a bipartisan manner, so there is no excuse  as to why both Republicans and Democrats cannot support these  commonsense, accountable, and transparent measures on behalf of the  American people.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.  [[Page H5318]]    