 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge Congress to confront  and act on the deadly epidemic that plagues our communities each day:  gun violence.   This is a painful topic and one that is near to my heart. In this  year alone, there has been an average of two mass shootings per day.  Gun violence continues to be the leading cause of death for children  and teens in this country.   Earlier this month, a 5-year-old girl from my district was shot and  killed by one of her family members after an argument, and the girl's  15-year-old babysitter was also shot--seven times.   Unfortunately, this is not an isolated event. In Durham, which is  located in my district, over 20 young people under the age of 17 have  been victims of gun violence since the start of this year.   Thoughts and prayers are not enough and will never be enough. Gun  violence victims, gun violence survivors, their families, and their  loved ones all deserve more. Congress must act urgently to save lives  and keep our communities safe.   The House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force has been pushing for  action by signing discharge petitions for the Bipartisan Background  Checks Act, the Assault Weapons Ban, and to block the Charleston  loophole.   This is a bipartisan issue that a majority of Americans support, but  we need support from across the aisle.   Addressing gun violence requires an all-hands-on-deck approach that  includes increasing access to mental health services, investing in  youth mentoring programs, decreasing firearm access through safe  storage, and much more.   My Republican colleagues claim to be working on this issue, but not  one of them has joined our task force to help end gun violence  nationwide. Instead, they have unilaterally worked against gun violence  prevention action on this House floor.   No one in America should have to fear for their lives in our schools,  our stores, our places of worship, our streets, or anywhere in our  communities.   House Democrats and the House Gun Violence Prevention Task Force  stand united, and we will not waiver. I encourage our colleagues on the  other side of the aisle to put their words into action and join us in  these efforts to save lives.   