 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the bottom line is this: Undermining the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau harms Americans' financial  security.   That is why today I am offering my amendment supporting the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau, the CFPB, and its independence, which is  essential in protecting Americans from predatory practices.   I offer this amendment at the urging of the Illinois Coalition For  Immigrant and Refugee Rights, an invaluable organization in my  district.   Established after the 2008 financial crisis, the CFPB protects  Americans from predatory financial practices and lenders while fighting  discrimination in the financial sector. In its first 12 years, the CFPB  has been able to return or restore over $17.5 billion to American  consumers in compensation, canceled debts, and other relief. It has  filed over 4 million complaints against companies on behalf of  consumers.   My amendment affirms that Congress should not meddle in an  independent agency and acknowledges the importance of the Bureau in  protecting consumers from exploitative practices, including when it  comes to questionable, crushing medical debt. The CFPB's work is  incredibly important, especially as medical debt continues to burden  communities in my State of Illinois and disproportionately impacts  Black and Brown people.   Across the country, 41 percent of U.S. adults currently have unpaid  medical or dental bills. I know many of them, and many of them are in  my own family.   During my time serving as executive director of an organization that  worked to advance economic opportunity, I have seen medical debt  destroy individual's and families' financial security and rob them of  their financial futures.   Medical debt puts people in impossible positions. They have to choose  between seeking necessary healthcare and paying for their basic needs  like food, housing, and heat when it is 20 degrees in Chicago.   While we could solve the challenge of crushing medical debt through  universal healthcare and Medicare for All, medical debt continues to  plague the American people.   We have to protect our communities from abusive and deceitful  practices that compound the challenges that everyday Americans face  when navigating medical emergencies. One of those deceitful practices  is deferred interest medical credit cards. Research from CFPB is  exposing the exploitive practices around these medical credit cards,  which have average interest rates 10 times higher than our average  credit cards.   Let's think about that. Our credit cards already have extremely high  interest rates. These are 10 times higher. Patients seeking medical  help who are given this option are almost always unaware of the  exploitative charges and costs if the full balance is not paid by their  deadline.   The CFPB's vital role also includes cracking down on debt collectors  who try to trick and coerce patients into paying medical debt that  unlawfully exceeds cost caps.   CFPB has been working to remove medical debt from credit reports as  medical debt should never be an indicator of someone's worth and should  never limit a person's opportunity for a prosperous and thriving life,  including access to safe, stable housing and employment opportunities.   That is why, Mr. Chair, it is critical for the CFPB to maintain its  independence from congressional meddling so that it can continue to  address practices that are harming consumers, especially predatory  lending that leads to medical debt, and to hold bad actors accountable.   As someone who is deeply concerned with housing access and  affordability, CFPB's work to remove medical debt from credit reports  would literally change the outcome for thousands of working families.  It would improve the credit scores of millions of Americans, opening up  access to rental housing, insurance, the purchase of their first home,  and even employment for many who experience barriers due to their low  credit scores.   We know that CFPB has reported that debt collectors use inaccurate or  outdated information about their medical debt. It is clear that the  CFPB serves an essential function in protecting hardworking, everyday  Americans from predatory practices and financial exploitation.   Let me say this loud and clear: An attack on the CFPB is an attack on  everyday Americans and working families. We must protect the  independent funding of the CFPB, and we have to reject every assault on  its funding structure.   We have to allow CFPB to move forward with its number one job of  protecting the American consumer.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   