 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I join my  colleagues in opposition to Senator Marshall's proposal and in support  of a supplemental funding request that  [[Page S5380]]  recognizes the breadth of our national security interests, which should  include Ukraine, Israel, and the emerging challenges in the Indo- Pacific region.   In Ukraine, as we know, Russia's brutal campaign of aggression is  threatening the country's freedom and sovereignty, and the horrific  events of October 7--1 month ago today--have forced Israel to defend  itself in response to the worst terrorist attack that they have  encountered. Both nations--both nations--face a similar threat against  adversaries that seek to destroy them: Hamas wants to wipe Israel off  the map. Putin wants to absorb Ukraine into Russia to recreate the  Soviet Union.   Now, our allies and partners have already contributed a total of  $94.1 billion to support Ukraine's war and recovery effort. And we,  alongside our international partners, recognize that the Ukrainian  people are not only defending their land and freedom, they are fighting  for the preservation of liberal democracies around the world.   What some of my colleagues overlook in their singular campaign in  support of Israel is just how closely the fate of Ukraine and Israel  are tied together, and there is one country which links both of those  countries together. That country is Iran. Iran has been complicit in  Russia's actions in Ukraine, exporting weapons and drones which inflict  further bloodshed and harm on the Ukrainian people, and Iran is backing  Hamas, which is waging war on the State of Israel.   And what is especially egregious is the blatant display of their  malign partnership. Last week, Putin hosted Hamas and Iranian  leadership, and Hamas expressed appreciation for Russia's criticism of  Israeli sanctions.   This bill that Senator Marshall is proposing would also cost the  Federal government $27 billion--almost double what it provides to  support Israel--and Senator Van Hollen has been very eloquent in the  reasons why that seems to be in the bill.   But it also strips out essential funding we need to address: the  pacing threat from China in the Indo-Pacific. It ignores the  humanitarian needs for both Ukraine and Israel. But most important, we  can't pick and choose when the United States stands on the side of  freedom and democracy. Do we really want to give a green light to  Vladimir Putin to continue his revisionist crusade across Europe? Do we  really want to give the impression to the allies and adversaries that  the United States can't be depended on as a trusted partner? Do we  really want to sow doubt in President Xi's mind that the United States  will stand up for a free and open Indo-Pacific?   Our adversaries want the United States to fall short in standing up  for our allies. They want us to be divided. We need to show them that  we are united, and I am very pleased that Leader McConnell and  Appropriations Vice Chair Collins and so many of our Republican  colleagues are in full support of a holistic supplemental funding  package. It is important that we fund this holistic response to address  both Israel and Ukraine's needs, which includes humanitarian support  for both Israel and Ukraine. I yield to my colleague from Minnesota.   