 Madam President, I appreciate the opportunity to be  on the floor this afternoon with my colleague from Kansas.   It is 2 months ago tomorrow that Hamas carried out these horrific  attacks in Israel. Now, bear in mind that the Jewish State--and this is  the world's only Jewish State--is in a fight for their very survival  because Hamas has decided that they are going to continue this. They  said October 7 was basically the beginning. And they continued to do  this over and over and over.   Now, this is why we have said let's deal with the aid to Israel and  do it separately from Ukraine and from Taiwan. And let's also talk  about our border. So there is a reason for what we are doing.   Now, I know that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle do not  want to have a pay-for. House Republicans have chosen to have the pay- for. And yes, indeed, this Chamber needs to be working with the House  to fund a resolution to this issue. And I appreciate that my colleague  from Washington brought up the fact that we need to work through this  issue. Indeed, we do. So let's work through these issues separately.    When it comes to Israel aid, there are some urgent needs that are  there. There is $4 billion to replenish the Iron Dome. This is a  wonderful technology that we have worked with Israel in creating. It is  incredibly effective. They need $4 billion for replenishment.   Bear in mind--I said Hamas has told us--they did it once; they are  going to do this again.   They need $1 billion for munitions. They need $50 million for help to  evacuate Americans, $150 million to help secure our Embassy in  Jerusalem.   And using the money that was set aside for additional IRS agents but  has not been used--that makes sense to Tennesseans, that we would do  that.   I tell you where Tennesseans do have a problem. They look at our  national debt, $34 trillion. That is about $100,000 for every man,  woman, and child.   I have a grandbaby who will be 4 months old tomorrow--his debt share,  $100,000.   Think about what we are doing. Think about what effect this will have  18, 19, 20 years from now, when that child draws their first paycheck,  and how it is going to limit their opportunity.   Another thing that doesn't seem to make sense, while we all agree  that Israel needs to receive their funding, Tennesseans don't want this  to come attached with billions of dollars for other programs, like $10  billion for global humanitarian assistance and more than $2 billion for  assistance to resettle refugees.   This is something that separately needs our attention. If we want to  talk about securing borders, let's secure our border first. When we  talk about aid to Israel, let's do it, and let's pay for it.   I appreciate my colleague from Kansas.   I yield the floor.   