 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S.J.  Res. 11. This resolution reverses EPA's extreme emissions standards for  heavy-duty trucks. President Biden is shamelessly pushing  electrification of the entire transportation sector without regard for  the significant environmental, economic, and national security risks it  will cause.   We should not allow the Biden administration to continue implementing  this plan without additional congressional guidance.   Heavy-duty trucks are essential to the transport of agricultural  products and consumer goods to people across the country. In short, the  availability of trucking is directly tied to our standard of living,  food security, and ability to afford everyday life.   EPA's heavy-duty trucks rule applies to trucks of all sizes from the  Ford F-250 to semitrucks. EPA's own estimates say it could cost more  than $8,000 per semitruck to meet their standards.   The cost will be passed directly to Americans, many who live paycheck  to paycheck. Imagine someone who is already being forced to make tough  choices for their family at the grocery store, the gas pump, and the  pharmacy. Virtually every product they are buying--as well as the ones  they can no longer afford--is transported by a truck at some point.   With the EPA's rule, they will be paying and sacrificing even more  for food, clothing, fixing their homes, and trying to provide for their  families.   EPA's regulatory effort on heavy-duty trucks would impose extensive  and expensive regulations; increase costs for trucking companies, many  of which are small businesses; and ultimately fail to significantly  reduce emissions.   The American people cannot afford the financial burdens. It is our  responsibility as Members of Congress, the elected Representatives of  the people, to address Agency overreach, especially when it would  directly and negatively impact the lives of Americans and drive  inflation higher.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Senator Fischer and Representative Nehls for  leading on the Senate and the House resolutions on this important  issue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support S.J. Res. 11.   