 Mr. Chairman, I find it disingenuous for the other side of  the aisle to continue to talk about polluters over people, and here is  why:   The Democrats are the ones that are wanting to pollute our  environment. They are the ones that are supporting electrification,  which requires batteries and rare earth minerals. Those same rare earth  minerals that go into those batteries are being mined in China or other  countries across the world with no regulations. They continue to  pollute the environment, so to suggest that this bill is harming the  environment is just ridiculous.   Since President Biden took office, Americans have felt the pain of  skyrocketing energy costs. Gas prices have reached historical highs and  are still well over 40 percent of what they were when he was sworn in.   Time and again, this administration has caved to environmental  justice groups and held up critical energy infrastructure projects,  canceling lease sales, and weaponizing the permitting process to cater  to their political agenda.   This is why the Lower Energy Costs Act is so critical. This  legislation provides important safeguards to lower energy costs and  help streamline the pace of projects by putting in place deadlines for  filing litigation on final agency actions concerning energy and mining  projects.   The Federal permitting process is one of the most lengthy, arduous  constraints that can delay projects for decades. I am glad to see vital  fixes in the legislation, including my bill, the BLM Mineral Spacing  Act, which removes duplicative environmental reviews and the need for  Federal permitting when the Federal Government has no surface rights or  only a minority share in the subsurface minerals.   If the Biden administration truly wanted to lower energy costs, the  President's budget wouldn't have removed intangible drilling cost  deductions. If these vital provisions were eliminated, it would not  only result in increased energy prices, but it would also cost the U.S.  over 250,000 jobs and would have a disparate impact throughout the  Nation.   I am committed to cutting bureaucratic red tape, especially for our  hardworking energy producers who have dealt with the stifling  regulations from the Biden administration, and H.R. 1 is the first step  toward lowering energy costs.   The legislation is a commonsense, all-of-the-above approach, and  promotes American energy producers. Simply put, we need to get back to  what we do best--allowing Americans, like those in my home State of  Oklahoma, to power our Nation with clean, affordable, and reliable  energy.    