 Madam Speaker, I join my Democratic colleagues in  opposing, on the strongest terms, all forms of political violence.   That is something that this resolution fails to do. This resolution  fails to acknowledge decades of well-documented violence against  reproductive healthcare providers in this country. In failing to do so,  it fails us all.   I have seen that violence firsthand. More than 30 years ago, when I  was a teenager, I stood in defense of our local Planned Parenthood as  anti-abortion protesters tried to chain themselves to the doors to  prevent women from going in not only to get abortion care but to get  their Pap smears, their birth control, HIV tests, and other services. A  few years later, a well-known anti-abortion activist drove a van  through the same door of that same Planned Parenthood.   Like I said, I welcome the opportunity to vote on legislation that  condemns all forms of political violence, but the resolution's  purposeful omission of abortion providers and patients, and what that  suggests, is why I am voting ``no'' today, and I urge my colleagues to  do the same.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 26 and to  its very name because it is not about what House Republicans claim it  is about, because what they claim it is about isn't a thing.   What this bill is about is an assault on the health, rights,  equality, and dignity of American women and the people who provide  their reproductive healthcare.   It is an assault we have seen in my home State of Texas where women  having miscarriages are being turned away from the hospitals and told  to come back when they are closer to dying, where doctors fear, and are  told, that they cannot meet the standard of care for their patients.   Providers and patients are afraid of misleading bills like this one  criminalizing healthcare.   But, of course, that is the point, isn't it?   I stand here today, and I will stand here every day, to oppose this  bill and others like it, to talk about the real healthcare crisis  facing women today, and to urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   