 Mr. President, I come to the floor today, thrilled to  announce major progress on something that I have been working on since  my earliest days here in the U.S. Senate: replacing the I-5 bridge  between Vancouver, WA, and Portland, OR.   Late last week, the administration began the notification and review  process for grants from the brand new Mega Grant Program we all worked  together to establish in the bipartisan infrastructure law, and I was  proud to help write the provisions that made sure the Mega Program was  funded when we passed that law. So I am ecstatic that the I-5 Bridge  Replacement Project will be receiving $600 million in Federal funding  from the Mega Grant Program to move us forward on a project that is  hugely important to Washington State, to the Pacific Northwest, and  really the entire country.   This has been a long time coming, and I should know because I have  been there for just about every step of this journey. I remember  meeting with Senator Hatfield from Oregon when I was first elected to  talk about the need to replace the I-5 crossing between our States-- Washington and Oregon--which was already in bad condition in  [[Page S6038]]  the 1990s. We sat down with folks to hold one of the first of many,  many, many conversations about what needed to be done and how we could  make it happen.   Then, in 2003, as the top Democrat on the Appropriations Subcommittee  on Transportation, I held a hearing in Vancouver to discuss why this  project was so important. Back then, I was raising the alarm about  predictions that peak congestion for traffic would hit 10 hours by  2020. And wouldn't you know it, today, we are dealing with 7 to 10  hours of slow-moving traffic during the morning and evening rush hours.   Ever since I held that field hearing 20 years ago, I have continued  to champion this project at every possible opportunity and every  juncture over the years--from securing tens of millions of dollars in  Federal funding for the early stages of this project back when it was  known as the Columbia River Crossing to sitting down with stakeholders  and community leaders dozens of times and holding countless  conversations on the thorny issues of moving ahead with a massive  project like this, to passing a new provision into law to ease the  FTA's evaluation process for multimodal projects and make the I-5  Bridge Replacement Project more competitive for Federal funding, and of  course pressing hard to keep this dream alive when previous efforts  fell apart. It has not been easy.   As anyone who has been involved in this process over the years knows,  there have been no shortage of challenges and setbacks. And, make no  mistake, we still have a lot more work to do to see this project  through, but failing to replace the I-5 bridge has never been an option  to me because I know how important this is to Southwest Washington and,  really, to the entire region.   Let me just spell out the stakes for everyone here because too often  we take our infrastructure for granted and ignore it until it  completely fails. In just about every conversation I have had about the  I-5 replacement project over the years, I have been clear we cannot  afford to forget about this because, if we keep kicking the can down  the road, one of these days, that entire bridge will collapse.   I am not about to sit back and let that happen. We are talking about  infrastructure that dates back to World War I. We have over 130,000  cars a weekday and nearly $100 billion of goods a year driving bumper  to bumper across an antique that is at serious risk of collapse in the  event of an earthquake, which is not exactly unheard of in our region.  That is a recipe for disaster. It is frightening for everyone who has  to drive across that bridge every day, and it is a huge economic  liability for the businesses and communities who rely on the goods that  are trucked over it.   And beyond the risk of collapse in the future, there are losses  caused by traffic we are seeing today, which is hampering billions of  dollars in trade and commerce and stealing one of people's most  precious and irreplaceable resources: their time. It is wasting hours  of their lives every day, making them late for work, making them get  home late, and keeping them away from their family and friends and  loved ones.   Replacing this bridge that is overcrowded, over 100 years old, and  underprepared for an earthquake should be a no-brainer, especially  since this project also includes vital transit and roadway improvements  like extending the light rail from Portland, OR, to Vancouver, WA, and  making the crossing safer and more accessible for cyclists and  pedestrians.   As everyone who has been involved in this discussion knows, Mega  funding is critical to building out those key components of the  project. This is a great and important reminder for all of my  colleagues. Good things happen when we all roll up our sleeves and work  together to make good bipartisan legislation a reality.   So a special thank-you especially to the 10 bipartisan Senators whose  resolve and determination to work together and hammer out the details  of the legislation made the bipartisan infrastructure law a reality.   Now, the importance and urgency of this project should be obvious.  Unfortunately, as someone who has had to make this argument over and  over again, I can tell you it has not always been the case. Much like  the citizens on the I-5, this bridge replacement project has been stuck  in gridlock way too long. I have been pushing hard for years to keep  this moving forward, and with this announcement, we are now making big  progress.   So I really was delighted to announce this major progress toward  securing funding which I have worked on for so long, along with my  amazing partners like Vancouver Mayor Anne McEnerny-Ogle, State Senator  Annette Cleveland, Secretary Roger Millar at the Washington State  Department of Transportation, Greg Johnson and his incredible staff,  all of our Southwest Washington labor allies, and so many others who  joined me in this effort over so many years. This Mega grant will be an  important mile marker and a sign that we are finally picking up speed.   Now, I am determined to secure the additional Federal funding we will  need to get this done, but this announcement is bringing a goal we have  been working on together for decades--replacing the I-5 crossing-- closer into view, and that is a big deal. I am as ready as I have ever  been to keep moving forward and finish the job.   I yield the floor.   