 Mr. Chair, I remind my colleagues, last night while  they charged their phones, this morning when they brewed their cup of  coffee, or even considered maybe putting on a mask for the third year  in a row, and even this very moment as we stand in this Chamber with  the lights on, the mics working, the AC turned down very, very low, for  every one of these actions, they have an American energy worker to  thank for it.   Instead of being grateful, Joe Biden and D.C. Democrats have waged a  war on the American energy production, and the consequences have been  devastating for the American people. Gas prices are up 44 percent, and  instead of trying to enable moms and dads to get to and from work  without breaking the bank, my Democratic colleagues are still suffering  from Trump derangement syndrome. I don't know, maybe Pfizer has a  vaccine for that one.   You know, in my district, we have been regulated into poverty because  of Democrat policies pushing oil and gas out of our communities. Now,  moms who could have stayed home are forced to get a job to supplement  the income that is lost from the good-paying job that dad no longer  has. Then there are the childcare struggles that they are facing and  the inflation struggles that they are facing that my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle, Mr. Chairman, have created.   Mr. Chairman, instead of screaming: ``Orange man bad'' on TikTok,  maybe they should come up with some real solutions because that isn't  going to solve the problems that America is facing.   American Republicans are focused on delivering policy solutions to  address those problems. H.R. 1 includes my bill, the American Energy  Act, which will reduce gas prices by providing certainty for  responsible energy production and preventing baseless litigation. After  all, no one produces better, safer, cleaner energy than us right here  in the United States of America.   Mr. Chairman, it is past time House Democrats start to have a little  empathy and dismount their moral high horse of climate change. There  are thousands of children currently today slaving away in the Congo at  Chinese-owned mines. They have to dig for cobalt with their bare hands.  Instead of freeing these slaves and even ourselves from the need of  this resource, they want to buy more Chinese-made products. It is clear  they have a climate religion. They worship the Earth while I worship  the creator, not the creation.   We are here to be good stewards of our land, so stop sacrificing the  American families at your altar of climate change. The choice here is  simple. America can continue to rely on foreign energy produced by  nations that hate us----    Mr. Chairman, the choice is simple. America can  continue to rely on foreign energy produced by nations that hate us and  hate our values, or we can become energy independent once again.   Pursue energy dominance and put the American roughneck before OPEC,  and maybe, just maybe, we put the American people before the Green New  Deal lobbyists.   Mr. Chairman, I strongly support the passage of H.R. 1.   