 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to begin today by noting that  it is D-day, and 79 years ago today, we had brave men that stormed the  beaches at Normandy. There were Tennesseans among those, and  Tennesseans have chosen to very selflessly serve this country.   The ``Volunteer State'' has a long and rich tradition of military  service. They have fought in every major conflict in the history of our  country, going all the way to the Revolutionary War. Even our moniker,  ``the Volunteer State,'' is a nod to that tradition. It was made famous  by the 5,000 citizen soldiers of the Tennessee Militia who left their  families at the drop of a hat to protect our young nation during the  War of 1812.   We have a responsibility to care for the brave men and women who  guarantee our freedom for future generations. As a Member of the Senate  Veterans Affairs Committee, I have spent the past few years watching  various officials fail at this task, especially as it relates to making  sure our veterans receive timely access to quality healthcare that they  deserve.   Despite increased facility staffing over the past several  administrations, despite each administration pushing for internal  process improvements and expanded community care and telehealth  options, the VA still cannot manage to perform this one basic task,  which is timely access to quality healthcare.   There are examples of this. I know the Acting President pro tempore  has them in the State of Vermont, and I have them in the State of  Tennessee. There is no better illustration of this than with the VA  facilities in Dover and Clarksville, TN. These are the only two VA  facilities in Tennessee within 50 miles of Fort Campbell, which is the  second largest Army installation in the mainland United States. It sits  on the Tennessee-Kentucky border.   The Fort Campbell area is home not only to thousands of Active-Duty  servicemembers, but thousands more veterans and their families live in  this area. So you would think the VA would pay some special attention  to this area, but, of course, that is not the case.   If veterans want to see a primary care provider at the VA--now, this  is a primary care provider. If these veterans in Tennessee want to see  a primary care provider, then, for the Clarksville facility, they have  to wait 48 days and 76 days at Dover. Think about that. This is not  anecdotal; those were the actual numbers released by the VA at 11:30  this morning. We double-checked the numbers. Think about that. If you  have a backache, if you have a cold, if you have bad headaches, if you  have a hearing issue, if you have a knee issue, just to see the primary  care physician, you will wait 76 days if you are going to the VA  facility in Dover, TN.   This is the reality for hundreds of thousands of our veterans across  the country. It is absolutely unacceptable. Congress has tried to  intervene. The Veterans Community Care Program, which we established as  part of the VA MISSION Act of 2018, allows veterans to seek care  outside the VA when wait times at those facilities exceed certain  benchmarks. The program has helped to alleviate some of those wait  times, but it is obvious there is still a lot of work that has to be  done on that.   Here is the problem. The problem is that the VA has wrapped this  program up in endless layers of redtape. It is obvious that the VA  employees and the union, I am sure, are not wanting individuals to get  into community care, so what do they do? They try to make this program  unacceptable. They don't want veterans in this program.   Just take a look at all of the hoops veterans have to jump through  before they can see a doctor. Look at this list. Bear in mind as you  look at this list that we promised these veterans--it was part of the  promise to them when they enlisted, when they raised their hand, when  they took that oath, when they signed up to serve, to protect, to  defend this Nation and our freedom. But here is what they have to do.  First of all, they have to request the appointment. They can't just  show up and say: I need to see a doctor. They have to request it, and  they have to wait for the VA to certify that they are eligible and to  do an eligibility review.   So they call and request the appointment, and the VA says: We are  going to get back to you. First of all, we have to verify your  eligibility.   Then it goes into a stack of things to be done. Once the bureaucrats  decide they are going to move forward on that request, on that case,  the veteran still has to wait for confirmation from the VA that they  can indeed go see the doctor. Then they have to wait for the VA to  prepare and review a referral for the primary care doctor. Only when  that comes in can they finally schedule the appointment.   But they are not done yet. There is still more. Before that veteran  can see a doctor, they need an authorization letter from the VA in  their hand--a paper copy of an authorization letter from the VA that  they take to the VA. How ridiculous can this possibly be?   Once they do finally see a doctor, they have to wait and hope the VA  remembers to pay the bill. Then, heaven forbid that veteran needs a  followup appointment or another referral.   This is why, in Clarksville, TN, all of these steps take 48 days and,  in Dover, TN, 76 days. In some parts of the country, it takes 100 days  to see a primary care physician.   This is a bureaucratic nightmare, and our Nation's veterans deserve  better than this. If Secretary McDonough and his friends can't get the  job done, then Congress is going to need to step in and intervene. That  is why I reintroduced the Veterans Health Care Freedom Act, which would  allow veterans  [[Page S1972]]  to bypass the VA's bureaucracy and choose the care they want to  receive.   The bill creates a 3-year pilot program within the VA's Center for  Care and Payment Innovation that will take the VA largely out of that  referral process. The VA can test-drive this program in at least four  different Veterans Integrated Services Networks. Those are called  VISNs. It would allow the veterans to find and schedule necessary  appointments at non-VA medical facilities.   In other words, if they want to go to a doctor in their hometowns, if  they want to go to a hospital in their hometowns, if they are taking  cancer treatments and they want to do that at the local hospitals, let  them do it, and send the bill to the VA.    It would also require the VA to give veterans information about  eligibility requirements, cost sharing, treatments, and providers so  that they have the information they need right there at their  fingertips to be able to make their decisions.   In doing this, we would give the VA 4 years to figure this out--to  run these pilot programs and to figure out how to let veterans get the  healthcare they need when they need it and at the facilities that are  most convenient for them. Surely to goodness, the VA ought to be able  to figure this out in 4 years.   We really owe it to our veterans to get them the best care as quickly  as possible. If we want to do that, we have to put more power into  their hands. Give them the information, the choices, the options. The  bureaucrats have proven to us time and time again that they are just  not going to make this easy. They are not going to make it simple for a  veteran to access community care.   In Tennessee, I hear from veterans all the time. They are a 2-hour or  a 3-hour drive away from a VA facility. Somebody has to take off work  and drive them to the appointments. Somebody has to take off work when  they have to go back for the referral. Let's let them go in their home  communities where they can access the care they need.   I am so committed to continuing to work on this to solve this problem  for our Nation's veterans. I am working with Chairman Tester, Ranking  Member Moran, and my colleagues on the Senate Veterans' Affairs  Committee so that we can make good on the promises we have made to our  veterans. It is time to stop the false promises to the men and women  who have served this Nation.   I would ask each Member of this Chamber for their support in bringing  the Veterans Health Care Freedom Act in front of the full committee for  consideration.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that we yield  back the remaining time and that the vote scheduled at 5:30 p.m. begin.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following law clerk and intern from my office be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of the Congress: Bessie Blackburn and  Roswell Cole.   