 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Monday marked 22 years since the 9/11  terrorist  [[Page S4425]]  attacks on our Nation. Although we are now over two decades removed  from one of the greatest tragedies in our Nation's history, the  memories remain in our minds as if it had just happened yesterday. We  will never forget.   Many of us were here that day, including me, and I certainly will  never forget that awful horrible tragic day. Those horrific events in  New York City and Washington, DC, and Shanksville, PA, forever changed  the national security of the United States of America. Our Nation  banded together, and we supported one another as we rebuilt and  recovered.   As part of our collective response, we saw the beginnings of the  Global War on Terror. Together, with the help of our allies, we made  significant progress in countering violent extremism and eliminating  the territorial gains that the Islamic State had made.   While this threat still remains today, we made progress in  diminishing the ability of terrorists to harm Americans. Now we are  again seeing the landscape of our national security shift as we are  facing a new challenge of rising threats from nations like Russia and  China.   Putin's unwarranted aggression has created a large-scale ground war  in the European continent--something that was really nearly unthinkable  just a few short years ago.   Adding to that, we are witnessing the unprecedented buildup of the  Chinese military state. Make no mistake, those Chinese military  investments were made with U.S. capabilities in mind.   Nations that directly oppose U.S. values and interests are beginning  to create an uneasy closeness with one another. Just yesterday, North  Korea's leader, Kim Jong Un, pledged ``full and unconditional support''  for Russia's Vladimir Putin. And we don't know what the behind-the- scenes conversations were or the tradeoffs that were made.   This is something that we must monitor closely, and it demands a  collective and united response. The growing threat from China was  something that I discussed with the United States Indo-Pacific Command  leaders when I met with them over August. This is a real threat and  underscores the importance of working with our allies in this region.   Our allies in the Indo-Pacific area are very important when it comes  to both deterrence efforts and facilitating U.S. operations in the  event of a crisis or conflict. That cooperation is a key piece in our  ability to protect the power that the United States has led with.   The AUKUS agreement between Australia, the United Kingdom, and the  United States further cements this relationship and ensures that we  will become even more interoperable with our allies in the Indo- Pacific.   We need to maintain a strong military posture in this region and  bolster our cybersecurity and technological abilities to ensure that  our Nation and our allies will be ready for any and all threats that we  may face.   The intrinsic relationship between China and Taiwan and Russia and  Ukraine cannot be lost on us. There is no doubt that China and Xi  Jinping are closely watching Russia's attempted land grab and are  taking notes of the united resistance that they are now facing.  Stopping Russia in Ukraine will send a clear and direct signal to China  that violent, unwarranted aggression will be met with a swift and  unified response.   It is vitally important to recognize that supporting Ukraine  explicitly and clearly strengthens our own national security. I truly  believe that is a fact. Our support for Ukraine has benefited the  United States by illuminating vulnerabilities in our own defense  industrial base, which we now have the opportunity to remedy. Without  this, we might not have discovered these issues until a crisis of our  own, and these production challenges would have severely disabled our  ability to defend ourselves and strengthen our U.S. warfighters in a  time of conflict.   It is important to recognize that funding Congress has appropriated  in support of Ukraine is going directly back into our own capabilities.  This has initiated facilities upgrades at our ammo plants. It has  boosted production at our defense industrial base sites and funded  replenishment of our own U.S. arsenal.   As Leader McConnell mentioned on Monday, by showing support for  Ukraine, Americans are making strides in our competition with China, we  are degrading the Russian military capacity, we are encouraging our  allies to ``Buy American,'' and we are reassuring the importance of  investing in their own defense. We have seen this directly from our  allies like Australia and Japan, which are making serious investments  in their defense capabilities, or the UK, which has also pledged  meaningful military support for Ukraine.   Moving forward, NATO members need to take the commitment to pledge 2  percent of their GDP towards defense more seriously and move at the  speed of the threats that we face.   One thing is for certain: This is not a time to show weakness.  However, President Biden and his administration have unfortunately not  shown the strength needed in the face of these rising threats. We saw  this in the botched withdrawal in Afghanistan in 2021, where 13 of our  servicemembers senselessly--senselessly--lost their lives, or just this  weekend when President Biden claimed, while he was on a trip to the Far  East, that ``we're all better off if China does well.'' And then on  9/11, of all days, the Biden administration notified Congress that they  are negotiating with the leading sponsor of terrorism--Iran--and  sending $6 billion in frozen assets with little or no accountability.   Actions like these endanger every American abroad and display a level  of deficiency that is inconsistent--inconsistent--with the true  standing and power that the United States has.   We are currently at a pivotal moment in our history, both in the  history of our Nation but also the history of the world. American  leadership has always transcended nefarious forces. That, I am  confident in. We must always lead with the strength that defines this  leadership and work to ensure that our national security remains the  foremost priority that it deserves to be.   My own State of West Virginia, which has deep roots of military  service and patriotism, has established a growing presence and  participation in our national defense infrastructure. West Virginia  companies and universities are stepping up and are contributing in  increasingly important ways to the military industrial base in this  country. From ammunition production to cybersecurity advancements and  critical components for vehicles, aircraft, and weapons, West Virginia  is leading the way. Our country must follow this example and continue  this level of investment into our national security, with each and  every one of us contributing to the proud tradition of American  leadership.   I yield the floor.   