 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, under the Biden administration,  the Department of Agriculture is being forced to pander to the left's  extreme ideology instead of helping farmers in rural communities.   While farmers struggle with the increasing cost of inputs caused by  the Biden administration, the Biden Department of Agriculture is  focusing on equity and climate change.   The Department of Agriculture's job is to support farmers and rural  communities, not political equity reports.   I urge my colleagues to stand with me and support this amendment to  ensure that no funds go toward the Biden administration's woke agenda  policies.   Let us refocus the USDA on its core mission of supporting farmers in  rural communities.   I urge the adoption of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, it is time to refocus the USDA on  its core mission of supporting our farmers and rural communities.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Chair, the FDA is no place for the  left to push their radical climate agenda. While farmers face real  problems, like rising input costs, the left wants to make sure that the  green bad deal infiltrates every aspect of our lives.   Under the Biden administration, the USDA came out with an Action Plan  for Climate Adaptation and Resilience. Instead of promoting the left's  climate priorities, USDA should be focused on promoting policies that  actually help farmers. That is why my amendment makes sure no Federal  funds go toward the USDA's climate hubs. I urge my colleagues to vote  ``yes'' on the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, with due respect to the  gentleman from Georgia, the farmers in my district recognize climate  change as summer, winter, spring, and fall, and we would like the USDA  to focus on policies that actually help producers and rural  communities.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Chair, President Biden's COVID mandate  was illegal and unconstitutional, but his radical administration tried  to force it through anyway. We will never forget that President Biden  tried to use the Federal Government to fire 84 million struggling  Americans from their jobs.   Congress must pass this amendment to ensure that the Federal  Government cannot implement its radical COVID agenda on Americans ever  again.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, we need to pass this amendment  so that this can never happen again.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the American people do not want  their tax dollars going to the creation of the Obama communist climate  corps, which is a leftwing indoctrination program for young people that  advances Communist China's attack on American energy and promotes  China's solar panels, lithium batteries, and windmills.   Congress must prohibit funding for this green bad deal army and  reverse the America last agenda. Barack Obama's communist revolution to  fundamentally transform America kills our domestic energy production.   Obama flies on private jets and has beachfront mansions. He doesn't  care about climate, and he doesn't think the oceans are rising.  Taxpayers do not want to fund the foot soldiers of Obama's communist  revolution.   Mr. Chair, I urge the adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   