 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to support the  nomination of Ambassador Elizabeth Richard to be Coordinator for  Counterterrorism.   Ambassador Richard is an eminently qualified candidate to lead the  State Department's Bureau of Counterterrorism, and it is well past time  that we confirm her nomination. Having already served our country as  U.S. Ambassador to Lebanon, Ambassador Richard is deeply familiar with  the geostrategic and counterterrorism issues facing the Middle East.   Throughout her career, she has worked across the region to advance  U.S. national security interests and support the safety of the American  people. That is why I believe she is exceptionally qualified to serve  as the Coordinator for Counterterrorism, and it is a role that needs to  be filled urgently.   The counterterrorism challenges that we currently face and could face  in the future are crystalized in the detention and displaced person  camps in Syria. Mingled together in camps across northeastern Syria are  an estimated 12,000 suspected ISIS fighters and 60,000 women and  children who have possible ISIS affiliation. The humanitarian  conditions in those detainee camps are dire. And compounding the  pressure of ISIS extremists are inadequate medical facilities,  insufficient sanitation, and lack of access to schooling.   Last fall, the Syrian Democratic Forces, supported by U.S. troops,  completed the 24-day security operation which yielded 300 ISIS  operative terrorists and freed 6 women from slavery.   This is a crisis waiting to happen.   I have heard very directly from General Kurilla, who is the head of  CENTCOM, about his concerns at the detainee camps. This is another  reason why we urgently need a senior official in place to lead the U.S.  Government's efforts to work toward closing the camps, to address the  humanitarian and security concerns in the camps, and to coalesce the  international support that is needed to achieve the enduring defeat of  ISIS.   Under the Biden administration, the Coordinator for Counterterrorism  has also served as the ISIS Detainee Coordinator. That is a role which  my bipartisan legislation, the Syria Detainee and Displaced Persons  Act, would codify. Along with Senators Graham, Menendez, and Risch, I  introduced this legislation to ensure that the U.S. Government has a  senior official working to coordinate all lines of effort to address  the causes and consequences of the ISIS detainee camps in Syria.   The creation of this position was originally a recommendation of the  Syria Study Group, and it would empower the coordinator to lead on all  diplomatic engagements and the planning regarding the future of ISIS  detainees. But as Ambassador Richard's nomination to be the Coordinator  for Counterterrorism has been stalled by Republicans, this important  position has been unfilled.   Right now, we have hundreds of general officers who are being held up  by one of our Republican colleagues. They can't take their promotions  and move on to their next deployments because they are being held up.  We have multiple ambassadorial nominees who are being held up, like  Ambassador Richard.   We hear that one of our colleagues from Ohio is planning to hold up  all nominees to the Justice Department.   These are not games we are playing here. These are not games. These  are serious issues that affect the ability of the United States to  compete in a global environment, and holding up the people whom we need  in positions to address the critical challenges facing this country is  really just unacceptable.   I hope we can move Ambassador Richard's nomination, just as I hope  our colleagues are going to stop their obstructionism and let us move  on the other nominees who are critical to ensuring our national  security.   With that in mind, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the consideration of the following nomination: Calendar No. 144,  Elizabeth H. Richard, to be Coordinator for Counterterrorism; that the  Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate;  that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.    Mr. President, I am very disappointed that Senator Cruz  continues to hold up a nomination that is so critical to our national  security.   We need a counterterrorism coordinator in place. We need that to  ensure that the complex issues that require a whole-of-government  approach have the attention and focus that are needed to advance U.S.  policy and to protect this country.   This isn't a partisan issue. As you pointed out, I voted with the  majority to condemn Soleimani and to support the strike that took him  out. But we have been without a Senate-confirmed coordinator for over 2  years, and it is past time that we confirm Ambassador Richard.   I think my colleague is punishing Ambassador Richard, who served for  most of her tenure under a Republican administration, under former  President Trump. So if you didn't agree with what she was doing, that  was the Trump administration that was in place during most of her  years.   I am very familiar with the tragic case of Amer Fakhoury, who was a  constituent of mine, and his family I still continue to be in touch  with. I worked very hard with his family, with Robert O'Brien, the  National Security Advisor under the Trump administration, and I  appreciated Senator Cruz's help on that sanctions legislation. But I  don't remember Senator Cruz on all of those calls we had almost weekly  with Ambassador Richard to talk about what else we might be able to do  to be able to free Amer Fakhoury.   It is a tragic case, but punishing a former ambassador for U.S.  policy in Lebanon is not the way to empower future diplomats to do what  we need to have them do. It is ensuring that they get into their  position and that they support the policies.   I am afraid that your opposition--just like all of the opposition  that we are hearing from our colleague Senator Tuberville on the  military promotions and that we are hearing from our colleague J.D.  Vance on holding up judicial appointments--is going to have a chilling  effect on the ability of our diplomats to do what they need to do.    In fact, on Ambassador Richard's watch, the United States imposed  more sanctions designations on Hezbollah individuals and entities than  it had ever done previously.   I am just going to read some of these because I think they are  telling, as you talk about how weak she was on terrorists.   In January 9, 2017, Ali Damush and Mustafa Mughniyeh were sanctioned  for support for Hezbollah.   On February 3--I am going to have trouble reading all of these  names--Hasan Deghan Ebrahimi, who is an IRGC official who was based in  Lebanon at the time, Muhammad Farhat, Yahya al-Hajj, and several  affiliated companies in Lebanon were sanctioned for operating a support  network for the IRGC-QF.   On May 16, Barly Offshore, a Lebanese-based front company to support  transactions from Syria, was sanctioned.   On May 19, Hashem Safieddine was sanctioned for serving as a senior  leader in Hezbollah.   On November 1, the Department maintained and amended a prior  designation of the Azzam Brigades as a foreign terrorist organization,  citing its role in the 2014 attack in Lebanon. That was in 2017.   In 2018, on February 2, Lebanon-based Jihad Muhammad Qansu, Ali  Muhammad Qansu, Issam Ahmad Saad, Nabil Mahmoud Assaf, and Iraq-based  Abdul Latif Saad and Muhammad Badr-Al-Din for acting for or on behalf  of Hezbollah member and financier Adham Tabaja or his company, Al-Inmaa  Engineering and Contracting, were sanctioned.   On April 18, Barakat transnational criminal organization--also known  as Barakat alien smuggling organization--Syria, Lebanon, United Arab  Emirates, Turkey, Brazil, Colombia, Guatemala, Venezuela, Panama,  Mexico, for smuggling Syrians and Lebanese into the United States  across the southwestern U.S. border.   On May 15, Qasir Muhammad--Mohammed Jaafar; AKA Fadi; AKA Gholi,  Hossein; AKA Majid; AKA Salah, Shaykh--for acting on behalf of  Hezbollah and working with the IRGC-QF to transfer funds.   On May 16, Hassan Nasrallah--I am sure you remember that--the  secretary-general of Hezbollah, alongside Naim Qasim, Muhammad Yazbak,  Husayn Al-Khalil, and Ibrahim al-Amin al-Sayyid, for their roles in  Hezbollah's Shura Council, the primary decision-making body in  Hezbollah, were sanctioned.   On May 17--I mean, these go on for three more pages, all of the  designations of sanctions that were made during Ambassador Richard's  tenure.   So I think the Senator from Texas has a different understanding of  what happened in Lebanon. I don't think these are the actions of  someone who is soft on Hezbollah.   But, as I said earlier, unfortunately, Ambassador Richard's  nomination is not an outlier. Around the world, the United States faces  reduced diplomatic influence because of partisan obstruction by our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle.   When Ambassadors are not in place to advance U.S. interests, it is  the American people who pay the price because without confirmed  Ambassadors, we cannot effectively advocate on behalf of U.S.  businesses that need support or advance democratic reform agendas to  secure investments overseas. Without confirmed Ambassadors, we cannot  advance our national security interests. Some countries refuse to speak  to U.S. representatives without an ambassador in place. Without  confirmed Ambassadors, we cannot effectively help detained or  imprisoned Americans overseas.   Ambassador Richard did everything in her capacity to secure the  release of my constituent, Mr. Fakhoury. As I said, Senator Cruz may  not recognize this because he wasn't on those calls that we did with  the Ambassador on a regular basis. But I can tell Senator Cruz that she  did everything she could amid a challenging political environment to  bring Mr. Fakhoury home.   But now, instead of confirming Ambassadors, Senator Cruz would rather  prevent American diplomats from doing their jobs.   I would add one other very concerning trend about all of these  Ambassadors who are on hold, and that is that so many of them are  women.   At one point earlier in the administration, Senator Cruz was holding  the nominations of 23 women, including those nominated to be  Ambassadors to France, Spain, and NATO, as well as the heads of the  Near East Affairs and Educational and Cultural Affairs Bureaus, at a  time when we should be swiftly confirming our Ambassadors.   We just had a hearing in the State and Foreign Operations  Appropriations Subcommittee, and we were talking about the challenges  that we face competing with the PRC and China as we look at their Belt  and Road Initiative, as we look at the money they have to spend around  the world. One of the points our colleague from South Carolina, Lindsey  Graham, made--he quoted General Mattis, the former Secretary of  Defense, who pointed out that if we don't have soft power, if we don't  have these Ambassadors in place--that is my addition--then we need more  bullets because we don't have the capability to do the diplomacy that  deters conflict. That is why we need this nominee in place. That is why  we need to move forward, and that is why we need to ensure that we  protect the national security of the United States.    I am disappointed because, as my colleague points out, he and I have  worked together on a number of issues around national security. So I  would have hoped that he would be more supportive of getting a nominee  in place who could address counterterrorism.   So, Mr. President, with that, I will yield the floor and continue to  come  [[Page S2085]]  down to support efforts to put in place the Ambassadors we need to  fight back against our adversaries around the world.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   