 Madam Speaker, with enactment of the Social Security  Act in 1935, this country promised Americans that if they worked hard  and contributed to the program to support others, when they retire or  become disabled or lose a spouse, they will be taken care of, too.   Social Security helps us provide for retirees but also disabled  workers, widows and widowers, spouses, and children.   Franklin Delano Roosevelt claimed that Social Security would  ``promote the common welfare and the economic stability of the  Nation,'' and it has.   Social Security has kept millions of seniors out of poverty and  continues to do so. Today, Social Security provides monthly checks to  more than 65 million beneficiaries who rely on it for food and other  necessities.   For over 85 years now, trusting in the promise of Social Security,  millions of Americans have worked hard, paying into the program out of  every single paycheck for decades.   In 2019, Social Security had helped 31,146 Alaskans stay out of  poverty. A report from a few years ago found that without Social  Security the elderly poverty rate in Alaska would have increased from  7.6 percent to 28 percent. As of 2021, over 110,000 Alaskans were  receiving monthly Social Security benefits, including 84,796 who are 65  and older. In total, that is over 13 percent of Alaskan residents.   I was raised, as I think many others were, with the value of treating  elders with great deference and respect, to care for them as they have  cared for us. I can think of no better way to do that than to ensure  that they have a safe and secure retirement. Simply, this program  reflects our values. All Americans deserve to retire with dignity.   We must support our senior citizens by strengthening Social Security  and not slashing it. We need to protect and expand Social Security.   Despite the many demonstrated successes of the Social Security  program, there have been no benefit increases to the program in over 50  years. I hear from many Alaskans back home who are scared that they  will not receive the Social Security benefits they have worked so hard  for all their lives.   Alaskans worry that the checks they depend on will suddenly  disappear, and they have no plan B. They count on receiving this earned  benefit that they rely on to pay for essentials like heating. My own  monthly heating bill in my hometown of Bethel, Alaska, is over $1,000 a  month, and my understanding is that is a low bill.   People do not deserve to live with this kind of uncertainty and  insecurity. That is why safeguarding and reforming Social Security must  be a priority for this Congress.   Social Security was a solemn promise made to Americans by its  government in full faith and credit. I commit to protecting this  promise for Alaska and all Americans and implore my colleagues to do  the same.   