 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  26, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. This bill does  exactly what the title says, which in this town is a novel concept.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, Ann Wagner, for her tireless  efforts. I thank our majority leader,   Steve Scalise, for his efforts  on this issue. And, of course, I thank Chairman   Jim Jordan of the  Judiciary Committee for being such an advocate for the pro-life  community.   Today, we are not talking about abortion. We are talking about  children. We are talking about children who have been born and are  fighting to survive despite an abortion attempt. In some cases when a  woman receives a late-term abortion, the baby can be born alive  following the procedure.   Federal law currently recognizes these babies as persons but fails to  outline any requirements of care after the infant is born alive. H.R.  26 would rectify this by requiring healthcare practitioners to treat  any child born alive after an abortion as they would any infant and  requires that the infant be immediately treated with lifesaving care  and transported to a hospital. I honestly do not understand what is so  controversial about that.   Madam Speaker, this bill establishes criminal penalties for any  healthcare practitioner or abortion clinic employee who fails to comply  with the requirements established by this bill, because let's face it,  no one can deny that  [[Page H181]]  a child who survives an abortion attempt, who is outside the womb,  breathing, and struggling for life, despite all attempts to end it,  doesn't deserve equal protection under the law. Under our law, murder  is illegal. That shouldn't be a controversial position.   Eight babies in Florida alone, just last year, eight babies were  reported to have been born alive during an abortion attempt. The  stories are horrific. One that sticks out in particular was an NBC  report in 2006. They told the story of a 23-week-old baby boy that was  born alive at an abortion clinic in Hialeah, Florida. When he began  breathing and moving, the abortion clinic owner, Belkis Gonzalez,  reportedly cut the umbilical cord and zipped him into a biohazard bag  where he then died. It is hard to read those words.   But as has been stated here on this floor in this Chamber, this isn't  about pro-life versus pro-choice. This is about protecting those most  vulnerable. It is about who we are as a society, who we are as a  people, and who we are as Americans.   I hope that both sides of this Chamber can agree that accountability  is a good thing. Protecting these children is a good thing. It is time  to put the party politics aside and the talking points aside and give  these children, wanted or unwanted, a fighting chance, a chance that  they all deserve.   