 Madam President, I rise today to again speak on the  multifaceted crisis that has defined our southern border and how the  inaction and misleading rhetoric from President Biden and his  administration has only exacerbated the continued fallout our country  is experiencing.   Since the beginning of his tenure in the White House, President  Biden's trademark has been border chaos with over 6.3 million illegal  border crossings under his watch. Actions do speak louder than words,  and President Biden continues to prove that his priorities are miles  and miles away from the southern border. He has only visited the  southern border once since becoming President. He has supported funding  cuts to the Department of Homeland Security in his recent budget  proposal; and that Department is charged with securing the border.   Our Border Patrol agents deserve needed support from the  administration who has laid the crisis they face squarely at their  feet. In this past week, according to the U.S. Border Patrol, there  have been 67,759 apprehensions, 15,780 approximate ``get-aways,'' 179  pounds of meth, 56 pounds of fentanyl, and 34 pounds of cocaine--all  seized at our southern border in just 168 hours.   With our Border Patrol stretched inconceivably thin with little  support from the administration, it is hard to fathom the true amount  of illegal crossings, human trafficking, and illegal drugs that are  currently entering our country through the southern border.   On top of all this, on Sunday, a person on the U.S. terror watchlist  was arrested at the U.S.-Mexico border crossing in San Diego. This  further proves the national security implications regarding this border  crisis and the message displayed to the world about the State of our  ports of entry.   The impact of the unprecedented amount of drugs entering through our  southern border is certainly not lost on me either, nor anyone in this  body. My State of West Virginia has seen the impact of this crisis  directly, and it has created irreversible scars on our communities.   I just mentioned 56 pounds of fentanyl has been seized just last week  alone. That is enough fentanyl to kill 12 million Americans. Recent  data from the CDC shows that between 2016 and 2021, fentanyl overdoses  have risen 279 percent in this country. Those between the ages of 24  through 44 have the highest overdose rates, and those involved  fentanyl.   Through conversations I have had on this topic with the Biden  administration officials, I have found their answers to be highly  insufficient. This is a crisis that is killing a generation, and we  know that these drugs are flowing across our southern border. The  administration needs a better answer, and they must swiftly act to stop  this killer.   Now as the title 42 authority has expired, it has added to the  confusion on the southern border. The Biden administration is trying to  reset a new normal based on failed policies as an attempt to redefine  and hide their border failures. Trust me, the American people are not  fooled by the recent victory lap taken by the Biden administration or  their effort to claim success or progress. To the Biden administration,  what they consider low numbers still far exceed the daily average of  the prior administration. In fact, if illegal crossings continue at the  levels that the administration is tallying, this White House is on  track to break the previous record they set last year for the number of  illegal immigrants caught at the border. This is not lost on the  American people.   Unfortunately, this is a habit we have kind of seen from this  President. We saw similar messaging antics from the administration  regarding gas prices when they touted decreases that still put us above  the average before President Biden even took office. The same goes for  inflation, which saw record increases only after Democrats'  supercharged spending. Yes, it came down, but it is still way, way too  high.   Mitigating the border crisis is an ongoing effort and one we have to  monitor closely. For example, will the administration's actions of the  past week create a massive backlog of asylum claims? What does that do  to our system? It only adds to the issue of interior enforcement,  something the Biden administration has clearly never prioritized.   Despite the President's too-little, too-late action, our border  remains open. I know with certainty that once someone enters our  country, the chances of them being expelled are very, very low. As we  move forward, the situation of the border needs to be tightly watched,  and it needs to be tracked over time if it deviates based on many  different factors and changes to policies that we are currently  experiencing. But above all else, we have to remain committed to  policies that do secure the border, policies that protect our  communities.   I don't know how these border communities are doing it. I really  don't. Policies that support our Border Patrol officers and policies  that prevent the unprecedented humanitarian tragedy that has become the  custom over the past several years--whether it is the drug influx, the  human trafficking, and just the human sorrow that we see that this has  generated.   My Republican colleagues and I remain committed to this mission, and  I encourage the Biden administration to do the same.   I yield the floor.   