 Madam President, last winter a restaurant and a bakery  near Omaha NE, well, they both closed their doors. The restaurant owner  said: We have to close. There is no way around it. The owner simply  couldn't keep up with food and labor costs that were going through the  roof, costs that have been catapulting higher and higher ever since  President Biden implemented his so-called Bidenomics agenda.   The bakery owner, well, she had a similar story as she closed her  doors. She said that rising costs made it impossible to continue.  Inflation took a sledgehammer to those small businesses as well as the  livelihoods of their owners and their employees. That is Bidenomics in  Nebraska.   Starting and sustaining a family business is already a massive  undertaking. That work, combined with the burden of oppressive  inflation, becomes too heavy for some families to carry. And the coming  months may add even more to that heavy load.   As we close in on the winter season, days are getting colder; days  are getting darker; and that means that many family-owned shops--well,  they are going to lose significant business. Fewer customers are going  to venture out to shop at small businesses and they will do it for  fewer hours during the day and that is going to cut down on the amount  of profit that these businesses make.   But not only that, while profit decreases, costs will go up. Because  it is colder, small businesses will spend more of their money on energy  bills to heat the buildings. Winter in Nebraska, well, it can pose  challenges for family-owned businesses every year. And this year, that  is especially the case.   Since President Biden took office, energy prices have risen by 44  percent. The burden of a higher energy bill during the winter months is  44 percent heavier. Fuel oil is 51 percent more expensive. That is an  astounding number. Electricity has gotten 26 percent more expensive,  and natural gas, well, it is 22 percent more expensive.   This winter, there may be Nebraska businesses that follow in the  footsteps of that Omaha restaurant and that Omaha bakery, losing so  much money to inflation that they are going to be forced to close up  shop.   Spending hundreds more dollars on basic business necessities is  unsustainable for a family-owned business, and that is Bidenomics in  Nebraska.   Inflation burdens businesses, but that is not where it stops.  Inflation is costing the average Nebraska household $988 a month. That  is almost $12,000 more a year. Families are paying more for everything,  from eggs to gas to their mortgage payments, and this October--for the  second year in a row--candy. Candy inflation hit double digits. When  buying Halloween candy contributes to a middle-class family's financial  struggle, we have got a serious problem. And that is Bidenomics in  Nebraska.   Nebraskans know Bidenomics isn't working and so do the American  people. In a New York Times poll this weekend, 81 percent of  respondents said that the economy is less than good. Over half said  that economic conditions are poor. Our economy is sick, and this  administration is making it sicker with every reckless financial  decision.   Since January 2021, this administration has been trigger-happy with  heavy-handed regulations, instead of listening to people and putting a  stop to these outrageous levels of inflation.   We know how to heal the economy. It is just a matter of getting it  done. The administration has got to stop with its reckless spending.  The President needs to reverse course on damaging regulations like his  ineffective Inflation Reduction Act, and he certainly needs to refrain  from passing more of it.   We need to unleash American energy so our economy can breathe again.  Bidenomics means sky-high prices, hollowed-out savings, and costly  interest rates. We can combat it with less spending, less regulation,  and more American energy.   I yield the floor.   