 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, when I joined the Senate Armed Services  Committee in 2013, I encountered a new world of information. Along with  that information came a new world of security measures. As a member of  that committee, I reviewed document after document apprising me of  critical national security developments. I also received strict orders  not to share the classified information that I encountered. The  American people expect Senators tasked with this solemn duty to take  our responsibility seriously.   Let me illustrate just how restrictive the rules are around these  classified documents. When I receive classified information, I have to  go to a secured place known as a SCIF to read the documents. There, a  security manager and often a Capitol police officer will perform checks  when I enter and when I exit.   My background on Armed Services is one of the many reasons that I am  shocked at the news that classified documents dating back to President  Biden's time in the Senate were found sitting haphazardly in his garage  this month. The President's personal attorney confirmed that some of  those documents came from the Senate, and they have apparently been  collecting dust next to the President's Corvette for years.   It is also concerning that the President's documents were found, in  the first place, by personal lawyers without the necessary clearances  to view those classified materials.   We have all learned recently that the executive branch has issues  regulating documents. I have refrained from commenting on that issue  because I have never been a part of that branch of our government, and  so I cannot speak to their regulations. But in the Senate, we have  strict protocols that protect classified information.   Based on the rigorous security standards of the Senate, it is  important that we now ask hard questions. How did classified Senate  documents make their way from the Capitol Complex past Senate security  managers and all the way to the President's House in Delaware? I think  most people believe that this demonstrates incompetence, at best. If a  newly elected Nebraska Senator in 2013 could figure out how these  security procedures work, surely, a career politician like then-Senator  Joe Biden could do so.   As chair of the Foreign Relations Committee, former Senator Biden  likely had access to information that could have jeopardized lives,  especially those of patriots serving in sensitive roles overseas.  President Biden should know that leaked information puts people in  danger. This affects all Americans, including the many Nebraskans that  are serving abroad, not to mention that it impedes our national  security here at home.   Of course, we have no idea what is in the Senate documents that found  their way to Wilmington, DE, because the President and his personal  attorneys refuse to share them with Congress. The Biden administration  argues that it cannot brief us on the mishandled documents because of  the ongoing special counsel investigation. There is precedent for  intelligence briefings coinciding with special counsel investigations.   As my friend Senator Cornyn said last week, there are public safety  and national security concerns that make this an exceptional case. If  there was a breakdown in Senate protocols to protect classified  information, then we need to know that and we need to know it  immediately. That is the only way that we will know how to rectify the  potential problems caused by the President's unsecured Senate  documents.   We, at least, need to know what the general subject of the documents  or the area of the world that they cover. I am proud of my colleagues  on the Intelligence Committee, both Democrats and Republicans, for  realizing the seriousness of this issue. I hope that we can continue to  set aside partisan politics and that we can uncover the truth in this  matter.   President Biden's comment on his handling of documents a couple of  weeks ago was that he has ``no regrets.'' Let me tell you, Mr.  President, if a sitting Senator was found to have mishandled classified  information, it would be more than just regrettable; it would call into  question his or her capacity to serve in this Chamber, and it would be  a slap in the face to the hard-working men and women of the  Intelligence Committee. By the time we uncover the truth about these  documents, I hope that the President will have learned to regret his  bad decision.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   