 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following Senators be permitted to speak prior to the scheduled recess  for 5 minutes: Senator Murray for 5 minutes, Senator Collins for 5  minutes, and me for 5 minutes.    Mr. President, it has now been over 70 days--70  days--since hundreds of people were kidnapped by Hamas. In that time,  more than 100 have been released, including 4 Americans, but 8  Americans remain in captivity. And from what we have heard from those  who have been released and rescued, it is likely they are enduring  unimaginable suffering.   One of the released Americans, 4-year-old Abigail Mor Edan, was kept  with four other hostages in above-ground apartments. She shared-- shared--one piece of pita bread per day with four others and did not  have a shower in the entire 50 days in captivity. Her hair was cut  because it was filled with lice.   We have heard from others that they were kept in complete darkness  for days. Some became psychotic and experienced hallucinations. A child  was given ketamine for weeks, while others were given sedatives like  Valium. We have heard reports of self-harm among the hostages, while  some who have returned have suicidal ideations.   Many were subjected to psychological torture. A 12-year-old boy was  forced to watch videos of the October 7 attack and threatened with a  gun when he cried. I have seen those videos. You cannot unsee them once  you have seen them. I cannot imagine the nightmares that will plague  that boy for the rest of his life.   One man was told his wife was dead when she actually was alive.  Others were convinced Israel no longer existed. A doctor who was  treating hostages says that they were told that ``nobody cares about  you. You are here alone. You hear the bombs falling? They don't care  about you. We're [the ones] here to protect you.''   Most children lost between 10 to 15 percent of their body weight.  These kids were starved. They had skin rashes and infections from being  held in unsanitary conditions. Other children were branded--literally  branded--with a motorcycle exhaust pipe to help identify them if they  escaped.   Many came back speaking only in a whisper because they were warned  not to make any noises in captivity. Many hostages were deprived of  medicine and proper medical care. One woman who was shot in the hand  says a veterinarian performed surgery on her. Others were beaten with  electric cables.   Now, as the fighting in Gaza intensifies, the lives of hostages  remain in jeopardy. I can't imagine what it must be like to live on  only a piece of a pita a day for months. I can't imagine what it would  be like to endure constant physical, psychological, and emotional  torture for 70 days.   We know that at least one American hostage, Hersh Goldberg-Polin, had  his lower arm blown off by a hand grenade. His mother says his injury  could have easily resulted in him bleeding to death.   The treatment of these hostages are crimes against humanity. They are  war crimes. And for those who remain in captivity, we are running out  of time. We cannot give up hope. We cannot abandon them. We must go to  the ends of the Earth to bring them back. These are American hostages,  hostages from our ally Israel. We cannot stand quiet while they suffer.   I yield the floor.   