 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to  prohibit funds from being used by the SEC to regulate or require the  disclosure of data regarding agricultural emissions.   Mr. Chairman, the SEC under Chair Gensler has been marked by a  radical and tyrannical enforcement agenda that stretches the bounds of  the SEC's jurisdiction and buries hardworking men and women in  bureaucratic busywork.   Look no further than the SEC's climate-related disclosure rule, which  would require public companies to disclose the emissions data of their  supply chains. For food companies and agribusinesses that rely on  farmers and ranchers, that means collecting emissions data at the farm  level.   Let me be clear, Mr. Chairman, the SEC has no authority to regulate  farmers and ranchers. Yet, that is exactly what the Chair is attempting  to do.   The SEC is charged with protecting investors and facilitating  financial market activity, not policing the tens of thousands of family  farms in my district. Yet, the proposed rule would burden my  constituents with mountains of paperwork and regulatory burdens if they  want to do business with a public company.   These are farmers that, unlike their publicly traded counterparts, do  not have the compliance, legal, and scientific departments to satisfy  the requirements under this rule.   Production agriculture is already regulated by the EPA, the USDA, and  State and local governments. As a result, farmers and ranchers are  climate champions, not villains. The last thing they need is more  unelected bureaucrats in Washington, D.C., who have never set foot on a  farm telling them how to do their jobs.   Mr. Chair, this amendment eliminates the duplicative, unnecessary,  burdensome, and ultimately inappropriate regulatory effort and allows  farmers in my district and throughout the country to do what they do  best: feed and fuel the world.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I feel that there is no issue in being  duplicative and very clear on what we are trying to accomplish with  this amendment because it is important to make sure that we are  protecting the farmers, those people, like I said before, who feed and  fuel the world.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr.  Womack).    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Chairman, let me echo some of the things that the  chairman said regarding protecting the farmers.   We have to protect the farmers. It is a national security issue. It  is a food issue. It is a fuel issue.   It is important that we make sure that we get the legislation and the  bills right, the language right, in order to protect them.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   