 Madam President, I rise today to talk about something we  have been hearing a lot about recently, and that is Bidenomics. The  President and his Cabinet have been traveling the country trying to  convince the American people into believing that the President's  economic vision for the  [[Page S2338]]  country has our Nation on the right path.   Well, I can assure you, after being home for the last 2 weeks, that  these false messages are not really resonating with the American  public. Polling data between June 6 and July 7 of this year shows that,  on average, two-thirds of Americans believe that our Nation is going on  the wrong track. If you spend a few minutes at the supermarket, a car  dealership, or a retail store, or if you are looking to purchase or  rent a home, or if you face energy and utility bills or the prices at  the pump that middle-class American families are having to pay-- everybody is paying--this should be no surprise.   So what exactly is Bidenomics? Let me break down a couple of  definitions of this term as they relate to American folks outside of  the beltway, and certainly those would include people whom I represent  in West Virginia, which I consider the backbone of our country.   Bidenomics means you are getting less while spending more. According  to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, since President Biden took  office, grocery prices have increased 20 percent, energy prices have  increased 38 percent, prices for fuel oil have increased 45 percent,  gasoline prices have increased 52 percent, natural gas prices have  increased 20 percent, electricity prices have increased 26 percent,  prices for used cars and trucks have increased 35 percent, prices for  new vehicles have increased 20 percent, apparel prices have increased  10 percent, and airline fares have increased 39 percent. But the list  goes on and on.   Bidenomics means that inflation is just a part of everyday life.  Today's inflation report marks the 30th straight month that year-over- year inflation is over the target rate of 2 percent. The President is  touting this decreasing inflation as something to celebrate, but there  is really nothing to celebrate here. Americans have felt the blunt and  unapologetic force of inflation for over 2 years.   Bidenomics is certainly not a science. If it were, it would be a  shifting one. Remember when inflation was only supposed to be  transitory? The individual who voiced that opinion, who himself is not  an economist, got a promotion from the President and is now Chair of  the Council of Economic Advisers.   Bidenomics means, if you are looking to rent or buy a home, you might  just be out of luck. Rampant spending from the American Rescue Plan and  the Inflation Reduction Act were main contributors of high inflation  and, in turn, the source of soaring interest rates.   So, on top of that, rental prices for a primary residence have  increased 15 percent, furniture prices have increased 19 percent, the  average rate of a 30-year fixed mortgage is now 7.22 percent, and, just  this May, home prices hit record highs. All of this combined leaves the  prospect of buying a home seemingly unattainable to many American  families and compromises the American dream.   I would add here that young families can't get in the game of buying  a house, fixing it up, living there for a while, and moving on to a  little bit nicer, better, bigger home as their family grows.   Bidenomics means that if you have a small business, it will be harder  to maintain and grow, and if you want to start a small business, it is  nearly out of the question. Increased taxes felt directly by mom-and- pop shops combined with skyrocketing costs have made it very difficult  to support a business along our Main Streets. Increased prices on  consumer goods and basic needs means that wage growth cannot keep up  with employers' rising costs.    Bidenomics means the destruction of the financial health of a lot of  our American families. The Feds's ``Economic Well-Being of U.S.  Households'' report was just released Monday. And it stated that  ``[o]verall financial well-being declined markedly over the prior  year'' and that one-third of Americans say they are worse off  financially than they were the year before.   These are devastating statistics, but, unfortunately, they show the  dire straits of an economy that has a 71-percent probability of  recession, according to the New York Federal Reserve's recession  probability model.   One aspect of Bidenomics that really baffles me is the President's  willingness to take credit for the current state of our economy and his  efforts to make this the centerpiece of his White House.   There is a long list of achievements that our President has failed to  adequately address and accept accountability for. Certainly, the crisis  at the southern border is one, the weakened status of our military  another, and the out-of-control spending that has defined his time in  power. Yet, surprisingly, President Biden is more than happy to accept  responsibility for the state of our Nation's economy. And in this one  instance, he does have the right of ownership because they are his  policies that have been put into place.   So for my State of West Virginia, Bidenomics is costing West Virginia  families an additional $713. That is not a year. That is a month. That  is a month.   President Biden and his administration continue to lead our country  down the wrong path, but if we look at Republican-led States where  Republican Governors are in charge and have been able to prove their  resilience among these enormous headwinds: increased earnings in States  like North Dakota and my colleague's home State of Nebraska, booming  manufacturing sectors in States like Florida and Texas, or States with  record surpluses like my own State of West Virginia where Republican  leadership is leading the way.   So moving forward, our Republican colleagues and I will continue to  fight for proven solutions that rein in unnecessary spending, that  bring down inflation, that increase market competition, that lower tax  burdens on our small businesses, and spur the economic development that  every State in this Nation needs.   With that, I yield the floor.   