 Madam President, I started the new year by joining  Senator Blackburn of Tennessee and our new colleague Senator Britt of  Alabama on a recent tour of the Del Rio Border Sector in Texas.   We traveled to the border to gain more firsthand knowledge of the  ongoing mass migration of illegal immigrants into our Nation, to hear  from Border Patrol agents about how they are handling this crisis, and  to, perhaps more powerfully, hear from young women and girls who are  victims of President Biden's careless border and immigration policies.   We learned more how States are taking action to protect their  citizens and their borders when the administration won't. Few States  are affected more than Texas, which instituted Operation Lone Star in  March of 2021 to counter illegal immigration and drug trafficking.   We looked on as a family led by a coyote crossed the Rio Grande in  dangerously cold waters and witnessed the family's struggle to help  their grandmother wade through rushing waters to enter our Nation  illegally. She made it safely across, but, sadly, that is not always  the case for many people, including children who have drowned making  the same trek under the misguided belief that our borders are open.   We visited a massive migrant processing center where illegal  immigrants were taken upon arrival. An astonishing fact about this  processing center is that it costs U.S. taxpayers $16 million a month  to operate, and that is just one of five on the southern border. Let me  say that again. It is costing American taxpayers $16 million per month  to process illegal immigrants at just one of these five centers.   What was especially gut-wrenching to me was hearing directly from  human trafficking victims. We heard from one young lady who was  trafficked from the age of 12 to the age of 16. She told a story I will  never forget, and there are thousands of stories just like hers.   Yes, we learned about the true severity of the crisis. We learned how  Border Patrol agents simply cannot carry out their jobs. We learned how  States are forced to use up resources on border security and migrants-- resources meant for U.S. citizens. We learned how ranchers and U.S.  property owners are being overwhelmed and in constant fear of being  robbed and assaulted by smugglers. We learned how all of this affects  our entire Nation--not just the unbelievable pricetag, but in the  incidences of human trafficking across the country and tens of  thousands of overdose deaths linked to fentanyl smuggled across our  border.   And, heartbreakingly, we learned of the wickedness of the cartels.  They are thriving, thanks to President Biden's apathetic attitude  toward his own country's border.   This should not be a political debate. People and children are dying  in an attempt to enter our country illegally. Drug cartels are taking  control of not just the border towns on the Mexican side of the border  but on the American side too. Human trafficking is now a $13 billion  industry.   How did we get here? Why do they come? Well, because our President  basically invited them. Immediately after President Biden was sworn in,  he started dismantling vital policies like ``Remain in Mexico'' and  restarted catch-and-release, halted construction on the border, and,  essentially, set up a big neon sign on the southwest border that read  ``Vacant.''   The rest is history: 4.5 million border apprehensions with an  estimated 1.5 million undetected got-aways, a staggering increase in  the number of women and children who are being subject to assault and  domestic violence, fentanyl flowing into our communities and  skyrocketing deaths.   I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to go and listen  to Border Patrol agents. Hear the stories of the cartel victims. See  for yourself the heartbreaking scenarios the greatest country in the  world is allowing to unfold.   I learned much from my visit to the border, but perhaps the worst  thing I learned is this: The Biden administration is not lacking any  resources or authority to address this crisis. No, it can support our  Border Patrol and border States. It can secure our border. It can save  children from dying and drowning in the Rio Grande or 14-year-old girls  from being sold. But it won't, either through incompetence or, worse,  by design.   I yield the floor.   