 Mr. Chairman, by its position, H.R. 1 reflects a top  priority of the House majority. There is much that my constituents in  Houston agree we should be prioritizing in this Congress when it comes  to energy--not only lowering energy costs, which is the bill's title-- but strengthening our energy security, ensuring and enabling domestic  energy production of all kinds, and ensuring our energy future.   That comes from serious legislating. That comes from listening. That  comes from stakeholders of all kinds coming to the table to grapple  with the competing interests here and come up with workable, durable  policy.   That is, unfortunately, not what we have in this massive bill and not  what we are seeing in this Chamber in our debates on energy policy here  or across the country. That is a problem.   I have warned and will continue to warn that the politicization of  energy policy and energy production is one of the most dangerous things  that is happening in this country right now, and I am sorry to see that  this debate is no different.   We simply cannot repeat cursory talking points and epithets that do  not get to the complex and urgent challenges in front of us. There are  real and dire consequences for our people who produce the energy that  we need and use every day and for our environment if we cannot get it  together enough to take this work seriously here.   We must move from politics to policy. I can't go through all the  policy in this bill in the time that I have here. However, I do agree  that we must reform the permitting process, that we should continue  exports of oil and natural gas, that we need an offshore leasing plan,  that we should increase offshore revenue to coastal States, that we  need to secure critical minerals, and other ideas contained in this  bill.   However, H.R. 1 contains so many unworkable provisions that create  unrealistic deadlines, threaten our national security, and repeal key  environmental and public health protections and programs--including the  historic work that we did just in the last Congress in the Inflation  Reduction Act to reduce methane emissions, incentivize clean energy  investment, and protect communities--that I cannot vote for the bill.    Mr. Chairman, the work we did in the Inflation  Reduction Act was to reduce methane emissions, incentivize clean energy  investment, and protect communities. Because of  [[Page H1546]]  that and because this bill repeals that important work, I cannot vote  for it.   People here in Washington understand that this bill is a messaging  bill that will not be taken up in the Senate. With this vote, this is  my message: When it comes to energy, it is time to put aside politics  and get to the policy.   