 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Young and I each be able to speak for 5 minutes prior to the scheduled  vote.    Madam President, last year, Senate Democrats used the  budget reconciliation process to pass the Inflation Reduction Act. They  did this without a single Republican vote. Included in that monstrosity  was an $80 billion payday for the Internal Revenue Service--more than  6.5 times the amount of funding the IRS would normally receive in any  given year.   After this happened, I had a lot of Tennesseans ask me: Why does the  IRS need that much money? Many of them are really fearful that the IRS  is going to come after them and their small businesses. And you know  what. They are probably right.   The Biden administration insists they are going to use this $80  billion to help the IRS answer the telephones because they are only  answered about 20 percent of the time, but we know that it means more  audits for small businesses, small business manufacturers, and Main  Street merchants. This administration has never once passed up an  opportunity to expand government power, and they aren't about to stop  now. We know this expansion will lead to needless harassment. That is  the nature of Big Government.   But I am equally concerned about the sheer amount of data the IRS has  scraped up during investigations. The IRS already collects far more  data than they need. In 2022, they hired a contractor to block  taxpayers from accessing government services unless they handed over  sensitive biometric data. They already have your name, address, and  Social Security number, but now they want to collect a picture of your  government ID, your fingerprints, and a selfie photo. Why in the world  would we allow the IRS to collect this data? The answer, of course, is  that most people wouldn't let them have it if they had a choice. But  the IRS wants to force this on the American people.   To make matters worse, we know that they are completely incapable of  protecting the data they have access to. Let's just take a moment and  look at some of the instances where the IRS has shown their disregard  for your data security.   In 2015, hackers exposed more than 700,000 taxpayers' Social Security  numbers. In 2017, the IRS notified Congress that hackers had accessed  more than 100,000 Federal student aid accounts. In 2021, the infamous  ProPublica leak unlawfully exposed financial information on many  prominent Americans. In 2022, the 990-T leak exposed the sensitive info  of more than 100,000 taxpayers not once but twice.   But even on a good day, the top men at the IRS have refused to  prioritize data security.   They still haven't responded to inquiries I made about what security  protocols they implemented as part of their ``work from home'' policy.   The IRS should be collecting the minimum amount of information  required to do their job, and they should be doing all they can to  protect your information. Instead, this Agency has a giant flashing  sign out front inviting hackers to browse their files. These bad actors  already know the IRS is vulnerable, and we will not be able to control  that threat until the IRS abandons its latest power grab and  prioritizes data security.   This is what the Biden administration needs to focus on before it  spends 80 billion taxpayer dollars harassing the American people.   I yield the floor.   