 Madam President, I rise today to discuss yet another one  of the consequences of this President's failed policies, and that is  out-of-control crime.   Many Democrats have championed a soft-on-crime agenda that has  contributed to soaring crime rates.   According to the Major Cities Chiefs Association, since 2019, violent  crime is up 26 percent, aggravated assault is up 34 percent, and  homicides are up a staggering 43 percent. This is not only  unacceptable, it is terrifying. Repeated calls to defund the police,  for open borders, and reduced sentencing or bail requirements have led  to a crime increase so overwhelming that America's fear regarding crime  in their communities is at a 50-year high.   Though President Biden bears ultimate responsibility here, in many  ways he is following the direction of his party when it comes to crime.  We have seen a lack of leadership from the White House, an overly  politicized Department of Justice, and district attorneys who refuse to  prosecute crimes.   The Biden administration has insisted on nominating radical, soft-on- crime advocates to Federal judgeships. While this is an utter disregard  for law and order, it is deeply concerning, and it is a trend that we  have seen over the last 2 years.   Despite previous efforts to defund the police, my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle are now walking back their claims that less law  enforcement makes us safer. As many Democrat-led cities across the  country heeded these calls, the United States experienced the biggest  rise in murder since the start of national recordkeeping in 1960.   On top of this, we are experiencing record numbers of police officers  who are quitting their profession or they are heading for retirement.  Seattle has lost more than one-quarter of its police force in the last  2\1/2\ years. Just a short drive from here in DC, in Fairfax County,  VA, their police chief declared a personnel emergency and staff  shortage last June and installed mandatory overtime to keep their  communities protected. Small communities across this country have seen  their entire police force quit all at once. And perhaps very alarming,  the New York City Police Department saw 3,701 police officers retire or  resign in 2022. That is the most since 9/11.   My small State of West Virginia, my home State, is not exempt from  these challenges as well. In 2021, the Morgantown Police Department  began dealing with a 20-percent reduction in staffing. Our police chief  said this was due to the danger associated with being an officer and an  overall growing stigma of officers being aggressive or biased. The West  Virginia University Police Department is experiencing a similar  shortage, with a turnover rate that is still much higher than it was  previous to the pandemic.   I live in Charleston, WV. The Charleston Police Department has been  offering large financial incentives to attract officers they  desperately need. And the pride of West Virginia, our West Virginia  State Police, continues to struggle to keep our State troopers.   We rely on our police for a multitude of services and protection, and  in this era of out-of-control crime, we cannot afford to see these  shortages continue.   On top of all this, the border crisis continues to fuel the fire of  crime and spread illicit narcotics in our communities. Last year, we  seized almost 15,000 pounds of fentanyl at our border. Well, in this  first quarter, we have already seized 12,500 pounds just this fiscal  year. That is only in a quarter of a year.   I see the ramifications of Biden's border crisis in my State, which  is disproportionately impacted by the fentanyl and addiction crisis. In  2022, we sadly lost 1,135 West Virginians to overdoses. We have the  highest rate of overdose deaths per capita of any State in the Union.  There were 6,916 emergency room visits related to overdoses, with our  EMS teams responding to another 9,205 suspected overdose calls.   Last week, in Wheeling, WV, local prosecutors indicted drug  traffickers who served as ``one of the largest suppliers of illicit  substances to West Virginia,'' according to our U.S. Attorney's Office  in the Northern District. And I congratulate Bill Ihlenfeld, who is the  U.S. attorney in that office.   There was an original drug bust last October that recovered  approximately 75 pounds of cocaine, 19 pounds of methamphetamine, and 5  pounds of fentanyl, which is very lethal in very small  doses. Investigators found that these traffickers had drugs shipped  from the U.S.-Mexico border to Ohio via tractor-trailer or they used  cash payments to give to people who flew from California to the  Pittsburgh International Airport. The connection between the crisis at  our border and the drug epidemic we are seeing at home doesn't get any  clearer than that.    Here in our Nation's Capital, amid surging violent crime and police  shortages, DC's City Council is attempting a dangerous and  irresponsible rewrite of their criminal code. Reducing the penalties  for violent crimes--carjackings, robberies, and even homicides--as  these numbers rise is incredibly tone deaf to local calls for increased  safety and policing. This is happening right in the President's  backyard.   So I commend my colleague Senator Bill Hagerty from Tennessee for  introducing a resolution of disapproval to block the DC City Council's  dangerous and irresponsible Revised Criminal Code Act of 2022 from  taking effect. The DC City Council's legislation is the complete  opposite of what we need to control this out-of-control crime.   While I have been talking about concerns for the types of crimes we  can see, there are also increasing threats from crimes that could be  described as unseen. These threats emphasize the vulnerability of our  children as recent years have pushed their lives into an increasingly  digital space. Because of the pandemic, children are learning digitally  and have more access to devices than ever before, putting them at an  increased risk for luring, grooming, and exploitation.   The data here is incredibly disturbing. One in twenty children will  experience some form of sexual abuse before the age of 18. That  statistic increases for young girls, with one in five experiencing some  form of sexual abuse before the age of 18. Ninety percent of child  abuse victims know their abusers, and 60 percent of child sexual abuse  victims never tell anyone.   Well, I am a mother of three and a grandmother of eight now, and this  is incredibly upsetting to me. We must safeguard our children from  things that no child should ever have to experience.   So I would tell President Biden: I hope these statistics are a wake- up call.   Now more than ever, American families are asking for law and order in  their communities and peace of mind in their neighborhoods. We as  Republicans stand ready to continue our push for solutions that make  our country safer and a stronger place to live.   I yield the floor.   