 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I  rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges  of the House.   The form of the resolution is as follows:   H. Res. 503, impeaching Joseph R. Biden, Jr., President of the United  States, for high crimes and misdemeanors.   Resolved, That Joseph Robinette Biden, Jr., is impeached for high  crimes and misdemeanors and that the following articles of impeachment  be exhibited to the United States Senate:   Articles of impeachment exhibited by the House of Representatives of  the United States of America in the name of itself and of the people of  the United States of America, against Joseph R. Biden, Jr., President  of the United States, in maintenance and support of its impeachment  against him for high crimes and misdemeanors.   Article I: Abuse of Power   The Constitution provides that the House of Representatives ``shall  have the sole power of impeachment'' and that the President of the  United States ``shall be removed from office on impeachment for, and  conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and  misdemeanors''. In his conduct as President of the United States, and  in violation of his constitutional oath faithfully to execute the  office of the  [[Page H2981]]  President of the United States and, to the best of his ability,  preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States,  and in violation of his constitutional duty to take care that the laws  be faithfully executed, Joseph R. Biden, Jr., has abused the powers of  the office of the President of the United States, in that:   Using the powers of his office, President Biden has knowingly  presided over an executive branch that has continuously, overtly, and  consistently violated Federal immigration law by pursuing an  aggressive, open-borders agenda by purposefully and knowingly releasing  more than 2 million illegal aliens into the interior of the United  States without the intention or ability to ensure that they appear in  immigration court to face asylum or deportation proceedings.   President Biden has intentionally facilitated a complete and total  invasion at the southern border. President Biden ended the Migrant  Protection Protocols to require aliens seeking asylum to remain in  Mexico while being processed by the Department of Homeland Security.  President Biden has closed Department of Homeland Security detention  facilities and refused to cooperate with State and local law  enforcement officials in securing the border. He has allowed illegal  aliens to enter the United States as asylum seekers despite knowing  they did not qualify for asylum. President Biden has pursued this open- border agenda purposefully and willfully, circumventing every  safeguard, check, and balance required by law, resulting in mass  illegal immigration into the United States, to the detriment of the  American people.   President Biden, with such conduct, has demonstrated a failure to  uphold Federal immigration law, violating his oath to the Constitution  if allowed to remain in office, and has acted in a manner grossly  incompatible with the rule of law and to the manifest injury of the  people of the United States.   Wherefore, President Biden, by such conduct, warrants impeachment and  trial, removal from office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any  office of honor, trust, or profit under the United States.   Article II: Dereliction of duty   The Constitution provides that the House of Representatives ``shall  have the sole power of impeachment'' and that the President of the  United States ``shall be removed from office on impeachment for, and  conviction of, treason, bribery, and other high crimes and  misdemeanors''. In his conduct as President of the United States, and  in violation of his constitutional oath faithfully to execute the  office of the President of the United States, and in violation of his  constitutional duty to take care that the laws be faithfully executed,  Joseph R. Biden, Jr., has neglected the constitutional duty of the  office of the President of the United States, in that:   Neglecting the powers of his office, President Biden has abandoned  his duties to ensure that the laws are faithfully executed and upheld,  by presiding over an executive branch that has continually, overtly,  and consistently refused to enforce the Nation's immigration laws and  secure the southern border. President Biden has endangered the security  of the United States and the health and safety of the American people.  President Biden has caused a national security crisis and is  endangering the lives of the American people.   President Biden has presided over the largest influx of illegal  immigrants in American history, and as evidence of his dereliction, the  deportation cases pursued by his administration are at historic lows.  President Biden's negligence of duty has resulted in the surrender of  operational control of the border to the complete and total control of  foreign, criminal cartels, putting the lives of American citizens in  jeopardy. On President Biden's watch, illegal aliens have been  processed and released into the interior of the country under a mass  system of parole, contrary to the clear terms of Federal immigration  law. Utilizing the ``CBP ONE'' program, the executive branch will  release nearly 40,000 illegal aliens per month into the United States.  He has failed to uphold the mandatory detention and deportation  provisions of immigration laws, resulting in the mass entry of  inadmissible aliens and the continued presence of deportable aliens.  Through this complete and total dereliction of duty and extreme absence  in oversight of his own administration's policies, President Biden has  allowed more than 1.5 million illegal immigrants to invade the southern  border. On Joe Biden's watch, illicit fentanyl has killed more than  100,000 American citizens. In fiscal year 2023, U.S. Customs and Border  Patrol seized more than 9,000 pounds of fentanyl at the southern  border.   In his failure to uphold the rule of law, President Biden has  demonstrated that he will neglect his duty to execute the office to  which he has been entrusted, violating his oath to the Constitution if  allowed to remain in office, and has acted in a manner grossly  incompatible with his constitutional duty to take care that the laws of  the United States be faithfully executed.   Wherefore, President Biden, by such conduct, warrants impeachment and  trial, removal from office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any  office of honor, trust, or profit under the United States.   