 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National  Rural Health Month and to highlight the work of the congressional  Bipartisan Rural Health Caucus, which I am proud to cosponsor with my  colleague, Representative Tokuda from Hawaii.   Over 60 million hardworking, everyday Americans live in rural  communities throughout the United States. As my co-chair,  Representative Tokuda, is fond of citing, nearly 97 percent of our  Nation is designated as rural.   Compared to their counterparts living in urban and suburban areas,  rural Americans experience lower life expectancy, poorer health status,  and more difficulty accessing quality and affordable healthcare.   Rural patients face these challenges due to a limited number of rural  healthcare providers and professionals, higher rates of uninsurance and  underinsurance, and long journeys to care providers, sometimes lacking  transportation entirely.   Having served as a community pharmacist for over 30 years in east  Tennessee, which is a rural area, I understand the unique healthcare  challenges and obstacles faced by our patients and healthcare providers  each and every day.   It is crucial that Congress takes action to address the issues that  rural healthcare providers grapple with such as workforce shortages,  supply scarcities, reimbursement challenges, limited access to  telehealth, and difficulties ensuring their patients receive the care  they need.   The congressional Bipartisan Rural Health Caucus is here to provide a  forum for Members of Congress to advocate for legislative action that  will help increase access to quality, affordable healthcare and mental  health services for all rural Americans.   As co-chair, I will continue my work to advocate for legislation and  policies that will ensure long-term sustainability of rural  communities.   Earlier this year, I introduced the bipartisan Rural Physician  Workforce Production Act, which improves Medicare reimbursement and  enhances the current structure of the Medicare-funded graduate medical  education program, bringing more medical residents and doctors to rural  areas in need.   I also worked with my fellow colleagues from the Tennessee delegation  to introduce the Rural America Health Corps Act, which would provide  incentives for healthcare professionals to work in rural health  facilities in exchange for forgiving medical student loans.   In addition to these bills, I am a proud cosponsor of the Save Rural  Hospitals Act, bipartisan legislation that will aid in curbing hospital  closures in rural communities by ensuring fairness in Medicare hospital  payments.   This legislative work is absolutely critical and complements House  Resolution 870, which I introduced with the majority of the Members of  the Bipartisan Rural Health Caucus to support the goals and ideas of  National Rural Health Day.   National Rural Health Day, the third Thursday of each November, was  established to honor rural communities and the contributions and  efforts of rural healthcare providers to address the unique challenges  faced by the patients they serve.   Given the aforementioned healthcare disparities faced by rural  Americans and the continued difficulty experienced by rural healthcare  providers in keeping their doors open, it is vital that Congress  prioritizes improved patient care and access in rural areas.   Our rural healthcare professionals and patients showcase a selfless  and community-minded spirit. It is altogether fitting and proper that  we celebrate rural healthcare providers and the millions of Americans  that rural healthcare providers serve, and to express a commitment to  advancing policy to improve healthcare accessibility and affordability  in rural areas in our country.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Tokuda and my colleagues for  joining in this cause.   