 Mr. President, in just a moment, the U.S. Senate will  vote to override President Biden's veto of my legislation that would  stop yet another aggressive environmental regulation.   This specific regulation is an EPA rule that would impose stricter  emissions standards on heavy-duty vehicles. While this might sound  well-intentioned, let's be very clear about the facts.   First, the EPA's own economic analysis projects that the cost to  Americans associated with this new regulation could reach up to $55  billion from 2027 to 2045. That is because, when you force truckers to  purchase new, expensive equipment in the name of climate, you are  asking the American people to foot the bill. Any product transported by  trucks, whether that is food headed to your local grocery store or  something that you bought off of Amazon, each one of these products  will cost more due to massive inflationary burdens this rule will place  on the trucking industry. That means every American consumer will feel  the effects of this rule and its price increases.   Every agriculture producer and every local business will feel its  effects. If you are an ag or an energy-heavy State like Texas,  Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Illinois, Nebraska, California, or  Montana, your local economy will be especially impacted by these higher  freight costs.   That is not to mention the 3 million Americans who work as commercial  truckers. Many truckers work for mom-and-pop operations--small  businesses that simply don't have the financial resources to handle a  spike in cost. Many of these businesses and the good-paying jobs that  they support won't survive this rule.   And do you know? The real irony here is that the way this ``green''  regulation is structured, it actually undermines its own stated goal of  reducing emissions. Think about it. If the price of newer vehicles  shoots up, the government is incentivizing businesses to hold on to  their older, higher emitting trucks.   So let's tell it like it is. The Biden administration's emissions  rule is a political move that won't even be effective. The  administration is making an ineffective climate statement at the  expense of millions of Americans' livelihoods.   We in the Senate should know that we are not playing a political game  of chess. We are dealing with real people. We are not moving pawns.  That is why my CRA passed the Senate and the House with bipartisan  support, and that is why we need to push back against the President's  insistence on playing these regulatory games, because working families  don't have the luxury for these games. They are reeling from inflation  and economic turmoil caused by this administration.   So I would encourage my colleagues to join me in choosing our  economy, our truckers, and, ultimately, the American people over  another politically charged mandate from a power-hungry White House.   I yield the floor.   