 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Representative  Van Drew, for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3799, the CHOICE Arrangement  Act, which we just voted on tonight.   According to the National Federation of Independent Business, small  businesses have ranked the cost of health insurance as their number one  problem for 32 years straight. Even our largest employers rank the cost  of health insurance and healthcare as a tremendous issue.   Offer rates from small employers with under 50 workers dropped from  39 to 31 percent from 2010 to 2021. This is both unfortunate and  alarming because small business owners and employees who drive the  American economy with their skills deserve better.   As a physician and a former small business owner myself and a  supporter of small businesses, I understand the importance of quality  healthcare. I am all for innovative solutions that bring down costs  without expanding the power of the Federal Government.   The inaptly named Affordable Care Act doubled down on a broken  individual health market that now costs taxpayers more than a trillion  a year. The CHOICE Arrangement Act eliminates the need for small  businesses to choose between expensive, unaffordable ACA-compliant  coverage or no coverage at all.   Furthermore, any business size can offer this type of coverage and  employers can offer coverage so that their employees can obtain health  insurance. The benefit to employees is--let me say it in three words:  portability, cost, and choice.   Of these three, the most important, especially as a physician  delivering care, is for patients to have choice. We  [[Page H3056]]  know with the innovation that has come about through technology that  patients want choice now more than ever.   Imagine having an arrangement where you can use your healthcare  dollars to get devices that measure your blood sugar rather than having  to prick your finger every day, or other things that are not covered  necessarily by health insurance or Federal health insurance.   Furthermore, this Act codifies a rule created by President Trump that  makes it easier for businesses and self-employed individuals to band  together or pool together across State lines to purchase association  health plans and expanded health reimbursements.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support the CHOICE Arrangement Act, and I  look forward to the Senate's swift consideration of this measure.   