 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time.  He is new to the Rules Committee, and we have really enjoyed having him  there so far.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution providing for  consideration of three important bills.   H.J. Res. 24 and 26 would repeal two recent actions by the D.C.  Council that would have drastic negative consequences nationwide.   The first would give illegal immigrants the right to vote in local  elections. By pursuing this effort, D.C. leftists would dilute every  lawful vote, which would have profound implications on all of our  elections.   The second would further promote the left's soft-on-crime agenda.  According to the Major Cities Chiefs Association, cities across the  country have experienced increases in homicides by nearly 50 percent  and aggravated assaults by over a third.   The so-called Revised Criminal Code Act would only accelerate these  crime rates by eliminating mandatory minimums, reduce penalties for  violent crimes, and bottle up local courts that are paid for by the  Federal Government--Federal tax dollars from across the country.    Under the D.C. Home Rule Act of 1973, Congress retains the ultimate  say over affairs within the seat of our Federal Government.   The authority is derived under Article I of the Constitution, which  grants Congress the authority over D.C., in ``all cases whatsoever.''   Congress has voted to overturn various D.C. efforts throughout the  years, as recently as 2014. Western Minnesotans know these efforts will  not simply remain in Washington. Radical leftists in the Twin Cities  are pursuing similar efforts.   Recently, it was claimed at the Minnesota State Capitol that illegal  immigrants are voting in droves. Western Minnesotans know that the Twin  Cities' liberals will not be outdone by D.C. in promoting soft-on-crime  policies.   My constituents know that if we do not take a stand, these radical  ideas will continue to spread across the country.   Finally, I appreciate that Representative Massie's legislation to  repeal the vaccine mandate for air travel is also included in this  rule.   We still face issues at the land ports of entry in my district and  across the northern border. It is my sincere hope that we also repeal a  similar restriction on travel between the U.S. and Canada at land ports  of entry in the coming weeks.   