 Madam President, this bill presents a solution in  search of a problem. Unfortunately, it appears that the intent of this  legislation is to treat abortion as healthcare, to prevent pro-life  entities from sponsoring ads designed to help provide women and girls  with trustworthy support during pregnancy, and to make it harder for  States to enforce their own laws protecting life and the most  vulnerable.   When it comes to ensuring patient privacy and healthcare, I believe  there are bipartisan solutions to be found that we can all agree on.  One-sided efforts to promote abortion are not the way for us to find  common ground on this issue.   I would also like to point out that this bill has not received a  hearing or markup in the Commerce Committee, which would be a great  opportunity to have.   I would like to turn now to recognize that this Saturday will mark  the first anniversary of the Supreme Court's landmark decision in Dobbs  v. Jackson Women's Health Organization. I am incredibly proud that this  victory for the pro-life movement, reversing the moral stain of Roe v.  Wade, came out of my State of Mississippi. I am amazed and grateful  that in God's sovereign plan, a law introduced by my friend,  Mississippi State Representative Becky Currie, ultimately achieved what  I and so many have prayed for, for 50 years now, to restore the  sanctity of life.   My friend, Mississippi Attorney General Lynn Fitch, our State's  solicitor general, Scott Stewart, and the many others in the AG's  office worked tirelessly to represent our State's direct challenge to  Roe.   After a draft of the Dobbs majority opinion was shamefully leaked,  the conservative Justices resisted disgraceful intimidation tactics and  threats to their own lives. They stayed true to their judicial oaths to  uphold and defend the Constitution.   The Supreme Court recognized correctly in Dobbs that the Constitution  does not confer a right to abortion and that Roe was ``egregiously  wrong and on a collision course with the Constitution from the day it  was decided.''   While the Dobbs decision did not end abortion in America, it took a  monumental step in returning the issue back into the hands of the  people and their elected representatives. Today, as a result, 14 States  are protecting unborn children through all 9 months of pregnancy.  Several others now protect babies at the point where they have a  heartbeat, at 6 weeks, and still others at 12 weeks. One recent study  found that there were more than 24,000 unborn children saved from  abortion in the first 9 months since Dobbs. That is 24,000 miracles,  because that is what a child is--a miracle.   But it is not just the States that can protect life after Dobbs. We  in Congress also have a responsibility to protect life and stop the  Democrats' extreme pro-abortion agenda.   It saddens me deeply that Democrats in Congress continue to advocate  for appalling legislation that would impose legalized abortion on  demand up until to the moment of birth across all 50 States. Their  legislation is even more radical than Roe was and would eliminate even  the most modest pro-life protections, like parental involvement laws  and bans on sex-selective abortions. Democrats cannot name a single  limit on abortion they support--not one.   The American people, however, reject this extreme position. A new  Tarrance Group poll this month found that three-fourths of voters  oppose allowing abortions through all 9 months of pregnancy and support  at least some limits to abortion.   More Americans continue to reject abortion when they learn more about  the child in the womb--when they can hear the child's heartbeat, when  they can see them suck their thumbs and yawn in an ultrasound, and when  they learn that they can feel pain.   Despite this, the Biden administration's FDA and Department of  Justice continue to allow the abortion industry to obstruct the will of  pro-life States by illegally flooding the mail with do-it-yourself  abortion pills, turning post offices into abortion centers. These  actions not only endanger women's lives and their health, but they  violate longstanding Federal laws that clearly prohibit the mailing of  abortion drugs.   Finally, we also must advance policies to support pregnant mothers in  choosing life. In particular, we need to support the work of pregnancy  centers. More than 2,700 pregnancy centers across the country provide  critical medical and material support for women and families facing  unplanned pregnancies to choose life rather than abortion.    This is the promise of the Declaration of Independence: that all men  are created equal and endowed by their Creator with the inalienable  right to life.   Thanks to the Supreme Court's decision in Dobbs, 1 year ago this  week, we can finally begin the hard work to make good on the promise  for unborn Americans too.   Finally, I object.   