 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment  which would restrict funds at the Department of Transportation and the  Department of Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies from  being used to finalize any rule or regulation that would have an annual  effect on the economy of $100 million or more.   Under the Biden administration, regulatory agencies are out of  control. We know this. We have seen hundreds of billions of dollars in  regulatory costs fall on the shoulders of average Americans without any  input from elected Representatives in Congress, indeed, those  Americans' elected Representatives.   Agencies that fall under the Department of Transportation and the  Department of Housing and Urban Development create unreasonable hurdles  for American citizens in pursuit of a radical climate change initiative  and the so-called sustainable housing development programs.   My amendment seeks to restore congressional oversight over these  regulations by requiring that any major rule proposed by these agencies  be approved by Congress before they take effect. If Congress chooses to  approve them, then so be it. At least the American people's voice will  have been heard rather than that of an unelected, nameless, and  faceless bureaucrat in a basement somewhere in Washington.   By including my amendment in this bill, we restore Congress' Article  I authority by bringing significant regulatory decisions back to the  body that is closest to the will and the voice of the people.   We will no longer allow unelected bureaucrats to impose these  regulatory costs that are so costly and that are done behind closed  doors but rather commit ourselves to more open and transparent  governance.   We have already seen the Biden administration's impractical rule to  slash greenhouse gas emissions over the next decade inevitably leading  to higher vehicle prices for consumers with very little impact on  greenhouse gas emissions. This rule is especially burdensome for rural  States and districts such as mine where the infrastructure to shift to  electrification is not even close to being operable let alone  economical.   We have also seen the recent Department of Housing and Urban  Development affirmatively furthering a fair housing rule which imposes  a burden on small municipalities and public housing authorities and  other entities by requiring them to develop equity plans every 5 years.   These plans are extensive and expensive endeavors that require  housing authorities to submit numerous details of progress and  modifications to HUD. The rule effectively drowns these entities in  paperwork while doing nothing to further their missions of providing  safe and secure housing for hardworking American families.   Heck, Mr. Chair, we have such a backlog of maintenance through HUD  that that is where we should be talking about our moneys going toward  rather than another additional burden on the American people.   Lastly, we have seen the Federal Housing finance agency announce that  it is hiking loan-level pricing adjustment fees on home buyers with  high credit scores and redistributing them to funds for borrowers with  low credit scores, essentially penalizing people who have made tough  decisions, sacrificed, and worked very hard.   This rule penalizes financially responsible borrowers with additional  fees that subsidize housing payments for borrowers with bad credit.  These additional fees can be significant according to a report by the  Heritage Foundation and found that if a young homeowner in their  thirties were able to invest their additional mortgage expenses at 8  percent annual returns, which is pretty average, that investment could  grow by nearly $31,000 upon retirement. That is not miniscule.   Once again, this rule was created outside the purview of duly elected  Representatives.   All in all, my amendment is simple. It restores the people's voice in  these significant Federal agency decisions that impact their daily  lives. It is time that we restore Article I authority and give the  American people the transparent and accountable government that they  deserve.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  the great State of Florida (Mr. Rutherford).    Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Florida for his  remarks.   Mr. Chairman, this is simple. It is about accountability and  transparency, and the language of this amendment  [[Page H5512]]  was passed in a bipartisan manner earlier this year. This is a no- brainer.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   