 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I am happy to be here today to draw attention to something  that is important to our children's health, parental choice, and the  many farmers across our Nation.   For years, America's school lunches have lagged behind other  countries' programs in terms of health and nutrition. European and  Asian students often have access to fresher and healthier meals than  students in the United States.   This problem has been worsened by the Federal Government's  overregulating what schools are allowed to serve our children, in  particular, preventing schools from offering whole milk to students.  The Whole Milk for Healthy Kids Act would allow students who  participate in the National School Lunch program to serve their  students whole milk, but my amendment goes a step further by ensuring  schools may also offer their students to use organic milk as well.   The food we give our children and where it comes from is incredibly  important. My amendment empowers parents and the ability that they have  to decide what is healthiest for their children.   As many parents know, high-quality nutrition is closely related to  better academic and behavioral outcomes in children. Allowing parents  to choose organic milk is a step in the right direction.   Studies have also found that organic milk contains more omega-3 fatty  acids and antioxidants than nonorganic milk, which helps with brain  function, heart health, and fighting disease, respectively.   Of course, it is vital that we also know where this milk comes from,  organic or not. Far too often, Congress listens to special interest and  big ag lobbyists and ignores the countless family farmers who are the  backbone of our country.   Our organic family farmers and the countless unseen families who feed  our Nation are invaluable to our country. These farmers work many long,  thankless hours to bring us nutrient-rich, high-quality milk.   Mr. Chair, on behalf of my family and I, I thank them. I am thankful  to be able to be here today to continue to empower and fight for our  children, and I thank those that are helping to bring organic milk to  our country.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to the time remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, I hear a lot from my colleagues across the aisle on the  experts, but I also wonder how many people in Congress have had to use  National School Lunch programs; and, frankly, I have been one of those  people.   When I hear people speak in opposition to this saying that it is  going to hurt minorities, it is going to hurt those of us who have  actually had to use the program, I find it ironic. Frankly, I think  that we need more people in office that have had rougher upbringings to  bring a different lens and perspective.   To hear that whole milk is bad for children, to hear the arguments  against organic milk, and to hear the arguments that are coming from  across the aisle, I don't know that it represents, necessarily, the  best interests of the American people other than political spite.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   