 Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1.   As one of the few Members who serves on both the Committee on Energy  and Commerce and the Committee on Natural Resources, I have seen almost  every version of this package as it was crafted. Hearing after hearing  and markup after markup, it has been clear. I love my Republican  colleagues, but they are more focused on advancing partisan bills that  will benefit the oil, gas, and mining industries while selling out  landmark environmental laws in the name of permitting reform, instead  of advancing meaningful, bipartisan solutions for the American people  that will help us achieve our climate goals and solidify our energy  security for future generations.   For months now, my Republican colleagues have called for policies and  permitting reforms in Congress that would strengthen our energy  security. I have consistently been willing to work with my colleagues-- and still want to--in this pursuit, but what we have here is not  reform.   Gutting the National Environmental Policy Act, otherwise known as  NEPA, is not permitting reform.   Weakening enforcement under the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act,  and other critical public health laws is not permitting reform.   Granting mining companies the ability to take minerals from public  lands without paying a dime to taxpayers in royalties or helping clean  up these toxic sites afterward is not permitting reform.   Forcing Federal agencies to hold oil and gas sales on public lands,  even if they are not needed, is not permitting reform.   Repealing the Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund, a $27 billion program,  that I admit I helped author, to deploy clean energy projects  nationwide and cut greenhouse gas pollution, is not permitting reform  and will not strengthen our energy security in any meaningful way.   To my Republican colleagues who continue to refuse to believe the  science or to acknowledge we are facing an existential threat from the  climate crisis, just read the United Nation's most recent IPCC report  from 2022.   This legislation instead puts polluters, profits, and pollution over  the American people. It is that simple.   In order to truly attain meaningful energy independence here at home,  we need a net zero energy economy built on solar, wind, hydropower,  batteries, electric vehicles, and even nuclear.   What we cannot do is expect more drilling for oil and gas to solve  all of our current and future energy woes. I do understand bad weather.  The last four weekends, I have had snow and ice, and I have lost my  electricity every single weekend.   Listen, we are at the beginning of a transformational shift toward a  clean energy economy, a shift that has now accelerated due to the  historic investments and legislation Democrats and the Biden-Harris  administration were able to enact into law over the last 2 years.   This transition will likely present the greatest permitting challenge  in generations. However, we must permit and build in ways that do not  harm communities or our environment.   That is why Democrats enacted historic legislation last Congress, the  Inflation Reduction Act, that directed over a billion-dollar investment  to increase staffing and resources across Federal agencies for  conducting efficient and effective environmental reviews and  permitting.   The bill today doesn't have real solutions to high energy costs, and  it is going to drive up the deficit, not according to Democrats, but  according to the independent Congressional Budget Office.   I am pragmatic and I am seasoned enough to know we have a lot of work  ahead. If we can do it collectively, Republicans and Democrats, it can  serve as an important tool to combat climate change, strengthen our  economy, and protect our national security.   But again, let me be clear: We must not entertain proposals that roll  back landmark environmental laws across the board, including NEPA, so  we can line the pockets of Big Oil.   As I mentioned at committee, when John Dingell and Senator ``Scoop''  Jackson originally authored and advanced the National Environmental  Policy Act, it was done thoughtfully, through a meaningful legislative  process, to build broad and bipartisan support. This is the process  that we need.   We can't gut NEPA. It was brought about to include community and to  care about the economy. We have got to work together. I remain open to  working with my Republican colleagues on bipartisan energy security and  permitting reform efforts. I hope we can. My colleague, the chairman,  knows I want to, but I still do not see this legislative package as a  serious proposal.   I don't want to be dependent on China more than anybody else does for  our batteries, or Russia or any other country. We need to do it in the  good ol' USA. We can do it with ingenuity, innovation, technology, and  protect our environment at the same time.   Madam Chair, I am strongly opposed, and I urge my colleagues to  oppose this bill.  [[Page H1497]]    