 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Johnson for yielding  me time.   I rise in strong support of S.J. Res. 11, which repeals EPA's  rulemaking on heavy-duty engines and vehicle standards for trucks. The  Senate passed this resolution at the end of April, sending a strong  message of disapproval. It is time for this body to do the same.   Today's new trucks have reduced nitrogen oxide emissions by more than  98 percent since 1988, and the EPA's recent rulemaking requires  reductions that are 80 percent more stringent. The rule outpaces  available technology and would worsen an already tight equipment  market.   The EPA's nitrogen oxide rulemaking for heavy-duty trucks would  dramatically increase the cost of new trucks. The EPA admits the rule  would cost between $39 billion and $55 billion. On a per truck basis,  the EPA noted the price of a class 2b truck will increase by $2,600 and  a semitruck will increase by $8,300. As the costs of trucks increase,  the cost of all goods transported by trucks will increase.   Let me give you a primer on health. If you can't afford food and you  can't afford medicine, your health will worsen--that is for children,  that is for families, and that is for senior citizens.   Additionally, the EPA's rulemaking potentially encourages trucking  companies to retain older fleets with greater nitrogen oxide emissions,  meaning the rulemaking may result in increased emissions from heavy- duty trucks. If trucking companies cannot afford the new trucks with  compliant technology, they will keep older, higher-emitting trucks in  operation.   Further, when we don't see the benefits of this rule, i.e., reduced  asthma, reduced hospitalizations, or reduced premature deaths, they  will again say the rules weren't stringent enough, didn't go far  enough.    Mr. Speaker, small carriers and independent  truckers simply cannot afford to overhaul their fleets, farmers cannot  continue to produce crops with these standards, and American families  can't afford higher prices for everyday goods, medicine, and food.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the CRA.   