 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to urge my  colleagues to confirm two excellent judicial nominees to the U.S.  District Court for the Western District of Washington: Tiffany  Cartwright, whom President Biden first nominated well over a year ago,  and Kimberly Evanson, also nominated last year.   I am proud to say I recommended both of these women after they were  vetted and endorsed by a nonpartisan judicial merit selection committee  made up of Democratic and Republican legal experts. In fact, since  2021, the Senate has confirmed five judges to the Western District,  each of whom were strongly supported by the same committee. And with  Ms. Cartwright and Ms. Evanson, it is clear to me they have done it  again.   These are two incredibly well-qualified nominees, with records which  show they have an expert understanding of our laws, a passion for  justice and fairness for everyone, and an appreciation for how their  decisions will affect the lives of people across Washington State.   Tiffany Cartwright grew up in Kitsap County in Washington and  received her law degree from Stanford University. She has clerked on  both the Alaska Supreme Court for Justice Dana Fabe and the Ninth  Circuit Court of Appeals for Justice Betty B. Fletcher, and today she  is a partner at a leading civil rights firm in the Pacific Northwest.   As a trial lawyer in Seattle, Ms. Cartwright has established herself  as a preeminent civil rights attorney, dedicated to ensuring our laws  are faithfully executed on behalf of the people they are meant to  defend. She has represented employees who faced discrimination in the  workplace, farmworkers who were denied the overtime they had earned,  voters seeking to ensure that their vote was counted, and the families  of victims of police misconduct.   She has argued cases in State and Federal court, including before the  Washington Supreme Court, and also has earned the support of law  enforcement officers, including a Washington State corrections officer,  an ATF special agent, both of whom spoke to her dedication to their  cases and her commitment to justice.   For 6 years, Ms. Cartwright also served on the local Rules Committee  of the Federal Bar Association for the Western District of Washington,  offering her unique expertise to consider some of the region's  thorniest legal issues.   She also served on the board of directors for Legal Voice, an  organization that is focused on women's rights.   Ms. Cartwright is a tested and proven civil rights attorney, with  extensive Federal court experience and a track record of seeking  justice for people who have faced discrimination, police misconduct,  and more. Importantly, she is someone who will apply the law fairly and  impartially and will make an excellent addition to the bench in  Washington State, as will Kimberly Evanson.   Ms. Evanson was raised by two Washington State public school teachers  and has dedicated her career to serving the State.   After attending law school in Georgetown and clerking for Judge Emmet  Sullivan on the U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia, she  returned home to Washington State where she has practiced law for many  years with distinction.   Throughout her career, Ms. Evanson has earned the respect of her  peers and her opposing counsel through her work on cases of public  importance.   As a partner at Pacifica Law Group, she has represented State,  municipal, private, and nonprofit clients on a range of complicated  legal issues.   In her work in Seattle, she regularly advises clients on  constitutional and statutory questions around the First Amendment,  complaints under the Americans with Disabilities Act, and more, not to  mention her pro bono work. She has lent her time, services, and  expertise to the Seattle Clemency Project and the Western District of  Washington's Federal Civil Rights Legal Clinic to provide legal counsel  in cases involving access to justice, employment discrimination,  housing discrimination, and more.   The ABA has rated her ``well-qualified,'' and it is easy to see why.  She has shown she has the expertise to work through the most  complicated legal matters and the compassion to understand the stakes  of these matters for people's everyday lives, all of which will serve  her and the people of Washington State well on the bench of the Western  District.   The people of Washington State deserve a court system that delivers  justice for everyone, not just the powerful and well connected. They  deserve judges who will carefully review each case on the merits and  show respect for the law and everyone who appears before them. Based on  their records of service in my State, I believe those are exactly the  kind of judges that Ms. Cartwright and Ms. Evanson will be.   These appointments are well-deserved, and confirmation is well  overdue. So I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for these highly  qualified nominees. And I was pleased to see that both of them received  bipartisan support in the Judiciary Committee. I hope to see that  continue here on the Senate floor.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S2301]]    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   