 Mr. President, almost 20 years ago, a family in Idaho  purchased a lot in a residential area near Priest Lake.   They were looking to build a home. They obtained county building  permits and started placing sand and gravel on their property to get it  ready for the build. But shortly after the family began preparing their  lot, the Environmental Protection Agency told them to stop. There was  water on their building plot with no surface water connection to any  body of water. But because of its proximity to Priest Lake, the EPA  said that placing sand and gravel on the property violated the Clean  Water Act.   The Clean Water Act prohibits the discharge of pollutants, such as  the rocks and sand used to prepare a building plot into navigable  waters.   Navigable waters are ambiguously defined by the Clean Water Act as  ``waters of the United States.'' That is more commonly known as WOTUS.   Normally, navigable waters are defined as waters that are deep; they  are wide; and they are calm enough for boats or ships to go across. The  surface water on the Idaho family's lot certainly doesn't fit that  bill.   The Idaho family tried to challenge the EPA. They sought a hearing,  but the EPA chose not to grant them one and, instead, continued to  assert the Clean Water Act jurisdiction against their land. So Michael  and Chantell Sackett sued.   They had been to the Supreme Court once, and they are back again this  year. They still haven't been able to build on the property that they  first acquired in 2004.   The Sackett v. EPA Supreme Court case centers on interpretation of  the Clean Water Act. What counts as waters of the United States?   In 2015, the Obama administration published an unprecedented  expansion of the definition of WOTUS, giving the Federal Government  jurisdiction over a State resource--that is, Nebraska's water. It  doesn't belong to the Federal Government.    I fought former President Obama's WOTUS rule since my very first term  here in the U.S. Senate. The rule was the Federal Government at its  worst. It encroached on families, on communities, and on businesses by  its brazen intrusion into the precious water resource of my home State  of Nebraska--and all the rest of our States as well.   The Trump administration rescinded Obama's WOTUS rule, but when  President Biden took office, he reversed that. The President issued a  new rule allowing EPA officials in Washington, DC, to make case-by-case  determinations of what should be considered water of the United States.  Privately owned land containing ponds, puddles, and even dry ditches  can now be regulated by the Federal Government. This  [[Page S761]]  needless power grab only places more people under restrictive  regulations and rules.   The Federal Government should not have the power to regulate  Nebraska's water; Nebraskans should. Nebraska has a special system of  natural resource districts that empower locally elected community  members to manage water resources based on river basin boundaries.  Regular people living their lives at home know better than DC  bureaucrats how to use and how to manage their State's natural  resources.   That is why I have partnered with my colleague Senator Capito in  introducing legislation to overturn President Biden's WOTUS rule. The  Biden administration is determined to impose an overly restrictive rule  right now, and that is before the Supreme Court has an opportunity to  decide the Sackett case. We cannot let that happen.   In the past, I have cosponsored a bill targeting the flawed science  used by the EPA to expand its definition of WOTUS. I have also helped  to introduce legislation that would require Presidential  administrations to consult with States and to consult with stakeholders  before they impose these restrictions on our State-owned natural  resources. This is essential. States understand the complex geological  and hydrological factors that affect their own water resources. There  is no way that the Federal Government can take all of that into account  with its one-size-fits-all regulations.   I dealt with these issues during my time in the Nebraska Legislature,  and I know that there are not benefits when the Federal Government  tries to take control of State resources through these onerous  regulations.   Leave water management to the experts. The States know their own  water. The Federal Government needs to stay out of issues that are  handled much better under State jurisdiction.   WOTUS is not the issue that everyone wants to talk about, but it is  important to regular Americans in Nebraska, in Idaho, and in many other  States, and those Americans--well, they are who we are here to  represent.   WOTUS has a real, tangible impact on American lives. So let's come  together. We can solve this problem that was created by the  administration's rash and reckless regulating.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   