 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of this amendment. My  amendment directs the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service to  provide Congress with the quantity and types of weapons, weapons  systems, ammunition, explosive devices, armored vehicles, drones, UAVs,  and chemical weapons, such as tear gas, in their possession.   Since taking office, the Biden administration has repeatedly  attempted to supercharge an already weaponized IRS.   According to the watchdog organization Open The Books, the IRS has  spent over $35 million since 2006 to stockpile weapons, ammunition, and  gear. Nearly one-third of this $35 million, or roughly $10 million, has  been spent in the last 3 years alone. The report also mentions the  purchase of tactical lighting, optical sights, ballistic helmets, and  similar items.   This is not a new issue, and it is not new to Oklahomans. The late  Dr. Tom Coburn, the godfather of oversight and a great Oklahoman,  previously raised similar questions and never received adequate  responses from the IRS.   In July, I sent a letter to IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel requesting  information on this issue, including:   Details on the accounts that the IRS had used to purchase such  weapons, gear, and ammunition.   Data on the quantity and types of items used in the possession of the  IRS.   Information on the specific types of modifications to IRS-issued  weapons that had been approved, and the number of these requests that  have been approved.   This is vital information, because part 9 of the Internal Revenue  Manual, titled Criminal Investigation, outlines modifications that can  be made to weapons and the process for exceptions. Proper oversight  dictates that we understand the process and the practice.   The IRS still has not replied to my letter. They must be reminded  that Congress controls the power of the purse and has oversight  authority. Americans are rightly concerned by the IRS's lack of  accountability, and they are frustrated that agencies continue to abuse  their power.   Mr. Chair, it comes down to transparency. I fully recognize the  historical significance of the IRS and their ability to take down  criminal entities. However, the IRS needs to tell the American people  exactly what capabilities they have.   When the IRS audits an American business or individual, they first  and foremost ask for an asset inventory list. If you don't have one, it  is a serious problem. Why does the same agency refuse to provide their  own asset list? What are the materials stockpiled?   This is increasingly concerning as we look at recent funding  increases due to the so-called Inflation Reduction Act in which the  Biden administration provided millions of dollars to hire tens of  thousands of new agents.   I will remind my colleagues of the strict rules and processes that  are in place on our military as it relates to firearms and munitions.  Every military commander must keep a detailed and precise record of  munitions, both spent and otherwise. They are expected to measure to  the ounce and can receive significant punishment if those numbers do  not match up. The IRS should be no different.   Today, the number of armed Federal agents is rapidly approaching the  size of the United State Marine Corps. The lines have been blurred  between the IRS's role as a regulatory tax agency and a law enforcement  agency.   The American taxpayers are providing the funding for these assets.  The least they deserve is an accounting of their purchases. My  amendment provides much-needed transparency on this issue.  [[Page H5586]]    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, they could prove that they are not hiding  anything and not stockpiling weapons by providing the report that I  requested.   Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Womack).   