 Mr. President, I rise to express my support also for  the resolution of disapproval of the new soft-on-crime law approved by  the District of Columbia City Council. The resolution represents my  chance to say: Enough is enough.   Today, Americans feel increasingly unsafe. It is not hard to  understand why, since it has become impossible to disregard or dismiss  the unraveling of law and order across the country over the past few  years.   Whether it is the lack of law enforcement on the border, anti-police  rhetoric, or weakened punishments for the violent crimes, Americans  know the shift away from law and order, right and wrong, is tearing all  the fabric of their communities. Crime is at a 25-year high across the  entire country.   Unfortunately, my home State of Mississippi is not immune from this  trend. Our capital, Jackson, has recorded more than 100 homicides for 3  consecutive years.   It is the same song, different verse in our Nation's very own  Capital, where overall crime is up 25 percent since last year. In fact,  Washington, DC's murder rate is 34 percent higher today than this time  last year. Auto thefts are up 110 percent in this city.   What has the response been from the Democratic leadership? Well, it  certainly has not made public safety a priority. There is a good reason  the Senate is considering a resolution of disapproval against the DC  Council's Revised Criminal Code Act of 2022. With DC's growing record  of lawlessness, the city council voted to eliminate mandatory minimum  sentences and reduce penalties for crimes like robbery, carjacking,  home invasion, burglary, and more. These are violent crimes that leave  victims traumatized, injured, or worse--dead.   So why is the instinct to protect the criminal--to signal that the  penalties for violating the law are being eased?   This law will put residents, constituents, tourists, Federal workers,  and  [[Page S682]]  elected officials directly in harm's way. Rather than holding them  accountable for their own actions, the DC Council would prefer to let  these violent criminals go back to the streets and commit the same  violent crimes. Is it any wonder Washington, DC, has a police  recruitment and retention problem?   At the same time, those responsible for enforcing our justice system  seem more interested in carrying out ``justice'' based on politics. The  Biden administration's Justice Department, for example, appears to be  laser-focused on parents at local school board meetings, pro-life  Americans exercising their right to protest, and spying on Catholic  Americans, while taking a nothing-to-see-here approach to threats of  violence against sitting Justices at the Supreme Court or attacks on  pregnancy centers. If things continue this way, Americans will start to  wonder if their safety and protection is determined by their political  affiliation.   Mr. President, public safety should not be a political issue. It is  not virtue signaling to lessen punishments for violent criminals; it is  just dangerous. It is not progressive to pretend the breakdown in  border security and subsequent flood of fentanyl aren't contributing to  the surges in the crime and death; it is nonsensical.   Americans who live in the greatest Nation in the world at the very  least deserve to feel safe. We deserve to live in a country of law and  order. Yes, it is time to say ``enough is enough'' to the radical  policies embraced by the Democratic Party that have only resulted in  more crime, more fear and more tragedies.   I yield the floor.   