 Mr. President, last week, we saw an important step to  recognize the legacy of our nuclear weapons program and live up to our  obligations to the people and communities still touched by that work.  And, no, I am not talking about a movie. The new release may focus on  part of the story, but there is another important chapter I will not  let us overlook or forget, one that takes place in my home State of  Washington, one that is not over yet. That is Hanford, where men and  women in my State are diligently now doing the hard, dangerous work of  cleaning up one of the most hazardous nuclear waste sites on the  planet.   As some of my colleagues may know, during World War II, the Federal  Government established the Hanford Site in Central Washington State to  produce the plutonium our Nation needed for nuclear weapons. Hanford  wasn't just where they made the plutonium; it is also where they left  177 tanks, 56 million gallons of highly toxic radioactive waste. For  decades now, workers have been doing the critically important work and  very dangerous work of cleaning up that site.   I have fought for decades to make sure the Federal Government lives  up to its moral and legal obligation to support our Hanford workers and  clean up the Hanford Site, and I am still fighting to make sure we live  up to those obligations today. That is why I meet regularly with  workers from Hanford to hear about the challenges they are facing and  the help they need. It is exactly why I have been pushing so hard to  get my Beryllium Testing Fairness Act passed, and I was thrilled that  the Senate voted overwhelmingly last week--96 to 2--to add this to the  annual Defense bill.   My legislation makes sure that workers are getting support to deal  with one of the most dangerous threats they face at Hanford--beryllium  exposure. This is a serious health risk that can cause severe  respiratory disease, irreversible scarring of the lungs, and lung  cancer.   Now, Congress passed legislation in 2000 providing care to those who  have made incredible sacrifices by working on our nuclear arsenal. I  fought to make sure this covered the medical costs for those with  chronic beryllium disease and provided cash benefits to people who have  been diagnosed with that disease. But here is the thing: Not everyone  who needs those critical medical benefits for beryllium exposure can  get them today. That is because the diagnostic standard is outdated and  out of line with current science.   Right now, to qualify for advanced medical monitoring, you have to  show an abnormal blood test. But if your blood test is borderline for  beryllium sensitization, that doesn't count toward your diagnosis at  all--even when you are plainly experiencing the effects of beryllium  exposure or even if it is your third such borderline result. That is  not right, and by the way, it is not consistent with today's science.   Workers in America who are cleaning up one of the most toxic and  radioactive nuclear sites on the planet should not have to jump through  cumbersome and unnecessary hoops and have the care they need delayed or  denied all because the standard is outdated. That is why my bill will  update that statute and bring it in line with an OSHA rule that was  finalized actually under the last administration so that three  borderline tests count as conclusive and more workers can get the care  they need.   Let me take a step back to make clear why this policy matters. Less  than a year ago, when I met with Hanford workers to talk about my bill  and to hear their stories, I heard from one worker whose name was Tina.  She talked about her friends and neighbors, people who power the work  at Hanford. She talked about how a colleague's mom got beryllium  disease, and then she retired. After many years of working at the site,  she is now not chasing her grandkids around. She can't. She doesn't  have the lung capacity to run around and play with her grandchildren.  It is heartbreaking, and it is not an uncommon story in the Tri-Cities.  That is why this bill matters.   Yes, it is technical. Yes, it may not seem like a big difference if  you are not involved in this kind of work day to day. But this bill  will make sure we don't lose precious time getting workers the support  they need to manage this awful disease.   I am glad we are on track to get this passed into law now, and there  is a lot more I want to get done to make sure we are living up to the  obligation to take care of those workers. But this is meaningful,  important progress. They may not be telling the stories of these  workers on the silver screen yet, but as long as I am in the Senate,  you can bet their voices will be heard in the Halls of our Nation's  Capitol.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, we all share the view that oversight of  our assistance to Ukraine and any other nation is critical to make sure  it is used appropriately and effectively. That is why we continue to  increase our support for the existing permanent IGs and are encouraged  that they have space to operate from in Ukraine and are implementing a  joint oversight plan. We have also tasked GAO with specific oversight  requests.   Adding additional layers of coordination would be counterproductive  to our ongoing oversight efforts, and involving the Agencies in the  selection for the assessment of the lead IG, as proposed in the  Senator's amendment, would potentially compromise the inspector  general's independence.   There is no gap in U.S. authorities, presence, or even additional  resources for our oversight efforts that this amendment addresses. We  should remain focused on strengthening existing oversight efforts as  our support for Ukraine continues.   I urge my colleagues to vote no on this amendment.   I yield to my colleague from Illinois.   