 Madam President, well, it is Country Music Month, and  in Nashville, you will hear people say ``it all begins with a song.''   And, indeed, when we think about the playlists on our phones, when we  think about the songs that frame our life, that is very true. And we  love the fact that we get to celebrate the creative community every  single year during Country Music Month. And this week, the Senate  should pass a resolution that Senator Kaine and I have filed. It is  designating October as National Country Music Month.   Now, Bristol, TN, Bristol, VA, right there on the State line, that is  the birthplace of country music. So you have got a little bit of  Tennessee and a little bit of Virginia, and we share that richness and  that history. And what our resolution does is to highlight our  States'--Tennessee's and Virginia's--rich, shared history of fostering  creativity, of dreaming those big dreams, and then setting those dreams  and thoughts to words and music.   The music that these artists, songwriters, and musicians create has  had a profound impact not only on country music as a genre but on the  evolution of American music.   Tennessee artists have the unique power to unite us as Americans.  With that in mind, I want to thank my colleagues in advance for  celebrating our creative community with us and helping designate  October as National Country Music Month. But our work is not  done. These musicians need our help getting paid for their art,  controlling the business side of their careers, and protecting their  intellectual property.    I want to highlight a few bills this body must pass to maintain our  position as a cultural and artistic leader and a creative hub. The  United States is the only democratic nation in the world where artists  are not compensated for the use of their songs on AM/FM radio. Now, as  I said, we are the only democratic nation that does not compensate  these artists. Now, Iran and North Korea are two of the only other  countries with this distinction.   Senator Padilla and I have introduced a bipartisan piece of  legislation--the American Music Fairness Act--which would right this  wrong and ensure performers are compensated when their songs are played  on the radio.   Now, Senator Padilla and I could probably have a great discussion  about, Does California have more artists and singers and songwriters or  does Tennessee? But I think Tennessee probably has more of those  artists and songwriters.   Now, not being paid for the use of their music on radio has been a  decades-long injustice that hurts Americans at home and abroad. As I  said, the United States is the only democratic nation that does not pay  for that radio play. So the majority of foreign nations--those who  already pay their own artists for radio airplay--currently withhold  royalties from American music creators simply because the United States  does not reciprocate by paying their performers. This amounts to a  massive financial hit for our American artists.   Now, when you talk with them, what you will learn from different  royalty rights organizations is our entertainers here are missing out  on about $200 million each year in income to those musicians--$200  million a year. That is money that would come from other countries to  our American artists if we were to pass the American Music Fairness  Act.   (Ms. BUTLER assumed the Chair.)   Senator Padilla and I have worked hard on this. It is bipartisan. We  think to not pay these artists is something that needs to be fixed, and  that is why we should agree to get the American Music Fairness Act to  the President's desk without delay.   Now, I also worked with the late Senator Dianne Feinstein--and, Madam  President, we welcome you. We know you have big shoes to fill in  Senator Feinstein's seat. Senator Feinstein and I often talked about  the importance of keeping this American creative community here and  keeping that community vibrant, and she and I worked together to  introduce a piece of bill that is called the HITS Act. This is the Help  Independent Tracks Succeed, HITS.   Now, this bill would allow independent music creators--including  musicians, technicians, songwriters, and producers--to deduct 100  percent of recording production expenses in the year that those  expenses are incurred. The Federal Tax Code already allows film,  television, theater productions to do this, and there is no reason not  to give our music creators this same benefit. Think about that.  Somebody goes in; they book that studio time; they lay down those  tracks; they lay down those vocals; you get a producer that produces  it; the musicians play on it; the technicians come in and tweak this-- and they cannot deduct all of that expense. This is not fair,  especially when you consider that TV, film, theater--they can all  deduct 100 percent.   So Senator Feinstein and I worked on this, got it ready to go. This  is another one that needs to pass. These two pieces of legislation  really have something very important in common. They recognize that  entertainment as a career is both a creative pursuit and it is a very  fragile business model. It requires that those individuals be able to  exercise their intellectual property rights to benefit from their  creations.   And one of the top concerns I hear from entertainers and their teams  is the extent to which AI will--and already has--damaged their  businesses. So we have another issue that has come on. In addition to  not being fully compensated, then these entertainers are looking at the  impact that artificial intelligence is going to have on their business.   Now, Congress is already late to the AI issue. We all know that, and  I am delighted that we are beginning to see bipartisan interest in  moving forward some legislation on guidelines and guardrails for  artificial intelligence.   Creators have already begun to see that their voices, their  likenesses, and their styles of music are used without their consent.  And the danger to their livelihoods is real because they are not being  compensated for their music that is used to train AI models that are  actually going to take away the ability for them to make money on what  they have created.   So in addition to not being paid for radio play, in addition to not  being able to deduct production expense, now--here it comes--AI is  going to mimic them and use name, image, likeness, voice cloning and  take away more of their ability.   So Senator Coons and I have released a discussion draft on a piece of  legislation to help protect these artists. It is called the NO FAKES  Act. The NO FAKES Act would hold individuals, companies, and platforms  accountable for digital replicas created or used without the consent of  the individual that is being cloned or depicted in that replica. So it  allows an entertainer to protect themselves, the replication of their  voice, of their mannerisms, of their musical style.   Well, Hank Williams, Jr., has been quoted as saying, ``Country music  singers have always been a real close family.'' He is pretty right  about that. And just like any family, I love it when you see all of  these entertainers who are, in essence, competitors competing for radio  time and studio time and tours and dates on their tours. They are  competing for it all, but they come together, and they let you know  when they need something and when something needs to be done. And  addressing this AI issue is something that needs to be done.   So I would encourage my colleagues to talk to entertainers in their  States and talk with them about the American Music Fairness Act, the  HITS Act, and the NO FAKES Act, and what it would do to give them that  control over their art, their name, their image, their likeness.   You know, here in the United States, whether we want to argue about:  Is Tennessee the biggest or does California have the most or is  Virginia the  [[Page S5227]]  real home and who produces the most records and lays down the most  recording? What we can all agree on is that the United States of  America is the hub for entertainment. It is where everyone wants to  come, and, of course, we like that ingenuity and that creativity, and  we love it that artists come to Nashville and say: We want to record  that Nashville sound. Let us keep this industry viable.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   