 Mr. President, I rise today to also express my  disappointment in the fiscal year 2024 budget submitted to Congress by  President Biden. As a fiscal conservative, I have serious concerns  about the direction this budget proposes to take our country. It fails  to address the real needs of our Nation and instead doubles down on  failed policies.   Americans continue to suffer from the worst inflation since the  Carter administration--inflation set off by President Biden's reckless  tax-and-spend agenda. Consumer prices have risen 15 percent since Biden  took office. These are real numbers. People in my home State of  Mississippi and across this country continue to see their hard-earned  savings dwindle and their paychecks stretched thin by higher prices for  everything from groceries to gasoline and basic utilities.   After 2 years of trudging through this economy, Americans truly need  help. However, President Biden's budget will do anything but help. The  President's $7 trillion budget for 2024 will result in massive spending  increases that will further exacerbate our already significant debt and  deficit problems. Remember, reckless spending is the major reason  prices took off in the first place.   We simply cannot afford to spend at this level and continue passing  on the burden of our current and growing debt to future generations.   What is more, this proposal includes $4.7 trillion in new or  increased taxes--the largest tax hike since the 1960s. These tax hikes  would stifle economic growth, discourage investment, and ultimately  harm the very people the President's budget is supposed to help.   The President is asking Congress to hike the individual Federal  income tax rate up from 37 percent to 39.6 percent, not including the  surtaxes with that. This proposal would push tax increases on even more  hard-working Americans. Make no mistake, this proposal does not ``tax  the rich,'' as my colleagues across the aisle love to say; it raises  taxes on middle-class Americans.   The President's proposed tax increases may raise revenue in the short  term to support his big spending, Big Government schemes, but they  amount to distraction and to only gimmicks.   There is little chance these massive tax increases will see the light  of day, but even if they did, the Biden tax hikes would not address the  underlying issues of our ballooning national debt.   The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projects that the Federal  Government will spend over $10 trillion on interest alone in the next  10 years. Think about that for a moment--$10 trillion on interest  payments alone. Unbelievable. As we pay more and more on debt interest  payments, there will be less available to use on critical and important  priorities like Senator Hoeven mentioned: national defense,  infrastructure, healthcare, or education.   I recently reintroduced a constitutional balanced-budget amendment  because I am very concerned about the future of this great Nation. In  contrast, President Biden's 2024 budget plan sends a clear signal that  he and his administration are not serious about controlling the  national debt or even reducing annual deficit spending. He may talk  about it, but this budget says otherwise.   It is our responsibility as elected officials of the American people  to strengthen our Nation, not to leave it saddled with unsustainable  debt that puts everything at risk, including entitlement programs that  hard-working Americans have paid into their entire lives.   President Biden's budget is a disappointment and falls short in  addressing serious challenges, such as getting our fiscal house in  order, securing the border, unleashing American energy, and so much  more.  [[Page S791]]    We all know the President's budget was received dead on arrival, but  it signals the starting point to the annual budget process. It is my  hope that wiser minds on both sides of the aisle will prevail as  Congress embarks on the 2024 budget and appropriations process.   Americans are already pinching pennies, taking on debt, and  struggling to pay their bills, and they deserve much, much more. They  deserve relief, and our Nation needs relief in the form of tried-and- true just pure fiscal responsibility.   I yield the floor.   