 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Westerman and  Ranking Member Grijalva for supporting this bill, which is really  wanted by the people of Puerto Rico.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 359, the Fort San  Geronimo Preservation Act, legislation that will establish Fort San  Geronimo del Boqueron as an affiliated area of the National Park  System.   Fort San Geronimo is a small, two-level, stone masonry fort located  at the mouth of the Condado Lagoon in San Juan. Many who have visited  San Juan will see it from all the hotels in the area. It is part of the  massive system of fortification built by the Spanish military engineers  between the 16th and 19th centuries to protect the cities, specifically  1500.   Three of the forts that were part of this defense system--Fort San  Felipe del Morro, Fort San Cristobal, and Fort San Juan de la Cruz--are  currently included within the San Juan National Historic Site, which is  the sole National Park Service unit in Puerto Rico. Fort San Geronimo,  however, is managed, as the chairman said, by the Institute of Puerto  Rican Culture, a state government agency.   Despite its small size, this fort became a centerpiece of San Juan's  first line of defense. It played a crucial role in the 1797 Battle of  San Juan when a squadron of British ships led by Sir Ralph Abercromby  attacked and attempted to invade the city for 13 days. Fort San  Geronimo bore the brunt of this assault. Although severely damaged, it  stood up against the firepower and successfully thwarted the British  invasion, which retreated in defeat.   The 1797 British siege of San Juan would be the last attack on Puerto  Rico by a major European power, underscoring Fort San Geronimo's  historic significance and key strategic role.   The fort was rebuilt largely in its original design in 1799 and  continued to be used as a Spanish military post throughout the 19th  century. After Puerto Rico became a U.S. territory in 1898, the U.S.  Navy, as the chairman mentioned, used it as a military post until 1921.  It was then transferred into private property and eventually acquired  by the government of Puerto Rico in 1949.   Today, this fort is the sole surviving site in Puerto Rico  representing the 1797 Battle of San Juan. It was listed individually in  the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and again in 1997 as a  contributing resource of the Advanced Defense Line historic district.   Yet, despite the significance of this fort, preserving Fort San  Geronimo has been a challenging task due to age, weathering, and  limited resources.   Over the last couple of years, entities like the Institute of Puerto  Rican Culture and nonprofit organizations like Amigos del Fortin San  Jeronimo have taken important steps to rehabilitate and protect the  site, but it is clear that more can be done.   In 2020, the National Park Service released a study that found that  Fort San Geronimo is nationally significant and met suitability  criteria that there was strong local support for the agency to become  involved in the site's interpretation and preservation. The study  [[Page H5416]]  concluded that there was the potential for the fort to be considered as  an affiliated area of the National Park System.   This bill, H.R. 359, would achieve just that, designating Fort San  Geronimo as the first affiliated area in Puerto Rico. The National Park  Service would be authorized to enter into cooperative agreements with  the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture to provide technical and  financial assistance for the fort's preservation. This would support  and strengthen ongoing efforts to rehabilitate the site without placing  it under Federal ownership.   Affiliated area designation would also bring national recognition to  Fort San Geronimo's role in our military history. It would help us  better interpret and tell the full story of the San Juan National  Historic Site and that of the oldest and largest Spanish fortification  system in the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Westerman and Ranking Member Grijalva  for their support. I look forward to continuing working together to get  this legislation across the finish line and to help protect Fort San  Geronimo for future generations.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Westerman for  yielding time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan H.R. 1318, the  Women's Suffrage National Monument Location Act, which I am an original  cosponsor of.   First of all, I thank my colleagues Representatives Neguse and Lesko  for presenting this legislation that will rightfully allow for a  Women's Suffrage National Monument to be placed on The National Mall.   In 1919, Congress passed, and a year later ratified, the 19th  Amendment, guaranteeing women's right to vote. At the time, only one  woman had served in Congress: Jeannette Rankin from Montana, in 1916.  Today, I am proud to be one of the 154 women serving in Congress--the  highest number in the history of our Nation.   Women continue to rise across all levels of government, in the  military, and in the private sector. Although we still have more work  to do, it is crucial that we celebrate what we have accomplished in the  past 104 years, while teaching and inspiring young generations about  the role of women in democracy.   Women have cherished their right to vote. Report after report  showcases female voters have exceeded the number of male voters in  elections nationwide.   With this monument, we honor the suffragists who paved the way that  allows women from all walks of life to take part in this democratic  process and that also allows me to stand here as the first woman  elected to represent Puerto Rico in Congress.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1318 and allow this part of  America's story to be told.   