 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I cannot believe that I am standing here again having to  remind my colleagues that we are a nation of immigrants. I am going to  come to this podium each time my Republican colleagues have amnesia  about where their families came from or try to scapegoat the immigrant  community.   Introducing a continuing resolution that cuts services and deports  unaccompanied children, ending asylum, and jailing families betrays a  truth about my colleagues.   They are more willing to scapegoat and sacrifice the well-being of  immigrants, children--that they say they care so much about--babies-- that they say they care so much about--veterans, the elderly and people  experiencing poverty than they are to do the hard work of owning up to  their failures, their hypocrisy, their ineffective leadership.   It is hypocritical to target immigrants when many of the people in  this Chamber have reaped the benefits of immigrant labor and have  become wealthy on the backs of immigrant sacrifice.   Let me tell you what my mother tells me about her journey. It takes  courage to cross a border, to seek a job, or to pursue an opportunity  to raise their children in safety.   The courage of our people stands in stark contrast to the cowardice  of my colleagues. There is nothing people-centered about this  Republican CR. There is nothing noble or redeeming about it. It is time  for a clean CR that does not scapegoat the people this Nation has been  built on, and let's stop indulging the cowardice of my colleagues.   For this reason, Mr. Speaker, at the appropriate time I will offer a  motion to recommit this bill back to committee. If the House rules  permitted, I would have offered the motion with an important amendment  to my bill. That amendment would strike the section that makes 30  percent cuts across the board.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include the text of my  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   