 Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Pennsylvania for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly agree with him on Washington's excessive  spending. Republicans are ready to lead the way to end the era of  reckless government spending.   After only 2 years under the Biden administration, our Federal  deficit has grown by over $6 trillion. This is unacceptable for our  country but especially for our children, who will inherit this deficit.   However, I also agree that our great Nation cannot default on our  debts, and this bill, like all others, must be paid. I support lifting  the debt ceiling, but only if coupled with reforms to Washington's  wasteful spending in order to repair the inflation crisis and  strengthen America's economy.   While the President has offered no plan to avoid default, I am proud  to be a part of this new Republican majority that has put forward the  Limit, Save, Grow Act, which proposes solutions.   That being said, I do have serious concerns with the provisions of  this legislation that repeals clean energy investment tax credits,  particularly for wind energy. These credits have been very beneficial  to my constituents, attracting significant investment and new  manufacturing jobs for businesses in southeast Virginia. The energy  production happening in my district will incentivize clean energy  solutions here in America and provide jobs for Virginians and energy  options for military installations in my district.   For all of these reasons, I do not support the repeal of these clean  energy tax credits.   I recognize that this bill is not the final product, but I also  understand that it gets us to the negotiating table. I worked hard for  a new Republican majority to have a seat at that table.   My ask is for the gentleman's assurance that I will be able to  address these concerns as we move forward in those negotiations and  advocate for the interests of my district.    Mr. Speaker, I have full faith we can  negotiate a final debt ceiling deal that both restores fiscal  responsibility and empowers Americans to be good stewards of our  Nation's vast natural resources.   