 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we were here last week when I addressed  the floor on this very issue that I want to talk about again because it  is so absolutely critical to the world's security and our security,  because violence is continuing to rage in Israel. We continue to hear  the horrific and heartbreaking stories of Hamas's vicious attack on  innocent Israeli civilians and families, and our own American citizens  remain unaccounted for and are being held hostage by Hamas in the wake  of their unjustifiable terrorist attack on the nation of Israel.   In this Chamber and in this country, our support for Israel and their  right to defend themselves must be unwavering. We must stand with our  ally and friend as they continue to withstand barbaric attacks from  terrorist militant groups and threats from all directions.   There is absolutely no question that now is the time for American  leadership. Our response needs to be united, and our response needs to  meet the urgency of a moment just like this. As a world power, the  United States of America has both the responsibility and the  wherewithal to support our allies, especially as they come under attack  by nefarious adversaries. It becomes vitally important that our Nation  recognize this, that the American public hear the stories from those in  Israel, and that we understand the brutal, inhumane, and devastating  tactics that Hamas is deploying on the residents of the Jewish state.   Last week, I had the opportunity to speak with two American families  who have members who are being held hostage in Gaza by the terrorist  organization Hamas. These stories are gut-wrenching--one, a 3-year-old  child; the other, a married couple--and bring to light what is truly  happening in Israel right now. Elderly families were ripped from their  homes, children taken from their parents, family members executed in  front of their loved ones.   I am a mother myself and a grandmother, and I know everyone in this  Chamber and everybody listening has members of their own family and  loved ones they care about so deeply. So can we really imagine what  that feels like? This is the reality that the Israeli people are facing  every day.   These attacks need to be condemned and denounced in the strongest  possible terms, and they have been, and it makes it all the more  imperative that the United States provide the support it needs to stop  and root out the evil Hamas.   It is impossible--impossible--to understate--or to overstate, even-- the outside role that Iran has played in these past 18 days since the  initial attack. We know--we know--that Iran is financially supporting  Hamas. We know in the strongest terms that Iran has helped reinforce  Hamas's military strengths and capabilities and training. We know that  Iran is backing Hezbollah, to the north in Lebanon, who stands at the  ready to open a second front of this war along the Israel-Lebanon  border.   We know that the Iranian-backed militias are responsible for the  recent attacks on U.S. personnel stationed in the Middle East, and we  know that Iran harbors deep resentment and hatred for our own United  States and our ally Israel. Make no mistake, Iran is an evil empire,  and they must be held accountable for these attacks as well. Sanctions  need to be imposed and enforced on this regime and all others that are  complicit in the illicit Iranian oil trade, which funds terror and  aggression in the Middle East.   The unmistakable anti-American hatred from Iran and its allies  creates greater questions regarding our own national security. It  highlights the importance of our investments in our own homeland  security and national defense. We are at a very difficult juncture  right now, and the security of America and the defense of our allies  should remain our first priority.   In addition to the terrorist attacks in Israel, there is a large- scale ground war in Europe perpetrated by Russia, the likes of which we  have not seen since World War II. China continues to increase their  posture and presence toward Taiwan. And our southern border is totally  porous. It remains under siege.   And 2.48 million immigrants came across our border in fiscal year  2023, a new record--a new record. Just last month, we set another new  record: over 269,000 encounters at the southern border and then not to  mention that 169 of these encounters were people on our terror  watchlist, which is more than the last 6 fiscal years all tied  together.   So what does that tell you? We are not sheltered from terrorism. We  can't think that what we see going on in the Middle East can't come  here. We know it has been on our shores before, and there is no reason  it can't come back unless we do something where we make intentional  investments.   So now is the time to make those investments into our national  security across the board. Support for Israel, Ukraine, the Indo- Pacific, and our southern border is paramount and will serve to  directly invest back into our own country and our own defense.   America's place on the world stage requires a level of leadership and  accountability that we must accept with authority--we are the  superpower--while we must always prioritize the needs of our own  country first and then the support of our allies.   The good news is that when we are supporting the defense of our  allies, we are also investing in deterrence and also supporting our own  security and deterrence.   I am supportive of providing supplemental funding towards our defense  capabilities--our southern border, Israel, Ukraine, and Indo-Pacific  allies--because it is in the best interest of our country, our  citizens, our neighbors, but I say in the strongest terms, I mentioned  the southern border, but this must be front and center of any kind of  supplemental that comes forward.   The Senate will have its say on the supplemental. The President has  put his proposal before us. I would venture to say that will  drastically change. The buckets may not change so much, but certainly  the areas of influence will, and we will have a bill that creates and  reflects our own thoughts, what we think. We need to craft a response  to the attacks on Israel and other national security emergencies of  this time.   I believe the Biden administration has been defined by its shakiness.  The Senate needs to be defined by its strength and make certain that  our country is ready and able to act.   There is no doubt that the United States is currently being tested by  our adversaries, but we must make certain that we don't respond with  weakness. By working together--and I think we will and can--I am  confident in our ability to lead.  [[Page S5166]]    We must meet this moment, as our Nation has done in times of trial  before. That is what will define this body, and we will move our  country forward.   With that, I yield the floor.   