 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of House  Resolution 5, adopting the rules for the 118th Congress.   First, this rules package is an incredible win not just for  conservatives but for all Americans.   Americans deserve a House of Representatives that serves the people,  not a political or a personal agenda. For decades we have heard a  series of questions, things like: Why can't we simply pass bills that  address a single issue?   Why do we have to Christmas tree these bills?   Why isn't there enough time to read the bills?   Heck, why don't Members have to show up to work to get paid?   I hear that all the time.   That, among other things, is what we have addressed in this rules  package.   To be sure folks back home understand, this rules package is the  document that dictates how we, as Members, conduct business up here,  and that is why it is so important to get this right.   This is the most conservative and transparent rules package in recent  history, and the thanks go to the Republican Conference at large for  working on this and approving this and debating these proposals on  three separate occasions since November.   Here is a sampling of just what is in this commonsense package:   First, every single Member of this body will have at least 72 hours  to review each bill.   Second, Members will now be forced to vote in person rather than via  proxy. Personally, I have never voted proxy, and for me it is pretty  simple. If you collect a paycheck, you should show up. After nearly 3  years of abusing this historic voting change, we are finally putting an  end to proxy voting.  [[Page H66]]    If my husband as a first responder along with thousands of other  first responders across this country showed up every single shift at  the height of COVID without complaint, then Members of Congress should  be able to do the same.   Now, on November 29 I testified before the Rules Committee that  single-issue bills are one of the single most important things we can  do to restore trust in this institution. I am proud to report that this  package includes this new requirement, and that is for all Members to  certify that bills introduced in the House address a single issue.   A huge thanks goes to my friend and colleague from Virginia,  Representative Morgan Griffith, for his work on this issue.   Additionally, this rules package establishes a brand new select  committee that will be tasked to investigate the weaponization of the  Federal Government. No longer will the Department of Justice be allowed  to target parents who show up for their kids. No longer will the FBI be  able to collude with social media companies to censor Americans.    Finally, in the ultimate move to drain the swamp and one that I am  particularly proud of, this rules package reinstates the Holman rule  which allows Members of this body to offer amendments to appropriations  bills to reduce the salary or to fire certain employees or cut Federal  programs. These unelected bureaucrats--the true, real swamp creatures  here in Washington, D.C.--have run roughshod over the American people  without consequence, and today marks our first, but certainly not our  last, move to hold them accountable.   Mr. Speaker, this package is a product that brings transparency and  trust to a broken process. I thank all of my colleagues from the  Republican Conference for their grit and grace in working to put this  package together, and I urge its passage.   