 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment is simple and  straightforward. My amendment provides congressional disapproval of the  denial of the Jordan Cove project permits.   The Jordan Cove project was an important liquefied natural gas  proposal that would have been the only West Coast LNG export terminal  and would have been essential to exporting LNG to our allies in the  Pacific and freedom around the world.   The Department of Energy determined that the Jordan Cove project was  expected to create 6,000 jobs during peak construction and generate up  to $100 million in State and local tax revenue annually.   Importantly, this project would have allowed us to export clean  liquefied natural gas to our allies, many of which have been dependent  on energy from Russia, OPEC, Venezuela, and even Iran.   America makes the cleanest energy around the world. In fact, our  natural gas is 42 percent cleaner than Russian gas. American  innovation, in particular, fracking, has allowed America to be the  global leader in emissions since 2000.   In 2016, the United States Geological Survey released a report that  increased the estimate of technically recoverable natural gas in the  Mancos shale deposit from 1.6 trillion cubic feet of natural gas to a  staggering 66.3 trillion, a 40-fold increase.   David Ludlam, who worked for the West Slope Colorado Oil and Gas  Association, said, there is enough natural gas to power the State of  California for 50 years right in Colorado's Third District's backyard,  and the need for our community to join the global energy marketplace  has never been more urgent.   A West Coast LNG export terminal would have shaved critical days and  significant costs off exports to Asia, eliminated threats associated  with hurricanes, and reduced our reliance on the Panama Canal, which  causes significant uncertainty and delays.   We should be advancing energy infrastructure projects to help ensure  American energy dominance and help promote economic growth through a  true all-of-the-above energy policy, not having elected politicians and  bureaucrats pick winners and losers in the energy sector.   Importantly, Jordan Cove has significant bipartisan support. In fact,  the project in Colorado was supported by former-U.S. Senator Cory  Gardner, U.S. Senator Michael Bennet, former-Governor John  Hickenlooper, the Colorado Senate, the liberal Denver Post, the liberal  Grand Junction Daily Sentinel, and local governments in western  Colorado, including Mesa, Garfield, Rio Blanco, Moffat, Routt, Delta,  and many other counties and municipalities in my region.   While similar project proposals have languished for decades, Jordan  Cove was on track for success after the Federal Energy Regulatory  Commission granted two Federal permits for the Jordan Cove Energy  Project and issued a certificate of public convenience and necessity to  the Pacific Connector Gas Pipeline in March of 2019.   Unfortunately, the anti-pipeline, anti-natural gas, liberal  Governor's administration in Oregon denied the permits and the  certificate necessary for these projects, essentially killing the  project in December of 2021 when the company pulled out, citing their  inability to obtain the necessary State permits in the immediate  future.   If Green New Deal extremists in the Governor's office actually cared  about the environment, they would have supported this project as  natural gas emissions result in significantly fewer air pollutants and  carbon dioxide emissions, and this important project would have  advanced local, regional, and global emissions reduction goals.   Like the Keystone XL pipeline, Jordan Cove was a major opportunity  killed by extreme environmentalists whose sole agenda isn't protecting  the environment, isn't being good stewards of what we have been blessed  with, but is keeping our American energy sources in the ground and  killing off fossil fuels.   America deserves an American energy strategy that works for all  Americans, and this amendment makes clear that we should not allow  States with a misguided agenda to kill projects of national and global  energy importance.   Mr. Chair, I support adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in favor of my amendment which  inserts my 90-Day Review Act into H.R. 1. My amendment will further  improve H.R. 1's overall goal of ensuring reasonable timelines and  predictability for projects by shortening the timeline to file a  petition for judicial review of a permit, license, or approval of a  major infrastructure project from 150 days to 90 days.   Frivolous litigation should not be a hurdle to critical  infrastructure projects that will improve the lives of Americans across  the country. For far too long, we have put trial lawyers' interests  ahead of the American people. Burdensome litigation causes our  hardworking men and women to sit idle on job sites as they wait on  court processes.   It is far past time that Congress reduces the Federal Government's  stranglehold on critical infrastructure projects and helps job creators  put the American people to work.   By streamlining the Federal litigation timeline, my amendment will  help reduce frivolous litigation, cut red tape, and help critical  infrastructure projects move forward in a more timely manner. My  amendment will reduce the amount of time it takes to construct real and  important infrastructure projects like highways, bridges, railways,  dams, and other important projects that will improve the lives of the  people in my district and all across America.   Last Congress, we saw Democrats ram through a trillion-dollar  infrastructure bill where only 9 percent of it actually went to  infrastructure. Rather than focusing on meaningful reforms, this bill  funded a slush fund at the Department of Energy for Green New Deal  projects; tens of billions of dollars to subsidize the electric vehicle  industry, establish programs to cool down pavement, reduce idling done  by trucks, and even study racist roads and bridges. Yes, Mr. Chair, you  heard that correctly.   Instead of spending time on this unpopular, America last agenda,  House Republicans have proposed real reforms like this one, and it  would cut red tape and speed up construction. I am proud to be a  cosponsor of this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote in  favor of my amendment as well as the underlying bill.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas  (Mr. Westerman), the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   