 Madam Chair, I rise in favor of the en bloc amendment  package, which includes six of my amendments that redirect funds from  Biden's bloated bureaucracy to actually help our Nation's veterans.   Our men and women in uniform and our Nation's veterans put everything  on the line to defend this great country and our freedoms. They deserve  the best care that America has to offer.   Caring for our veterans should be a priority in our annual funding  bills. That is why I drafted these amendments that transfer dollars  from the Federal bureaucracy to provide additional resources for  veterans, including veteran mental health programs, medical and  prosthetic research, the Board of Veterans' Appeals to help reduce its  backlog and process veterans claims more quickly, gravesites for  veterans in areas where a veteran cannot be buried in a VA national  cemetery, construction of State extended care facilities, the Staff  Sergeant Parker Gordon Fox Suicide Prevention Grant Program, and  veterans telehealth and rural health.   Don't believe the lies on the other side of the aisle. The Republican  majority is committed to fully funding our veterans healthcare programs  and funding veterans benefits and VA programs.   Earlier this year, they falsely claimed that the Limit, Save, Grow  Act would cut veterans benefits, even though it didn't even mention  veterans in the bill.   The White House and the leftists falsely tried to claim that this  bill cut veterans benefits before it was even released. We didn't even  have the text yet.   Let me say this again: This bill fully funds our veterans and even  provides an increase of $1.5 billion above the discretionary funding  level contained in the fiscal year 2023 bill drafted by Democrats.   The only thing this bill cuts is wasteful spending, and it ensures  the Department can no longer be politicized by putting veterans and  their needs above a rainbow flag or pronouns.   My support for our servicemembers does not end when their service is  complete. I am committed to ensuring that our Nation's most precious  resource, its sons and daughters and mothers and fathers who answered  the call to serve in uniform receive the essential healthcare and  benefits they have earned.   I applaud the committee for taking on this difficult task of  prioritizing limited resources for our veterans.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of my amendments,  as well as the underlying bill, which fully funds our veterans.   