 Madam Speaker, today the President will release his  budget, and I thought it would be appropriate to stand before you to  talk about how we got here today.   There has been reckless spending under both Republican and Democratic  administrations, but let me be very clear: We do not have a revenue  problem. We have a spending problem.   What is truly astonishing is that during the course of this 5-minute  speech, the national debt will increase by $7 million. In the next 10  years, the debt is predicted to almost double.   Furthermore, if the debt were divided evenly, each taxpayer would be  responsible for $246,867 in debt.   We should have heeded the words of George Washington, who said, `` .  . . avoiding likewise the accumulation of debt, not only by shunning  occasions of expense, but by vigorous exertions in time of peace to  discharge the debts, which unavoidable wars may have occasioned. . . .  ''   But it is not only George Washington, overall. The Founders generally  disapproved of debt and believed that the amount the country owed  should be limited.   The U.S. national debt has increased by more than $8 trillion since  late January 2020, the majority of which was under the Biden  administration. This includes programs like the American Rescue Plan;  the infrastructure legislation, which was really the Green New Deal in  disguise; less than half of that funding went to traditional  infrastructure; and the so-called Inflation Reduction Act.   We can't continue with the status quo. For FY23, Biden proposed a  $5.8 trillion budget. The national debt is becoming a leading national  security concern. Foreign countries, such as China, hold nearly $870  billion in debt.   It is Biden's executive orders that have led to increased  regulations, higher inflation and, ultimately, higher national debt.  Programs such as the student loan forgiveness program, canceling the  Keystone XL pipeline, Waters of the U.S., and other executive orders  that have cost Americans nearly $1 trillion.   The CBO's Budget and Economic Outlook projects a Federal deficit of  $1.4 trillion in 2023, an average of $2 trillion annually from 2024 to  2033.   The President's budget will double down on failed economic policies  that have been devastating for millions of hardworking Americans. It  locks in historic levels of spending on far-left policies and higher  taxes that will worsen inflation and drive our economy into recession.   President Biden's answer--creating a culture of dependency that makes  millions of families more reliant on the government. His approach will  mean fewer people in the workforce, more people on welfare, and a  stagnant economy for a generation. We are on the brink of an  unprecedented fiscal crisis.   Republicans have a strong vision for the country. It is called the  Commitment to America. It is built on four main principles: An economy  that is strong, a Nation that is safe, a future that is built on  freedom, and a government that is accountable.   Meanwhile, the Democrats have their own vision for this country, and  it is weaker: An economy that is weak. The administration has  significantly constrained economic growth, causing 15 consecutive  months of 40-year high inflation. Prices for groceries, gas, and other  household necessities have skyrocketed.   They propose raising taxes on individuals, families, and businesses,  which will result in even higher prices, lower wages, and fewer jobs.   A nation that is at risk; President Biden's budget fails to  prioritize the safety and security of the American people. It fails to  adequately fund border security, leaving us vulnerable to crime, gangs,  and drugs pouring into the country.   A future that is built on dependency; currently, there are 11 million  job openings in America, and 5.7 million unemployed individuals. This  partisan agenda traps people in a cycle of poverty and government  dependence.   Lastly, a government that is unaccountable. The Democrats' proposed  budgets represent a significant expansion of the Federal Government's  role in our daily lives. It is essential we hold government accountable  for spending and ensure that taxpayer dollars, yours and mine, are  being spent wisely.   There are theories that the rich and corporations don't pay their  fair share. Businessowners pay taxes in numerous ways, corporate tax,  capital gains, income tax. The top 1 percent pay 40 percent Federal  income tax already.   