 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for  his decision to highlight the unprecedented investment being made in  regions across our country.   Over the past 2 years, every single State across New England has  benefited mightily from President Biden's Invest in America agenda. We  have heard already from my esteemed colleagues on the Regional  Leadership Council about the lifesaving healthcare savings that  families are starting to feel, the good-paying manufacturing jobs we  are creating, and the tremendous strides we are making to close the  digital divide.   Each of those is being felt on the ground in my home State of  Massachusetts and in every State in the region. Tonight, however, I  would like to focus on a singular issue that has disproportionately  improved the lives of almost every family in New England--President  Biden's bipartisan infrastructure law.   Mr. Speaker, New England is home to some of the oldest roads and  bridges in our Nation. In fact, the bridge where the ``shot heard round  the world'' was fired in Concord, Massachusetts, in the district I have  the honor to represent, is still standing to this day. Battle Road,  which connected Concord to Lexington nearly 250 years ago, is  memorialized for folks across the country to come and experience for  themselves.   Of course, not every single bridge or road is that old, but there are  thousands of these critical pieces of infrastructure across New England  that are decades or even centuries old. Due to year after year  divestment from Washington, State and local governments have struggled  to keep up with increasing repair costs for a long time.   Mr. Speaker, this was a problem I saw play out firsthand as a kid  growing up in Lowell. The State came in and built what was supposed to  be a temporary bridge, the Rourke Bridge, over the Merrimack River. The  plan was to come back and replace the bridge in a few years, but that  never happened. The temporary Rourke Bridge is still standing, albeit  hardly, 40 years later.   Until we took up and passed the bipartisan infrastructure law, there  was no telling if and when it was ever going to be replaced, but this  landmark legislation is delivering $150 million to finally get this  project done. That is the kind of impact this once-in-a-generation  investment is having in communities across New England.   In Woodstock, New Hampshire, the Green Bridge on Route 175 was one of  the first projects in the country to receive funding from the  infrastructure law.   In New London, Connecticut, over $320 million in Federal funding is  supporting the rehab of the Gold Star Memorial Bridge on I-95, a  critical corridor that supports more than 42,000 vehicles each day.   Mr. Speaker, by the time the bipartisan infrastructure law has  allocated its last dollar in 2027, it will have improved the lives of  every single American. It will have made thousands of roads and bridges  safer for parents to get their children to school on time. It will  shorten commutes, giving workers back precious time from each evening  to spend with their loved ones. It will have reduced car maintenance  costs caused by crater-sized potholes that are the bane of every  family's existence.   This is the kind of progress Presidents of both parties have promised  for decades but failed to deliver. However, President Biden and the  Democrats in Congress got it done. Bridges large and small, from the  iconic Golden Gate to the Basiliere Bridge in Haverhill, Massachusetts,  are finally going to be completed because of it.   I am proud of the work we did with President Biden to pass his Invest  in America agenda, and I look forward to work ahead as a member of the  Regional Leadership Council under Chairman Hoyer's tremendous  leadership to make sure the bipartisan infrastructure law is  successfully implemented.   