 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.J.  Res. 27, which would nullify the rule titled: ``Revised Definition of  `Waters of the United States.' ''   As the vice ranking member of the Water Resources and Environment  Subcommittee, I am extremely aware of the crucial role clean water  plays in the success of our Nation's economy, including agriculture and  energy development, as well as the health of our communities.   This resolution is the latest attempt to attack longstanding critical  safeguards for clean water with an utter disregard for the devastating  impact this will have on hardworking American families.   In Ohio, we have had to bear the brunt of the reckless disregard for  safeguards that has contaminated water supplies and caused irreversible  harm, some of which we can't even begin to quantify.   My colleague aptly identified multiple issues and examples from Ohio  that explain why it is necessary to protect our water, whether it is  toxic chemicals from a train derailment; a burning lake--imagine that;  or compromised drinking water due to algal blooms, which happened in  northeast Ohio in our Great Lake, Lake Erie, which is a significant  resource for us in our Ohio community. A good clean water source has  been impacted, and many others across the country could be as well.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation unquestionably undermines the Clean  Water Act, and it is unnecessary and a glaring attack on future  attempts to protect our Nation's water quality.   When a rule is undone using the Congressional Review Act process,  future administrations are prevented from issuing rules that are  substantially the same, which could and very likely will undermine  agencies in their activities to stop bad actors who pollute our  waterways.   I understand the need for regulatory certainty, and I certainly want  to help us achieve that. Whether it is to provide certainty for  businesses, local governments, State governments, farmers, hunters,  fishers, or builders, Americans deserve that certainty.   Mr. Speaker, isn't it important to ensure that our constituents,  including my constituents in Ohio's 13th District, have certainty when  they turn on the tap that they are sure they are not drinking toxic  water that may be a carcinogen that will impact their health in the  future?   It is important that all people, regardless of where they live, or  their economic standing, creed, or color, have access to clean water.  It is how we put people above politics.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote  ``no'' emphatically.   