 Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for yielding  time.   I rise in strong support of H.R. 185 to end the international travel  COVID vaccine mandate.   I am a doctor, and unlike my colleague on the other side of the  aisle, I am also a former director of the Iowa Department of Public  Health, so I am speaking for public health.   The vast majority of Americans are either vaccinated or have natural  immunity. There is no recognition of natural immunity by continuing the  COVID-19 vaccine mandate for travelers into the United States.   This is, as previously alluded, not 2020. It is 2023. This timely  measure  [[Page H751]]  nullifies the CDC's order that restricts noncitizen entry into the  United States unless the traveler can prove they are vaccinated against  COVID-19. It doesn't say to prove immunity or prove testing negative.   Mr. Speaker, it is time to move forward. Entry restrictions were  necessary during the early stages and the height of the pandemic, but  that was when we, as a Nation, were still learning the details of the  virus and experiencing soaring death and hospitalization rates.   Now, over 95 percent of Americans have various forms of immunity,  whether from vaccination or prior infection, and health professionals  have deep knowledge of the coronavirus that has led to multiple  vaccines and therapeutics.   People have returned to work, children to school, and Americans have  resumed international travel at prepandemic rates.   Some of the countries with the most stringent lockdown and protocols,  Canada, Australia, and Germany, all have eliminated their severe entry  restrictions. All have suspended their vaccine requirements. It is time  that we, as a Nation, do the same.   This does not mean that we do not still have circulating virus. We  are aware of that, but it is time for the mandate for travelers  entering the United States to end.   Republicans and Democrats should be able to agree that the pandemic  is over. President Biden even said so himself.   House Republicans will continue to move our country past the  pandemic, which is exactly what this bill does.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues as a public health professional to  vote ``yes.''   