 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R.  1338, the Satellite And Telecommunications Streamlining Act that I am  proud to lead with Ranking Member Pallone.   The SAT Streamlining Act is the first legislation in over two decades  to update our laws governing how communications services using  satellite technologies are licensed by the FCC.   Satellite communications systems play a pivotal role in closing the  digital divide. Yet, the legal framework for licensing new and  innovative satellite technologies has not kept pace with the 21st  century.   Other adversaries, like China, seek to overtake our lead in  developing these next-generation technologies. The SAT Streamlining Act  would reform and improve the FCC's process to make the United States  the destination of choice for licensing satellite communications  systems without expanding the FCC's authority.   Our goal today is to ensure that the FCC does not become a space  traffic cop and try to manage space traffic management functions or  provide space situational awareness information. We added rules of  construction to clarify the FCC does not have the authority to be the  space traffic cop and affirm that nothing in H.R. 1338 would expand the  existing authority of the FCC currently regarding orbital debris and  space safety.   I will read the Rules of Construction. If you look at the Rules of  Construction--this is section 3(A). ``Space Situational Awareness  Services and Information. Nothing in this subsection, including the  rules issued pursuant to paragraph (1)(A), shall be construed to grant  the Commission authority to carry out the functions provided under  section 2274 of title 10, United States Code . . . ''   Then you go to section B: ``Space Safety and Orbital Debris. Nothing  in this subsection, including the rules issued pursuant to paragraph  (1)(A), shall be construed to expand the authority of the Commission to  establish requirements for or regulate space safety and orbital  debris.''   Subsection C. ``Authority of Commission Under This Act. Nothing in  subparagraph (A) or (B) shall be construed to limit the authority of  the Commission with respect to space stations licensed under this  Act.''   Those are the Rules of Construction.   This legislation today is to provide certainty to satellite operators  by setting out clear performance objectives for satellite  communications systems.   These changes will ensure that as satellite operators choose a venue  for licensing their global systems, the United States' regulatory  process is more appealing than other nations.   The SAT Act would establish an expedited review process for approving  minor modifications to satellite communications systems, which will get  new technologies into space sooner.   Second, the legislation would promote competition among satellite  communications providers.   Spectrum access is a necessary component of global satellite  communications networks.   Innovation takes place at a rapid speed, and the FCC should have  clear guidance from Congress on how to evaluate whether a proposed  satellite communications system can share spectrum with other systems  to avoid harmful interference.   The SAT Act sets forth a framework that will ensure spectrum is used  efficiently and promotes competition and innovation in the satellite  communications marketplace.   China is currently working to launch and operate a national  constellation similar to the American satellite communications systems.   Unlike our regulatory process, China can move swiftly to approve new  technologies in their quest to dominate America and the world.   In order to ensure U.S. licensed systems stay ahead of our  competitors, our regulatory environment must keep  [[Page H3926]]  pace with industry while continuing to ensure responsible spectrum use.   We began this effort to develop a new licensing framework for the  modern era 2 years ago. We have worked with a wide array of  stakeholders from the satellite industry. I am pleased we are moving  forward today.   We must lead with more innovation, more competition, and better  communications services for American homes and businesses.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Pallone and all the stakeholders  that worked with us over the last few years to create a framework that  will promote competition, innovation, and predictability.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote in support of the  legislation.   