 Madam President, I rise today to address this Chamber at  an increasingly important moment in our Nation's history, to discuss  the national security issues that we are currently facing and the ways  in which the U.S. Senate can address them.   On the floor, over the past several weeks, I have repeatedly called  for American leadership in support of our allies abroad and in support  of the many challenges that we face here at home. Again, today, I renew  that call for American leadership and continue to stress the urgency  created by the trials at hand: from the vicious, horrific attacks on  our allies in Israel by Hamas to Putin's aggression we see in Europe;  from North Korea's brazen nuclear posturing to Iranian militias  attacking our men and women overseas in uniform; and, of course, the  increasing tensions that we see in the Indo-Pacific, where China  continues to threaten stability and to pursue the largest military  buildup since World War II.   We are currently living in times and are tasked in making decisions  that will greatly shape the world in which we and the young people here  today will be living in. Our Nation is being tested. Our resolve is  being tested. And a country as powerful as ours needs to show strength,  clarity, and control that only the United States of America can  generate.   This is something I have addressed repeatedly with my constituents  across West Virginia and something that I am confident they understand  and agree with. The Mountain State is incredibly patriotic. We are very  proud Americans. Pride in our country and a steadfast belief in the  ideals and values that we stand for are invaluable, both now and in our  future. I agree with my fellow patriotic West Virginians that this is  the greatest country on Earth and that the title requires us to make  critical investments in both our own national security and in the  security of our allies, before it is too late.   It is imperative that Americans across this country recognize this  and that we come together as our adversaries attempt to turn us against  one another.   I am appreciative of the Biden administration for proposing a  supplemental appropriations package that addresses key areas of concern  that I have talked to, but those key areas of concern that we see  across our country and the world. That being said, the administration's  supplemental request needs to be recognized for what it is--a request.  The Senate must and will have a say in how this is formulated. The  Biden administration has not shown the strength it needs to during  these challenging times.   We need to unabashedly stand with Israel. We need to responsibly  support  [[Page S5277]]  Ukraine as they further deteriorate Putin's military. They are getting  back land that they lost. They are regaining it. We need to strengthen  our allies and our own defense capabilities in the Indo-Pacific. And we  may need to make strong changes to policies that have allowed our  southern border to remain in chaos for years now. Any response from the  Senate must reflect these four categories because they are directly  tied to what is in the best interest of our country and our national  security.   Yesterday, I participated in a Senate Appropriations hearing to  examine President Biden's request. This was an important step. It  allowed us to grow consensus as we move toward a supplemental that will  be crafted by the Senate. I firmly believe that this was one of our  most important Appropriations Committee hearings, and I congratulate  the chair and the vice chair. This hearing highlighted how investments  into the defense of Israel and Ukraine go a long way to strengthening  our own defense capabilities and how the lack of deterrence and  enforcement at our southern border is creating elevated threats to our  national security.   This further underscores the importance of responsible relief efforts  that need to be included in a response from the Senate. It is critical  that a Senate-crafted supplemental address all four areas that I have  mentioned and that we provide the tools needed for our allies to win  and to strengthen our own defense capabilities, at the same time, in  the process.   Israel is currently under attack by Hamas and Hezbollah and  terrorists who are supported by America's most evil adversaries.  American lives have been lost, and far too many innocent families have  been left without a home and without their loved ones.   Ukraine is facing an unjust and unprovoked ground war, the likes of  which we have not seen in generations--nor did we think we would see in  this generation. Putin's aggression creates dangers all around the  globe. The Ukrainian military is decimating Russia's military strength  without putting one American troop in harm's way.   Additionally, funding toward Ukraine goes straight into replenishing  our own stockpiles with new and more advanced weapons. These are  weapons that are made in the U.S.A., for the U.S.A., some of which are  made in my home State of West Virginia.   Our Indo-Pacific allies remain on heightened alert. I saw this  directly when I visited the region last summer. It is irresponsible to  neglect the tie between the attacks on Israel, the war in Ukraine, and  the security of Taiwan and the increasing aggression from China--and on  our southern border, which remains in chaos.   President Biden's policies have led to record after record of illegal  crossings, with an alarming amount of encounters with individuals on  our own country's Terrorist Watch List. I saw where Secretary Mayorkas  testified yesterday that 600,000 ``got-aways''--we don't even count  them in the over 2 million who were apprehended. This is 600,000 people  who are believed to have entered our country without any interdiction  at all. We don't know who these people are.   We do not just need funding for a border wall; we need substantial  changes in policy, as I said earlier, that will strengthen our security  and protect our homeland, which has been left under siege for far too  long.   It is important that Congress and the American public recognize the  importance of support across those four categories. The investments  will support our own defense industrial base. It will increase the  security of the United States. We will support our allies in their time  of need, and, most importantly, we will keep U.S. servicemembers from  fighting in these battles. Each of these categories is in the direct  and best interest of the United States and the security of our homeland  and the security of our allies.   There is no doubt that now is the time to act. If we fail to meet our  obligations in any of the four areas, we weaken the overall impact of  all of them. I am confident in the ability of this Chamber to craft a  supplemental that meets the growing and urgent national security needs  of our country and our world.   The time for American leadership is now.   