 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague, the  chairman of the Judiciary Committee, for his strong defense of life,  for the precious unborn, and for promoting a culture of life at all  times.   I stand, Madam Speaker, in support of H. Con. Res. 3, expressing the  sense of Congress condemning the recent attacks on pro-life facilities,  groups, and churches.   There have been now nearly 100 recorded acts of violence and  intimidation against pro-life individuals and organizations by radical  pro-abortion activists since the initial leak of the draft Supreme  Court Dobbs opinion.   Following the leak and issuance of the Supreme Court's decision in  Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization, anti-life fanatics have  targeted, destroyed, or vandalized, as I said, over 100 pro-life  facilities, groups, and churches to further their radical cause.   Pro-life pregnancy centers nationwide play a critical and important  role in supporting and assisting pregnant women, their children, and  their families.   Because the Biden Justice Department refuses to protect these vital  resource centers, Congress must be clear in condemning the violence  against pro-life facilities.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to stand against violence  and to support H. Con. Res. 3.    Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague, a  champion for life, our chair of the Judiciary Committee,   Jim Jordan.   I rise today, Madam Speaker, in support of H.R. 26, the Born-Alive  Abortion Survivors Protection Act. I have championed this issue for  decades, and I have been blessed and honored to lead this legislation  since 2019.    I am so grateful to the co-leads of this bill, Representative Kat  Cammack and our Majority Leader,   Steve Scalise; to the leadership of  this Congress; and especially to the thousands of champions of life  across the country for their tireless work and support of the most  vulnerable Americans, unborn and newborn infants.   Thanks to these efforts, after dozens of unanimous consent requests,  two discharge petitions, and countless hours of advocacy work, the  House will, at last, take action to ensure that every single baby born  in the United States receives lifesaving medical care at their most  vulnerable moment.   All children should be welcomed with joy and wonder, no matter the  circumstances of their birth. Yet, too many of these sweet little ones  are denied the medical care they need to survive and thrive simply  because they were unwanted.   This commonsense legislation will require healthcare providers to  administer the same level of care to the babies who survive abortions  that they  [[Page H180]]  would to any other child born at the same gestational age.   I hope that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will, again,  join me in supporting the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act,  as some did, as our chairman mentioned, when it passed the House in  both 2015 and 2018 with bipartisan support.   To that point, I want to be absolutely clear that this bill has  nothing to do with the Supreme Court's decision in Dobbs to return  abortion to the States. Not a word of the born-alive act obstructs  States' ability to implement Dobbs as they see fit.   I strongly believe that States should control pro-life policymaking,  just as I support exceptions for rape, incest, and the life of the  mother, but today, we are considering an entirely separate issue. We  are considering the protection of infants that have been delivered  alive after an attempted abortion. That is it, plain and simple.   I implore my Democratic colleagues to put aside politics and stand in  support of lifesaving care for these innocent newborns.   We must remember today that children are not the only victims of  born-alive abortions. Women, fathers, and whole families all suffer  deeply from the loss of a child. Our communities are weaker because  these bright young ones did not grow up to share their wisdom,  laughter, and ingenuity with all of us.   Just down the hall a little bit later this afternoon, we will meet  with extraordinary women who survived abortions. When they entered the  world, they were not greeted with the profound love and all that I felt  when I held my children and grandchildren for the first time. Instead,  they were left to die.   They are alive today because of courage and grace, mostly of nurses  who chose to act as they struggled for breath. Each of these women has  built a happy, healthy life, bringing light and joy to their friends  and families and enriching their communities. They inspire us all.   As a mother and grandmother, they affirm my belief in a culture of  life for children, born and unborn, and their mothers and families.  Every single newborn, regardless of the circumstances of their birth,  deserves to share the miracle of life and have lifesaving medical care.   We must act with compassion to protect these little ones and give  women a strong support system as they navigate the miracles and  challenges of motherhood. This bill will save real lives, and it will  give survivors a precious chance to build a future.   Madam Speaker, I urge every Member of the House to vote ``yes'' on  H.R. 26, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act.   