 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my amendment that  utilizes the Holman rule to reduce the salary of U.N. Ambassador Linda  Thomas-Greenfield to $1.   Ms. Thomas-Greenfield has been entrusted with representing the United  States on the world stage and has done a terrible job. She made the  decision to allow the U.S. to rejoin the anti-Semitic United Nations  Human Rights Council, which routinely ignores some of the world's worst  atrocities and grants membership to countries with egregious human  rights violations, giving countries like China, Russia, Cuba,  Venezuela, Pakistan, and Somalia an international platform to speak on  human rights.   Rather than focusing on China's systematic oppression of millions of  Uyghur Muslims or the inhumane treatment of women and ethnic religious  minorities across the Middle East, this council disproportionately  targets the State of Israel.   She was also involved in the decision to resume funding the U.N.  Population Fund account, which supports coercive abortion and  involuntary sterilization.   During her Senate confirmation, Ms. Thomas-Greenfield expressed  support for taxpayer-funded abortions in foreign countries.   In 2021, Ms. Thomas-Greenfield was quoted saying: ``White supremacy  is woven into America's founding documents and principles.'' In the  same speech she went on to say: ``We have to acknowledge that we are an  imperfect Union and have been since the beginning . . .''   Let's give this very important job to someone who loves America and  doesn't hate the values that our Founders ingrained into the strongest  country in the world.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and hold Ms. Thomas- Greenfield accountable for her poor representation of America on the  world stage.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I once again urge my colleagues to support  this amendment to hold Ms. Thomas-Greenfield accountable. This is an  unelected, rogue bureaucrat, not a public servant. This is someone who  has not taken her role seriously, being involved in the decisions to  resume funding the U.N. Population Fund account, which supports  coercive abortion and involuntary sterilization. This is absolutely  grotesque to me.   There are many other reasons that I have listed here that we should  be utilizing this Holman rule to hold this unelected, rogue bureaucrat  accountable.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my amendment that  utilizes the Holman rule to reduce the salary of the director of the  Secretary of State's Policy Planning Staff, Salman Ahmed, to $1.   This extreme leftist was a partisan hack for the Obama administration  for 8 years and, prior to that, spent 15 years pushing globalist and  anti-America First policies for the United Nations.   In his role with the State Department, Ahmed has pushed for  squandering tens of millions of dollars on misguided policy pursuits  like the  [[Page H4779]]  Green New Deal and climate change, which he wrongfully believes is an  existential threat.   Ahmed is a pro-China sympathizer who consistently criticized  President Trump for taking a tough stance on Chinese adversaries.   As the director of the Secretary of State's Policy Planning Staff,  Ahmed also played an instrumental role in the disastrous withdrawal  from Afghanistan.   This poor planning and not-well-thought-out withdrawal resulted in  the death of 13 American heroes, a shameful surrender to the Taliban  that left our own lifeless.   Ahmed is a principle player and one of the main reasons America has  become an embarrassment on the global stage. Our brave men and women in  uniform and Department of State public servants overseas deserve better  than Salman Ahmed.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and hold Mr.  Salman Ahmed accountable for his terrible performance and reduce his  salary to $1.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I see nothing wrong with taking a stand as  an elected official to hold unelected, rogue bureaucrats accountable.  The one way that we can effectively do that is through our House rules,  utilizing the Holman rule, to affect the salary of these bureaucrats  who are abusing their position, not taking it seriously, or should not  have been appointed there in the first place.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my amendment to reduce  the salary of the Department's acting chief diversity and inclusion  officer, Constance Mayer, to $1.   Simply put, Ms. Mayer is working in an office that should not exist  doing a job that should not exist.   In addition to hundreds of ambassadors, the Department already boasts  a whopping 55 personal envoys, representatives, and coordinators with  overlapping responsibilities.   Special positions, like Ms. Mayer's, often create both resentment  within the Department's existing bureaucracy and confusion among  foreign governments as to who is actually setting policy.   At the direction of Joe Biden's DEI executive order, the State  Department produced and published a 19-page equity action plan, the  first sentence of which proclaims: ``Addressing systemic racism . . .  is a core tenet of President Biden's foreign policy.''   The core problem with this plan is that it does not identify a clear  set of problems, and it does not prescribe specific, measurable  solutions. It simply cuts the American social justice template and  pastes it into a plan that is supposed to inform U.S. foreign policy  across the world.   This office is also functionally redundant. To the extent that it has  a mission, the responsibilities of the chief diversity and inclusion  officer overlap with the Office of Civil Rights, which is charged with  propagating ``fairness, equity, and inclusion at the Department of  State.''   This job is yet another unaccountable, ideologically motivated,  politically charged senior office with vague goals and no yardsticks  for measuring success.   The Federal Government's obsession with diversity, equity, and  inclusion needs to come to an end.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to remove  this unnecessary position that has proven to undercut our core American  values and waste more taxpayer dollars.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I just want to clarify, once again, that the  diversity inclusion officer should not exist. This office is  functionally redundant to the extent that it has a mission. The  responsibilities of the chief diversity and inclusion officer overlap  with the Office of Civil Rights, which is charged with propagating  fairness, equity, and inclusion at the Department of State.   This is yet another unacceptable, ideologically motivated,  politically charged senior office with vague goals and no yardstick for  measuring success. That is why I am offering this amendment to reduce  the salary of the Department's Acting Chief Diversity and Inclusion  Officer, Constance Mayer, to $1.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my amendment that  utilizes the Holman rule to reduce the salary of Palestinian Affairs  Officer George Noll to $1.   On March 13, the Office of Palestinian Affairs in the U.S. Embassy in  Jerusalem posted on Twitter photos of its director, George Noll,  visiting the Tomb of Lazarus north of Jerusalem.   The post referred to the tomb as ``an important religious site  maintained by the Palestinian Authority's Ministry of Tourism.''   Mr. Noll praised the Palestinian Authority's ``work preserving  beautiful historical and religious sites like this throughout the West  Bank.''   We all know the truth. Instead of preserving beautiful historical and  religious sites throughout Judea and Samaria, the Palestinian Authority  is deliberately destroying them.   Shortly after this exchange, the State Department published its  Country Reports on Human Rights practices. The section on Israel was  incredibly hostile. This report attacks Israel for denying prison  furloughs to Palestinian terrorists, fighting terrorism, and preventing  unrestricted illegal immigration.   From Noll's praise for the Palestinian Authority, which is committed  to erasing Jewish history, to the State Department's denunciation of  Israel's right to defend itself and enforce its laws, the Biden  administration's abusive treatment of Israel needs to end.   As we all know, the Palestinian Authority is also known to pay the  families of terrorists lavish monthly pensions for attacks against  Americans and Israelis as a part of their so-called Martyr's Fund.   The taxpayers here in this country should not be footing the bill to  pay a government employee to praise a terrorist organization.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my amendment that  ensures no funds to enforce or implement a COVID-19 vaccine mandate for  international travelers.   This simple, straightforward amendment will ensure that Joe Biden's  bureaucrats can never, ever again implement or enforce another  ludicrous and unscientific vaccine mandate for international travel.   When this rule was in place from 2021 to earlier this year, it made  everyday life so much harder for so many people, from tearing apart  family reunifications to punishing companies overseas for doing  business with America.   Just a few stories my congressional office has come across include:   The mother of a Dutch tourist who died on the Appalachian Trail was  unable to come to the United States to collect her son's body;   A woman's fiance who lives in Canada has been unable to visit her on  American soil for the past 3 years;   A man working for a company in the United Kingdom who is unable to  travel to the United States for business meetings; and   A family in New Hampshire with Canadian in-laws has been unable to  have Canadian family members visit for Christmas in the United States  since COVID started.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have already started  ramping up the new round of COVID hysteria.   Last month, it was reported that TSA team members were told that they  will receive new guidelines on how the restrictions will evolve and  that by mid-October, pilots, flight staff, passengers, and airport  patrons will be required to once again wear masks.   Allegedly, administration officials were told that it was not a  matter of ``if'' but ``when'' COVID numbers rise, the Biden  administration plans to roll out a new round of COVID restrictions.   Moreover, numerous Federal agencies have reported purchasing more  COVID-19 equipment and have awarded contracts to private companies to  help enforce COVID-19 pandemic-era safety protocols.   Joe Biden's unilateral vaccine mandates posed an existential threat  to our system of government. It is long past time Congress takes our  Article I authority outlined in the Constitution to rein in Biden's  overreaching mandates that are trampling on our liberties.   The Biden administration fumbled the bag on handling COVID last time  around. We should all be concerned that hysteria regarding the new  COVID-19 variant will be used as justification to return to shutdowns,  mandates, restrictions, and so much more, despite the fact that the  evidence shows that these measures did nothing to combat this virus.   COVID is over. Let's ensure Biden's bureaucrats don't have the power  to impose unpopular and unconstitutional liberty-stripping vaccine  mandates again. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and put an  end to this COVID hysteria led by the ``branch Covidian'' Joe Biden.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentlewoman's concern for  [[Page H4785]]  lives lost in America, and I would hope that the gentlewoman would join  our efforts in securing our southern border. This administration has  stripped title 42 away that prevented illegal aliens from coming into  our country who may pose some sort of threat with an illness or a  virus. If they were serious about COVID-19, this should never be  something that they would want to eliminate. Instead, it is American  citizens and those trying to travel to our country and from our country  who are restricted by these unconstitutional vaccine mandates.   If the gentlewoman is concerned about the numbers of lives being  lost, maybe she should join us in supporting our efforts to secure the  southern border, where there is a flow of fentanyl coming into our  country killing 300 Americans a day, making every State a border State.   It is hard to take any of the paper masks seriously when we know that  they don't work. It has been proven time and time again while they are  on their seventh booster shot and still supposedly getting COVID.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   