 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The Army Corps has halted beach renourishment projects in Florida due  to the perpetual public easement access policy. This is now affecting  more than nine counties in Florida where the Corps has refused to  renourish our beaches without stripping property rights from every  homeowner, an unattainable requirement.   The Corps has renourished Florida's beaches for the past two decades  using  [[Page H5132]]  temporary construction easements to proceed with beach renourishment.  The Corps is now going back and enforcing this new policy dating back  to 1996, but it has not enforced the same policy for the past two  decades. They refuse to address the threat of shore erosion while  continuing to watch our beaches disappear before our very eyes.   Numerous members of the Florida delegation have reached out to  Assistant Secretary Conner at the Corps to resolve this issue. The  unelected bureaucrats at the Army Corps of Engineers have a different  agenda. They have stonewalled every single one of us every single step  of the way. The Corps has neither followed up nor followed through on  proceeding with scheduled beach renourishment projects where we are in  dire need due to damage from recent hurricanes.   If the Army Corps does nothing, our beaches will continue to  dissipate and our homes will be susceptible to destruction.   The truth is, the Army Corps did not require perpetual easements  before, and they do not need them now. The responsibility for the  inevitable degradation of Florida beaches, marine life, and economy  will rest entirely with the Army Corps of Engineers.   I do not know who the Army Corps works for, but it is clear that it  is not the American people. This amendment puts the Army Corps on  notice for their shameful neglect of Floridians and forces them to get  to work on restoring our beaches.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The Army Corps has halted many beach renourishment projects in  Florida. It is now affecting nine counties. Ultimately, in our eyes,  this 1996 policy is completely out of date and needs to be defunded.   Obviously we have massive concerns, to include habitat for endangered  species in my community; a number of private homeowners that will have  their properties destroyed; and, in addition to that, it is going to  financially impact our community, as much of our income for that area  depends on travel as well as our beaches.   I am asking for support for this amendment. I think that it is  something that would benefit not just my constituents, but many of  those in Florida.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   