 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    As Americans in 2023, there is plenty that we disagree  on, but, last week, USA Today released a new study on something we can  all agree to hate--potholes. The study ranked all 50 States based on  how many potholes covered their roads. It also included that the  average car repair after a tussle with a pothole costs over $400.   That is a lot of money for Americans to pay unexpectedly after a road  incident, and, unfortunately, our pothole problem is about to get much  worse.   For the past 67 years, the Highway Trust Fund has largely funded road  maintenance across our Nation. The fund repairs wear and tear from  vehicles that travel our highways. That is critical for our roads, for  our infrastructure, and for our transportation.   But the Highway Trust Fund is running on empty. It is projected to  run out of money in the next few years. The insolvency of the fund  would necessitate a total restructuring of our highway repair system,  and it would throw our national infrastructure under the bus.   So how do we prevent this from happening? The main source of revenue  for the fund is the Federal gas tax, which is a user fee. The money  that drivers pay in taxes when they fill up with gas automatically goes  toward road construction. But as a smaller percentage of vehicles fill  up with gas, a smaller amount of money goes into the Highway Trust  Fund.   The use of electric vehicles, or EVs, has shot up over the last  several years, and, of course, EVs don't use gas. Since they don't fill  up with gas, they don't pay the gas tax, and they don't pay into the  Highway Trust Fund.   As more EVs have been adopted, the fund has become more unstable. It  is not receiving the same revenue as it used to. According to Deloitte,  U.S. adoption of EVs will increase to 30 percent of new car sales by  2030. So that is 30 percent of new car drivers not paying into the  Highway Trust Fund.   But if anyone should be paying into Federal road repair, it should be  EV users. EVs can be up to three times heavier than gas-powered cars,  due to their large batteries. This significant weight puts extra stress  onto our roads. It pulverizes the road bed, causing more maintenance,  more upgrades, and more costs.   The Highway Trust Fund exists to fix exactly the type of damage that  these heavy EVs can cause. So it is only fair that all highway users,  both gas-powered and electric vehicles, pay into that fund.   My recent bill, the Stop EV Freeloading Act would fix this  discrepancy. This new legislation would require EVs to contribute to  the Highway Trust Fund through a two-tier fee structure. The first tier  corresponds to the Federal gas tax. Under my bill, buyers would pay a  one-time $1,000 fee on EVs at the point of sale. That money would  contribute to the highway trust fund. This $1,000 fee equals the  average amount consumers currently contribute to the fund from gas  taxes over 10 years. Ten years is the average lifespan of an EV  battery. This fee would tax EVs the same amount once that gas-powered  cars pay over the lifespan of an EV battery.    The second tier corresponds to the heavy-vehicle use tax, which also  contributes to the highway trust fund. Under my legislation,  manufacturers would pay a one-time fee of $550 on each EV battery  module with a weight greater than 1,000 pounds. The average EV battery  weight is a little less than 1,000 pounds, so taxing those heavier than  average would ensure that the highway trust fund has enough money to  cover any damage these vehicles inflict on highways. The $550 tax is  comparable to the fees imposed on heavy trucks because of the  additional stress they cause to roads and bridges.   The current structure of the highway trust fund doesn't account for  damage EVs can and do cause to our roads, and it is only fair that EVs  and gas-powered vehicles pay those same fees. Both types of vehicles  should contribute to the fund for the vital repairs and maintenance we  need.   Ultimately the changes included in the Stop EV Freeloading Act would  help the fund escape its impending insolvency. Right now, the highway  trust fund is losing to the EV industry, and that means our roads are  going to lose to heavy electric vehicles. When our infrastructure  starts deteriorating, the American people are going to pay the price.  My bill would stop that from happening.   Let's put gas-powered vehicles and electric vehicles on a level  playing field. That is the only way we would all win.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   