 Madam President, I rise today with great concern to talk  about the bloated budget that President Biden has put forward and,  really, what it says about his vision for the future of our country,  because a budget is a vision.   As my Republican colleagues and I will highlight today, this budget  is the latest edition in his tax-and-spend agenda. It also fits the  standards my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have set by  passing inflation-causing, deficit-raising legislation, like the  Inflation Reduction Act and the American Rescue Plan.   Let me make one thing perfectly clear. This budget has no chance of  becoming law. And that is the good news here and great news for our  constituents back home because this misguided proposal would saddle  American families with more taxes, more waste, more debt, and more  government intrusion that our constituents just do not deserve. The bad  news is--at least for this administration--that the unveiling of this  budget shines a spotlight on the priorities of the President, his  administration, and his party.   This should alarm all of us. Case in point, this $6.8 trillion  proposal has been released at a time when so many Americans are  struggling to afford basic necessities, interest rates are soaring, our  national debt is climbing at an alarming rate, and small businesses are  struggling to make ends meet.   While the Biden administration and our Democrats on the other side of  the aisle expect families to make concessions in their everyday lives-- like spending less at the grocery store, putting off buying your first  home, or purchasing an electric vehicle to avoid rising gas prices-- they are attempting to spend nearly $7 trillion, with a ``t'', of hard- earned taxpayers' dollars, pile on to our national debt, and massively  expand the scope and authority of Federal Agencies, like the IRS, which  they massively expanded just several months ago.   What exactly is President Biden's tax-and-spend proposal? Let's dig  in just a little bit. President Biden makes his priorities clear with  his proposed changes to base discretionary funding for Federal  Agencies. That is the baseline.   The Environmental Protection Agency--I have a lot to do with this  Agency because it comes right into my Committee on Environment and  Public Works--gets a staggering--the most of any other Agency--19- percent increase in funding year to year. But the Department of  Homeland Security, the Department of Transportation--remember, Homeland  Security is the one that deals with immigration and the crisis at the  southern border and the flow of drugs and other things--and the Small  Business Administration--where in my State, if you don't grow as a  small business, you are not growing--they are all facing budget cuts.   The White House priorities could not be clearer. And when it comes to  taxes under this budget proposed by the President, Main Street mom and  pop businesses would feel strained like never before.   We just lowered the taxes in our State. It is the biggest tax cut  ever in the State of West Virginia. Yet we are looking at taxes on  small businesses and capital gains taxes. The corporate tax rate goes  up. Taxes on American energy would increase. Retirement taxes go up.  The Medicare tax would increase, and the personal income tax would go  up to the highest level in decades.   What President Biden fails to realize is that the brunt of his tax  hikes would be felt by those who own, invest in, or operate small- and  medium-sized businesses. Maybe, that is why he doesn't put any extra  money in the Small Business Administration.   This is a direct violation of his pledge to not raise taxes on small  businesses.   The National Federation of Small Businesses issued a statement last  week warning that the tax increase--and it is called the National  Federation of Small Businesses. They are small businesses. They say  that this ``would further harm Main Street.'' It would ``crush Main  Street's ability to grow and create jobs.''   The National Federation of Small Businesses believes that the Biden  administration should increase focus on policies that will ``provide  certainty and promote economic growth to allow our small businesses to  create jobs and raise wages.''   My Republican colleagues and I could not agree more. It is my hope  that the President and congressional Democrats will continue working on  previously bipartisan tax issues that spur innovation and are pro- growth.   Just last week, as I said, our State passed historic tax cuts that  signed into law by our Governor, Governor Justice, in the Mountain  State. I wish our Federal Government was following this example.  Instead, President Biden has chosen a different path that an analysis  from the Tax Foundation found would create negative effects on savings,  investments, and have economy-wide repercussions. The  analysis continues that this brazen increase in taxes would ultimately  harm our workers, international competitiveness, and domestic  investment.    We talk about international competitiveness all the time. Why are we  trying to move in a direction where our competitiveness would be less  effective? In short, moving top tax rates in the United States beyond  international norms reduces our economic growth.   You might ask yourself: Does the spending ever stop under President  Biden and this budget?   Well, ironically, it does when you look at our own Department of  Homeland Security, which secures the interior of our Nation. It is  facing a budget cut under this proposal.  [[Page S787]]    The President has consistently said that his budget is a reflection  of his priorities. You see millions of people coming across our  southern board with no deterrence. But nothing runs more true than that  this is his priority--to continue that practice. And the refusal and  inability to secure our border and stop the scourge of illicit drugs  from entering our communities is not the priority of this  administration.   The President's budget requests 350 new border agents, less than a 2- percent increase in our agents, while our border runs rampant with  illegal crossings, and policies like title 42 move closer to sunset.   This budget proposes a contingency slush fund--there is nothing  taxpayers like better than a slush fund--a slush fund for surge  capacity at the border. In other words, give me the money now because I  know we are going to have more people coming over, and I want to have  the money to pay for it in advance because I don't want to come back to  Congress to pay for it because Congress knows we have a problem and  they won't give me the money to pay for it in an emergency. So I am  going to get it up front.   It would be impossible for DHS to use this funding to mitigate our  crisis at the border because, by the time they receive these dollars,  these illegal crossings would have occurred.   We all have priorities, and President Biden made his clear. Securing  our southern border is just not one of his priorities.   We see, clearly, President Biden's priorities yet again when it comes  to military spending. We just had a drone shot down yesterday, I  believe, by the Russians in the Black Sea. The President's budget  shortchanges defense for more reckless spending. It is just a 3-percent  increase--a 3.2-percent increase--in our military and national  security. This comes at a time when inflation in the President's  economy is high and our dollars are stretched thinner and thinner.   We hear about the supply chain. We hear about different materials we  can't get, how much more expensive they are, and how much longer the  wait is. So adversaries overseas increase their defense budgets. Now is  not the time for us to delay that much needed modernization and  reinforcement that we have put ourselves on a pathway for the last  several years. Now is the time to invest in the advanced capabilities  and the industrial base capacity that we expect and need for future  generations and make our national security a priority.   According to the President's budget proposal, our addiction epidemic  doesn't seem to be a top priority either. The President's proposed  budget summary lacks a sense of urgency around this epidemic and the  fentanyl crisis. This is a crisis in my State and in the Presiding  Officer's State, as well, and in all States. My State has been  disproportionately impacted by this. In the budget summary, fentanyl is  only mentioned twice, opioids are mentioned 4 times, and climate change  is mentioned 42 times--42.   In 2022, West Virginia lost 1,135 West Virginians to fentanyl  overdoses. What we lost to overdoses, many of those were fentanyl  overdoses--a large majority.   President Biden, I implore you to put more emphasis on the  communities facing our streets every day that deserve to be our  national priorities.   This budget proposal from the Biden administration makes obvious the  motivations and priorities of the White House and the Agencies. In  Washington, clarity comes at a premium price. So I will give them  credit for that.   But by touting this budget proposal and claiming that it cuts the  deficit by raising taxes shows that, no matter what, the Democrats  aren't interested in cutting spending.   I mean, put yourself in the country's shoes, as a family. What do you  do when you see your credit cards maxing out and times are getting  tough? What do you do? You pull back. You stop spending however you can  do that in your own home.   My Republican colleagues and I stand in direct opposition to what the  President is doing with his budget. So through my remarks on the floor  today and the subsequent speeches by my fellow Republicans, we will  continue to highlight the errors in the President's budget. We will  also stress the need to strike balance, restraint, and regular order.   What does regular order mean to people who are watching this? That  means we go through committees and we compromise, and we talk to  Republicans and Democrats and get together.   The Presiding Officer and I are on the Appropriations Committee. She  is a chair, and I am a ranking member. We do a lot of talking during  this process. That is what we need to do.   I intend to fulfill my obligations on the Appropriations Committee  and, hopefully, we can get this to regular order. Right now, we need to  set priorities in a budget and spending plan that reflect the real  needs we see every day on every street in this country.   