 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my impeachment  bill that will hold Joe Biden accountable for the dereliction of one of  his most basic duties and allowing an invasion to take place across our  southern border that has compromised the safety and security of the  American people.   With the passage of House Resolution 529 today, the House is taking  historic action. For the first time in 24 years, a House Republican-led  majority is moving forward with impeachment proceedings against a  current President.   This bill allows impeachment proceedings to proceed through the  traditional institutional channels by building a body of evidence at  the committee level through the Committees on Homeland Security and the  Judiciary. They will report out impeachment based on the evidence, and  then the House adopting a resolution, so that when a trial occurs in  the Senate there is an existing evidentiary record to rely upon when  holding President Joe Biden accountable.   Since his first day in office, President Biden has trampled on the  Constitution through his dereliction of duty under Article II to take  care that the laws be faithfully executed.   Instead of enforcing our immigration laws, he has lawlessly ignored  them and released more than 2 million illegal aliens into the interior  of the United States without any enforcement mechanism to ensure that  they appear in immigration court.   His actions and open borders agenda demonstrate that he has no  intention of enforcing our current immigration and border security  statutes on the books. Rather, he is deliberately making a mockery of  the rule of law. By ignoring congressionally enacted statutes, Joe  Biden is threatening our constitutional Republic's sacred separation of  powers.   The National Border Patrol Union even noted that the leadership of  the Biden administration are ``straight up liars.'' They even said,  ``We'd say they should be ashamed, but that implies they have a  conscience.'' This is the most corrupt administration in U.S. history.    Joe Biden's lawless disregard for our Federal laws have incentivized  more than 5.5 million illegal aliens to attempt to cross the border,  overwhelming Border Patrol, and allowing an invasion to take place that  is causing real harm to the American people.   The Biden border crisis and massive wave of illegal immigration has  fueled a record-breaking fentanyl crisis. Since President Biden has  taken office, over 100,000 Americans have died from fentanyl, including  1,800 Coloradans.   Under his failed leadership, Border Patrol agents have encountered  over 42,000 pounds of fentanyl at the southern border. That is just  what they have encountered. In addition to smuggling fentanyl, the  National Border Patrol Union has noted that ``the billions of dollars  that Biden's policies make for them'' support a criminal enterprise of  ``rape, murder, torture, child sex trafficking, and kidnapping.''   That is enough fentanyl to kill every American 28 times over.  Innocent children are dying from fentanyl overdoses, and the  devastation this deadly drug is causing to families and communities  cannot be overstated.   President Biden's decision to cede operational control of the  southern border to criminal cartels has endangered our national  security. In just the first few months of fiscal year 2023, Border  Patrol has already caught 125 people on the terrorist watch list trying  to sneak into our country.   President Biden's lawlessness is threatening the very fabric of our  constitutional system. Under the Founder's carefully crafted plan,  Congress has the legislative power to pass the laws, and the President  has the executive power to enforce the laws. The President does not  have the power to arbitrarily overturn laws or to refuse to enforce the  ones he philosophically opposes.   Rather, he is under a strict duty to take care that the laws of the  United States are enforced. If a law is to be modified or overturned,  only Congress has such power, not a rogue President taking  unconstitutional, unilateral action.   By nullifying our immigration and border security laws through a  systematic lack of enforcement, President Biden has not only threatened  the lives of countless Americans with his fentanyl crisis and increased  crime, he has threatened the very foundation of our separation of  powers.   When a President tramples on the Constitution and ignores the laws on  the books, it is Congress' solemn duty to restore our constitutional  balance through articles of impeachment. Congress' power of impeachment  was meant as the ultimate check and balance on the President.   The Founders hardwired this important accountability mechanism into  our Constitution for such a time as this. To stand with the forgotten  men and women across America who are suffering from Biden's record- breaking fentanyl crisis, to take action to secure the border, and to  protect our constitutional separation of powers every Member should  vote to hold President Joe Biden accountable.   