 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I know that accountability is a foreign  concept in Washington, D.C., and there is no lobby for the people, but  I would like to lobby for real farmers and consumers as a farmer  myself. And, also, I have a cosponsor of my amendment, an actual real  farmer, too. I would like to stand with the farmers.   My amendment is very simple. Farmers used to pay a voluntary checkoff  fee when they do a checkoff to promote their commodities to boards,  nonprofit boards. Well, Congress decided to make this fee mandatory and  no transparency. If you are going to force farmers to pay some money, I  think farmers need to know where the money goes. Do they promote  commodities or promote jobs for very wealthy people in fancy suits?  Farmers are working hard for this money.   My amendment has two parts, to help promote transparency with trying  to do the farm bill, but also no taxpayer money should be used unless  we know what is happening with these checkoff dollars to be used to  promote them. I believe no one argues that these moneys are not used  for checkoff fees.   This does not say that they cannot be used for checkoff fees. I  thought this would be an easy amendment. Unfortunately, a lot of  special interest groups that aren't supposed to even lobby with this  money decided to go and attack: How can Congress ask accountability?  How can Congress ask us what we are doing with the money? I believe now  it has become imperative since they are lobbying with this money  against this amendment, against transparency, I think it is becoming  imperative that taxpayer dollars are not used or given to these boards  until we figure out what is going on with the money.   This is a very simple amendment. They say they are not using this  money, so just clarify the intent of the Congress that no taxpayer  dollars are going to be used or given to these boards who knows where  they spend the money. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Massie).    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, if my colleagues are saying that no  taxpayer funds are used for these programs, I don't think that should  be a debate, just to clarify that no taxpayer funds are used for these  programs.   If they are so beneficial, I am looking forward to bringing  transparency. They shouldn't be afraid to say that they are doing these  great things for farmers, but so far, I have seen them serving large  special interest groups and large monopolies, and farmers are becoming  more and more consolidated because the little guy cannot survive.   This is ultimately the decision of Congress to stand up for the  little guy, for consumers, for farmers, or we will continue to cater to  large special interest groups making big salaries. Secretary Vilsack  was making over a million dollars on checkoff boards while farmers were  going bankrupt.   Congress needs to stop this insanity and not be afraid to challenge  them and say that we do stand for the people, we lobby for the people,  and we shouldn't be afraid.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  look forward to bring more transparency, but this is the clarity, and I  don't see any opposition to something that everyone believes exists.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   Mr. THOMPSON from Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, once again, these  checkoff programs are commodity group driven. There are no taxpayer  dollars for any of the activities or for USDA oversight of these  activities. I look forward to the farm bill process where we can  continue discussions I have had with the gentlewoman from Indiana and  with her staff to be able to look at how we improve transparency, how  we refine these programs to provide her and others confidence in them.   The attack on the checkoff programs really was rooted in animal  rights organizations that have one goal, and that is to eliminate the  livestock agriculture industry. Obviously, that is unacceptable, but  increasing transparency is not unacceptable. I see the farm bill  process as the appropriate path forward for that.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   