 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the importance of  both the permitting sections and the provision to expedite the  completion of the Mountain Valley Pipeline that are included in the  Fiscal Responsibility Act.   I want to commend Speaker McCarthy and House Republicans for  negotiating legislation that makes responsible reductions in government  spending while avoiding a government default.   Included in this legislation are key elements of the BUILDER Act  permitting reform proposal, which was championed by Congressman Garret  Graves and by House Natural Resources Chairman Bruce Westerman. The  bill represents a positive first step in improving the permitting  projects for all kinds of projects.   By amending the National Environmental Policy Act for the first time  since 1982, we will help projects of all types whether we are talking  about a road, a bridge, a transmission line, a renewable energy  project, a pipeline, or a port. Simply put, a project shouldn't take  longer to permit than it takes to build, and that should be true  regardless of what type of project is under consideration.   This legislation will impose statutory deadlines on the completion of  environmental impact statements and environmental assessments.   It will streamline the review process with threshold language that  tells Agencies when various levels of review are necessary.   It allows Agencies to share categorical exclusions for similar  projects, because multiple Agencies should not have to do the same work  twice. It makes sense.   By placing the One Federal Decision policy into the NEPA statute,  this legislation will allow project sponsors to work with a single lead  Federal Agency.   Most of those listening probably thought that that was what was  happening anyway. But, no, all of these different Agencies were giving  all individual opinions.   If we want to build things in this country, we should not force  project sponsors to bounce back and forth from one Agency to the next,  often facing litigation at every step. It is just simply common sense  to allow project sponsors to work with one lead Agency.   More work is needed beyond this bill to fix our broken process for  permitting projects. Reforms to the judicial review process, timelier  Fish and Wildlife Service reviews, and improvements to the Clean Water  Act are all very important.   I introduced the RESTART Act last month with a number of my EPW  Republican colleagues to address those issues, and I will continue to  work in a bipartisan way to see additional reforms enacted into law.   Today's legislation is a positive step on permitting reform. Again, I  want to thank Congressman Graves and Chairman Westerman for their  efforts to get us to this point.   Mr. President, the Mountain Valley Pipeline is a prime example of an  important project that has faced senseless delays, mostly as a result  of litigation filed by anti-natural gas activists at the U.S. Court of  Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.   This project has undergone numerous--numerous--environmental reviews  and has received approvals from multiple Federal Agencies both under  the Trump and the Biden administrations. These include actions from the  Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, better known as FERC; the U.S.  Forest Service; the Bureau of Land Management; the U.S. Fish and  Wildlife Service; the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers; the West Virginia  Department of Environmental Protection; and the Virginia Department of  Environmental Quality. These are Agencies that have already approved  the construction of this pipeline.   Given the multiple actions by Federal and State environmental  agencies' approving this project, assertions that this project has not  gone through adequate environmental review are just plain wrong. Both  the Trump and Biden administrations have expressed support for this  project. Secretary of Energy Jennifer Granholm recently sent a letter  to FERC endorsing the project.    The Mountain Valley Pipeline is 95 percent complete and would be  finished today if it weren't for the rulings by the Fourth Circuit that  have stayed or vacated multiple approvals granted by Federal and State  environmental regulators. The Fourth Circuit has acted nine times with  respect to the Mountain Valley Pipeline. On eight of those nine  occasions, the court has either stayed or vacated an approval from a  Federal or a State agency.   Only once did the court uphold an approval for this project, and that  was when the court upheld water quality certifications from the State  of Virginia, under section 401 of the Clean Water Act. But, within days  of that opinion, the same Fourth Circuit panel vacated similar 401  water quality certifications from the State of West Virginia.   Because certification from both States is necessary to allow the Army  Corps of Engineers to issue a required 404 permit for the Mountain  Valley Pipeline, vacating certification from one State has had the  effect of continuing to prevent the project from moving forward.   We have become all too familiar with the Fourth Circuit's blocking of  key projects. The same panel that has rejected nearly all of the State  and Federal approvals for the Mountain Valley Pipeline brought before  it took similar actions to vacate State and Federal approvals for the  now canceled Atlantic Coast Pipeline.   Project sponsors for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline appealed one of the  Fourth Circuit's four adverse rulings against that project all the way  to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court reversed the Fourth Circuit in  a 7-to-2 opinion that was written by Justice Thomas and joined not only  by Republican-appointed Justices but also by Justices Ginsburg and  Breyer. Despite winning at the Supreme Court, the Atlantic Coast  Pipeline was canceled amid the threat of continuing litigation and  permitting challenges.   Activists are using the same playbook at the Fourth Circuit to try to  stop the Mountain Valley Pipeline. This is a pipeline that will result  in $40 million in tax revenue and $150 million in royalty payments in  West Virginia annually once it is completed. The project will open  markets to West Virginia's natural gas, providing good-paying jobs not  just in my State, and enhancing our Nation's energy security and our  own national security.   Given the project's benefits and given approvals from State and  Federal regulators across multiple administrations from both parties, I  do not believe that a handful of judges should have the final say.   This legislation will ratify approvals issued under the Biden  administration from the U.S. Forest Service, the Bureau of Land  Management, and the Fish and Wildlife Service, along with approval from  the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. These documents will be  insulated from judicial review to prevent further delays.   Additionally, this bill requires the Army Corps of Engineers to issue  necessary project permits, including that 404 permit I talked about  earlier, within 21 days. Both Virginia and West Virginia environmental  regulators have issued necessary certifications for this permit, but  the Fourth Circuit has delayed further permitting action by vacating  West Virginia's certification.   This legislation makes it crystal clear that Congress expects the  Mountain Valley Pipeline to be completed, consistent with the  previously approved environmental documents.   I have consistently fought for commonsense reforms so that we can  actually ensure that we can build here in America, including key  projects such as the Mountain Valley Pipeline. It is my hope that  permitting reforms--both the provisions that are in this bill and those  that we should consider in the future--will allow projects to be  approved and constructed in an efficient manner that does not require  congressional intervention.  [[Page S1878]]    It also should be pointed out and emphasized that this does not mean  that any environmental regulation that is put forward is ever  shortchanged or overlooked. That is not the point here.   On occasions when the process fails projects of significant regional  and national interest, we have the authority and the responsibility as  elected Representatives to step in and ensure a project is allowed to  proceed.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I rise in opposition to the Senator's  amendment. This Mountain Valley Pipeline is an important  infrastructure. It has been vetted numerous times. It has permitting-- all permits that are from the Virginia Department of Environmental  Quality, the Fish and Wildlife, and the Bureau of Land Management.  These are all permits through both administrations--both the Biden and  Trump administrations--that have already been offered. They are in a  judicial hellhole right now where they can't get out. This is  absolutely essential to the eastern seaboard.   It is jobs and tax revenues in the State of West Virginia, and I  think this is an opportunity for us to cut through this redtape and  move forward with the very essential infrastructure package.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from West Virginia.   