 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Rules  Committee and my friend from Oklahoma for yielding me the time and for  the experiences we have had on Rules in the last year.   Mr. Speaker, for far too long Democrats have run roughshod over the  norms and practices of the people's House, weaponizing our rules to  insulate themselves and protect their allies in the Biden  administration from proper oversight. That ends today.   I thank the chairman, Speaker McCarthy, and our leadership for  spending countless hours putting together this package that better  reflects the historical practices of this institution while receiving  feedback to ensure  [[Page H64]]  the work we do is by the people and for the people. There are numerous  items that I truly believe are vast improvements from the previous 2  years, but I will focus on three.   First and foremost, this package finally ends the ludicrous pandemic  procedures that have done lasting, if not permanent, damage to this  institution. Legislating requires us to see each other eye-to-eye in  order to understand where the other is coming from. Remote proceedings  and a locked-down Capitol have reduced this institution to a computer  screen, and the work product has deteriorated as a result. It is long  past time for us to get back to work.   Second, the rules package finally creates a more transparent process  by which we legislate. As then-Chairman McGovern once said, ``a lousy  process leads to bad legislating.'' Today, through a mandatory 72-hour  rule, we allow more thoughtful and deliberate consideration that will  improve what we pass out of this House.   Finally, this rules package helps restore some fiscal sanity. Over  the past 2 years, the American people have been hindered by out-of- control spending by the government and now our constituents are saddled  with trillions in debt and the highest inflation levels in a  generation.   House Republicans today will once again ensure the Federal budget  operates like any other, requiring offsets for any additional spending  increase, eliminating budget gimmicks, and requiring inflationary  analyses of the bills we consider.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand by my friend and colleague from  Oklahoma in support of this package, and I urge Members to do the same.   