 Madam President, in less than a week, President  Biden will deliver his State of the Union Address to the Nation. In the  buildup to that speech, we are already seeing the President and his  administration spinning a tale about just how wonderful things are in  this country, particularly after they took power and racked up more  than $3 trillion more in spending. Unfortunately, those tall tales do  not reflect the reality for the people in my home State of Mississippi  or across the Nation.   In the 2 years since President Biden took office, we have seen his  administration fail the American people time and time again. Inflation  was 1.4 percent in January of 2021, but the policies the President has  forced on this Nation since then have made daily living unaffordable  for families. Today, a strong majority of Americans--more than 70  percent--believe that the country is on the wrong track, and it is easy  to understand why. Too many workers and families now live paycheck to  paycheck, trying to keep the lights on, put food on the table, get gas  in their cars, and stock up on everyday essentials that they have to  have.   President Biden's inflationary runaway spending is a root cause of  the skyrocketed prices we are paying for all goods and services. Not a  single industry is spared the cost of this inflation. Since Joe Biden  took office, higher prices have cost families an additional $10,000,  and there seems to be no end in sight. Prices have gone up across the  board to 13.5 percent, and grocery costs have jumped 18.6 percent. Just  look at the price of essential staples: Chicken breast prices have gone  up by 33 percent, and ground beef, whole milk, and bread have gone up  by 21 percent.   Unlike President Biden, I actually have to take a trip to the grocery  store to feed my family. I do all of my own shopping, and I see  firsthand how these price increases affect the people of Mississippi.  In the checkout line, I have watched a mother forced to put something  back on the shelf after realizing that she can't afford everything in  her cart. I have seen a retired husband grabbing only the barest  necessities for the week. Up and down the aisle, as I push my buggy,  the conversation is constant on ``Can you believe how much the price of  groceries has increased and how expensive it is?''   It breaks my heart to see the individuals in my community and the  Nation struggling to get by. It shouldn't be this way, but in Joe  Biden's America, you are forced to weigh priorities on buying  groceries, prescription medicine, or putting gas in your car.   When it comes to energy prices, the hardship continues for many  Americans. This pain is 100 percent self-inflicted by the Biden  administration's stubborn refusal to maximize American energy  production. According to census data, about 22 percent of American  households could not pay their energy bill last year. When families  were actually able to pay, they had to sacrifice other necessities,  such as groceries, their medicine, or their gasoline.   This winter isn't bringing any relief either. Compared to last  winter, the average household will spend upwards of 28 percent more to  heat their home with natural gas, according to the Energy Information  Administration. Electricity rates are also expected to continue to rise  due to lower domestic supply of liquefied natural gas as well as labor  shortages and the cost of materials. But this should come as no  surprise since the attack on American energy began on day one of the  Biden Presidency. In fact, this administration's regulatory overreach  also contributes to rising costs across our economy.   Despite record-high prices, Joe Biden wants to further regulate the  agriculture industry. The Food Safety and Inspection Service, for  instance, is studying line speeds of poultry plants with the ultimate  goal of just slowing them down, which will affect costs and supplies in  the grocery stores. In addition, the EPA recently unveiled its new  waters of the United States rule, which will further hamper the ability  of farmers to grow food because the Federal Government will have the  ability to regulate ditches and low spots on private land.   It is a basic fact that it is expensive to comply with overly  burdensome regulations. The Biden administration's desire to  overregulate everything makes it seem as if the President wants  Americans to struggle to afford food.   Madam President, the American people are smart, and they understand  when things aren't going well.   The rosy stories the White House will barrage us with before the  State of the Union Address won't change the fact that the American  dream seems further from attainable for hard-working families because  we just cannot afford Joe Biden.   My colleagues and I want to get our economy back on track to relieve  the financial stress that families are experiencing. We must stop the  irresponsible government spending, unleash  [[Page S188]]  American energy production, cut regulations, and embrace pro-growth  commonsense policies. The American people deserve that.   I yield the floor.   