 Mr. President, AI is really grabbing some headlines,  and over the past few months, Tennesseans have been watching the Senate  as we go about having hearings and deciding how to handle this emerging  technology. This technology has broken boundaries in ways that most  people never imagined would be possible, and they see great potential  in it.   Healthcare companies in Tennessee are already using AI to enhance the  quality of care that doctors can offer their patients. If you have been  in for a doctor's checkup in the past few years, you have probably  noticed that your doctors and nurses are using more digital tools to  help inform their diagnoses and choose which drugs they are going to  prescribe. Most of those tools are powered by AI, as are many of the  apps and gadgets that healthcare providers recommend to their patients  to monitor their health and keep their treatments on track. We have  seen the use of these remote monitoring tools just explode, especially  in rural areas during the pandemic.    We are also seeing AI make a substantial impact on manufacturing. The  largest auto manufacturers in Tennessee are already using this  technology to make our cars safer and more efficient. Many of them are  experimenting with automated driving systems. They are also using it to  make operating a vehicle a little more practical. One that I found  amusing is that Ford used AI to develop a program that would  automatically hook a trailer to a hitch. Now, I know some of our  Members who have farms and ranches probably think you should have that  skill, but I think, for many of us, that would be a practical  application.   So whether we are talking about making things safer, finding which  pharmaceuticals are going to better treat diseases, or making things  more convenient, AI has the potential to completely transform entire  industries. Indeed, innovators are working on those components as we  speak.   It also comes with significant drawbacks, and nowhere are those  problems more pronounced than in Tennessee's music industry. All things  considered, technology has been great for the business side of the  music industry. The increased use of social media by up-and-coming  musicians has allowed record labels to sign artists who have millions  of fans. Platforms like Spotify automatically generate playlists that  promote new music, and all of that music is available instantly via an  app on your cell phone. But the thousands of musicians, songwriters,  and artists who call Tennessee home are really quite worried about the  lack of control they have over how AI platforms exploit their creations  and their intellectual property.   This month, the Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing to examine  the downsides of making technology an essential element of the creative  process. The most obvious problem that we have uncovered in our  discussions with artists and songwriters comes down to a basic question  of copyright infringement.   We know that to create artistic works, AI systems must train on data  scraped from existing artistic works. If you look at how this  technology has advanced, it becomes clear that generative AI is often  trained on popular music that was used without the copyright holder's  permission. One AI model that we reviewed was trained on a staggering  280,000 hours of music. There is not a reasonable person who would ever  suggest that the writers and artists were compensated fairly for that  280,000 hours of use of their products that was used to train AI to  mimic and clone their voices and their words.   Now, the very existence of this tech and what it produces are enough  to draw challenges to spurious claims that data scraping counts as what  is called fair use, but we have even more extreme examples of what AI  can do after training on existing popular music, or music that has been  scraped, in order to train the platform.   Most recently, an anonymous content creator uploaded an AI-generated  song called ``Heart on My Sleeve.'' It was a perfect replication of the  vocals of Drake and The Weeknd. It was so perfect that listeners on  multiple platforms were duped into thinking it was real. The song  gained over 9 million views on social media and hundreds of thousands  of plays on Spotify and YouTube before the platforms took it down. But  because the internet is forever, so is this fake song, and there is  nothing those artists can do about it.   Not only does this raise questions about what ``fair use'' means in  the age of AI, but it also raises serious concerns about our current  State-by-State approach to protecting an individual right of publicity.  Common sense tells us that this isn't right, even if the law is still  catching up with the pace of technology. We have discussed having a  Federal--a Federal--individual right of privacy law.   AI has also affected how fans interact with real music. At least on  streaming platforms, playlists have outpaced platforms as the preferred  listening format. Companies have employed AI-driven playlists to expose  listeners to new artists, with decidedly mixed results.   Martina McBride, who knows a few things about country music, has gone  public about her experience in trying to build a playlist using  Spotify's ``recommender'' system. In a playlist she prompted with the  words ``country music,'' she had to refresh her recommendations 13  times before it delivered a song by a female artist. Country music is  an expansive genre. Yet, somehow, that algorithm spit out 120 songs by  men before managing to include a song by a woman.   We could chalk up this apparent bias to a glitch in evolving tech  were it not for the fact that fans rely almost exclusively on  technology to listen to and discover new music. People expect more  innovation, not less, because that is exactly what Big Tech is selling  them. When they spin one of those customized playlists, they expect to  hear a fair sampling of whatever it is they asked for, but that is  clearly not what these platforms are delivering. This matters to  established artists like Martina, but it matters even more to up-and- coming artists who are forced to rely on these algorithms to gain  exposure to the music-listening public.   Over the past few years, Congress has learned a very important lesson  about the perils of allowing technology to outpace the law.   Over the course of several hearings, we produced evidence of the  unraveling  [[Page S2972]]  of safety and security standards on social media platforms. Senator  Blumenthal and I worked together on this. We heard testimony from  parents, children, and industry experts. We exposed how platforms  prioritize growth over maintaining even the most basic checks on  predatory and dangerous content.   This Congress, we have the opportunity to put guardrails on these  companies through the passage of the Kids Online Safety Act. It is a  strong, bipartisan bill that will make a real difference for children  and their families.   I would like to remind my colleagues that it took us far too long to  engage on this issue. Indeed, when the Acting President pro tempore and  I were in the House, we were leading the way in getting our colleagues  to address these issues.   I think we are at the point that we can say now that this has to be  done. We can't afford to wait and let AI systems be put in place  without having protections for the American people. So, in recent  months, we have held several hearings on this issue. Most recently, we  examined the impact on intellectual property rights. In June, we  fielded several firsthand accounts of how this technology could be  weaponized against basic human rights. Senator Ossoff and I led that  hearing.    We have yet to truly dig into the dangers of allowing China to  outpace us through the use of AI, and I think it is time that we catch  up.   When it comes to tech, we have done our best work when we have  listened to the people and have worked with people who are closest to  the issue. The Kids Online Safety Act came to be because we listened  when parents spoke out about how impossible it was to protect their  children in the virtual space.   Years ago, when the House Energy and Commerce Committee was crafting  what would become the 21st Century Cures Act, I worked with Tennessee's  healthcare innovators to include provisions that made the law more  responsive to the rapid growth of the healthcare technology industry.  We had similar conversations in the runup to the passage of the Music  Modernization Act.   So I would encourage my colleagues to start engaging with us on this  issue before it gets away from us. Listen to what creators and  engineers have to say about AI's effects on their industries.   There is no turning back the clock on AI just as we learned that  there was no turning back the clock on social media and that there was  no turning back the clock on the World Wide Web. AI is here to stay--it  is going to drive innovation--but that doesn't mean we have to accept  innovation at any cost.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following interns in my office be granted floor privileges for the rest  of the Congress: Benjamin Chamberlin and Peter Skehan.   