 Madam President, I am so pleased to come to the floor  today in support of Senator Hagerty's legislation. It is so appropriate  that we take this up, and I look forward to supporting the legislation  as we vote later today and seeing this move to passage, seeing this  become law, and seeing this add to protection for the citizens who live  here in DC.   Over the past few years, our Nation has certainly witnessed a  devastating increase in violent crime. Compared to mid-2019, America's  largest cities have experienced a 50-percent increase in homicides and  a 36-percent increase in aggravated assaults. It is unimaginable that,  given the rise in violence in this country, the elected officials of  the DC City Council think it is a good idea to reduce the amount of  jail time for violent and deadly crimes. This includes carjackings, and  Senator Hagerty referenced one that was taking place in front of the  protesters who were out there because they opposed this bill.   Now, these crimes are rampant here in our Nation's Capital. In fact,  as of this morning, the Metropolitan Police Department tells us that  motor vehicle theft is up more than 100 percent compared to last year.  Homicides are up 33 percent. If you look at the direction those stats  have gone over the past 10 years, it is not encouraging--incidences of  sex abuse up 120 percent, property crime up 30 percent.   You don't have to live in the District to know that something has  taken hold here, and reducing penalties for terrorizing innocent  civilians is not the way to break free. Citizens should not feel unsafe  in their communities, no matter where they live.   Today's vote is about protecting the people from this failed  leadership, but it is also about holding the DC City Council  accountable for prioritizing a cynical political maneuver over the  safety of the very people they represent. This body has made a name for  itself, this DC City Council, this legislative body for the District of  Columbia. They have made a name for themselves because they have  cherry-picked some violations and have chosen to impose some truly  ridiculous restrictions on what District residents can and cannot do.  They don't deserve the benefit of the doubt here.   Right now, the council is ready to retreat, but it would be a  dereliction of our duty as Senators to allow them to do that. That is  why we are supporting Senator Hagerty in his resolution of disapproval  and in his work to stop this foolishness from the DC Council.   We also have a duty to update and improve existing laws to combat  criminals as their tactics evolve.   Earlier this year, I introduced the REPORT Act, which will go a long  way in helping law enforcement tackle child exploitation online. The  past few years of hearings with the Consumer Protection Subcommittee  have made it clear that we need to modernize our child safety laws.   The explosion of social media and the expansion of underage users is  making these children vulnerable to predators, and law enforcement  simply cannot keep up with what is happening online while they are out  trying also to find the burglaries, the robberies, the carjackings.   Once the Senate passes the REPORT Act, online platforms are going to  be required to report all child sexual abuse material found on their  sites to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children's  CyberTipline. Current law makes that step voluntary, but that standard  is not working. We have to change it, and we have to make violating  that new standard really hurt.   The bill significantly increases fines imposed on platforms that  refuse to do this bare minimum. It also requires platforms to report  child sex trafficking and enticement crimes. Current law imposes no  obligation--none, zero--on platforms to report those materials, which  means that most of these crimes are, unfortunately, going undetected.   The last two pieces of the bill will help law enforcement and  advocates work together to bring down predators. It includes my END  Child Exploitation Act, which extends the retention period for  possession of abusive material to 1 year. This will ensure that law  enforcement has enough time to access the evidence held by these  companies and then prosecute the offenders. It also makes it clear that  the vendors working with NCMEC, minors, and parents who report to the  CyberTipline won't be held liable for possessing child sexual abuse  material.   I am so pleased that so many of my colleagues have come to the floor  today to talk about the rise in crime. The backlash against the DC  crime bill highlights the fundamental difference between the left's  priorities and the priorities of the American people. Anybody with a  bit of common sense would look at the DC City Council's proposal and  ask: Why would they even consider sending such a weak-on-crime message?  It is an invitation to criminals to come and carry out their crimes.    It is time for the left to revisit their priorities and start paying  attention to what the crime stats are telling them. The status quo  isn't working, but surrendering to violence, lawlessness, and despair  isn't the answer either.   On the Federal level, my Democratic colleagues need to support  Federal, State, and local law enforcement and demand that this  President nominate experienced judges.   Here in the Senate, we can help by making sure that police  departments are able to hire, train, and equip officers with the tools  that they need to do their job. Last Congress, Senator Hagerty and I  introduced the Restoring Law and Order Act, which would have repurposed  the billions of dollars the Democrats handed to the IRS and used that  money to support law enforcement and eliminate the rape kit backlog.   We can also modernize existing laws that are no longer working. I  welcome my Democratic colleagues to come talk with me about how the  REPORT Act will help catch child predators who are taking advantage of  new technology to find their victims.   I encourage them to join Senator Hagerty and me in restoring law and  order, and I encourage each of them to stand today with Senator  Hagerty, vote for his resolution, and take a stand against the warped  priorities of the DC City Council.   I yield the floor.   