 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to the  remarkable life of a legendary native of Mississippi whose music is  synonymous with the spirit of summertime and enjoying life: Jimmy  Buffett.   Born in Pascagoula, MS, Jimmy Buffett's journey began in the heart of  the South. His music touches the heart of those well beyond Mississippi  or the South, but there is no denying Jimmy's music embodies the very  essence of the South, with its warm hospitality, vibrant culture, and  distinctive charm.   Jimmy's early years were filled with the sights and sounds of  Mississippi. The Sun shining over the Gulf of Mexico and many other  beautiful experiences of the South would later inspire some of his most  beloved songs.   But it was Jimmy's great appetite for adventure that ultimately  propelled him to worldwide fame. He embarked on a journey that would  take him to the Florida Keys, the Caribbean, and beyond those changes  in latitudes. Amid more than 40 musical tours throughout his career, he  churned his talents into a diverse business empire and charitable  works.   As we reflect on the legacy of this son of a son of a sailor, we  cannot help but be inspired by Jimmy Buffett's unyielding commitment to  following his dreams and embracing life. His songs transport us to  sandy beaches, where the stresses of life fade away. He reminds us that  sometimes we all need to kick back, relax, and take a moment to savor  the simple pleasures of life. As Jimmy would put it, ``it's 5 o'clock  somewhere.''   In honoring Jimmy Buffett, we celebrate the man who, through his  music, brought us with him on many of his adventures around the Sun,  from the Pascagoula Run to the shores of paradise, and we are all  better for it.   I have so much gratitude for the joy, laughter, and the inspiration  that Jimmy Buffett brought into so many Americans' lives. His music is  a timeless reminder that no matter where we come from, we can all find  a bit of paradise within ourselves, and, come Monday, it will be all  right.   Jimmy Buffett is a true southern storyteller who was generous enough  to share his piece of paradise with the world. I have no doubt his  legacy will continue to inspire generations to come.   I yield the floor.   