 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to S.J.  Res. 24.   This year, we're celebrating the 50th anniversary of the enactment of  the Endangered Species Act.   This milestone anniversary is very special to me. Not only is  protecting America's imperiled species one of my top priorities, but  it's a value that was shared by my husband.   As an avid outdoorsman, strengthening our Nation's conservation and  environmental policies was a core value of his, which is why he was 1  of the lead authors of the Endangered Species Act 50 years ago.   But instead of celebrating this historic legislation's successes over  the course of the last half century, our colleagues across the aisle  are pushing legislation to worsen the already-dire state of America's  wildlife and attack the Endangered Species Act.   We are in the midst of a biodiversity crisis that's threatening the  future of some of America's most treasured species. A report has  recently found that 49 percent of bird species worldwide have declining  populations, and monarch butterflies have declined 85 percent in 2  decades. This should alarm all of us.   That's why I'm so disappointed with the resolution under  consideration, and further attack the ESA by using the Congressional  Review Act to gut protections for the lesser prairie-chicken and  northern long-eared bat.   I want to take a moment to point out how ridiculous and ill-timed  these resolutions are.   We are all preparing to go home and spend the next 6 weeks working in  our districts. So this week, the last time we will be passing  legislation until September, our colleagues have decided to use these  final moments to push bats and chickens to the brink of extinction  instead of doing anything to actually address our Nation's worsening  biodiversity crisis, like making proactive investments in wildlife to  prevent the need for additional listings in the first place.   In the middle of an expanding heatwave that's directly harming  communities across the Nation, I find inaction on the climate and  biodiversity crisis irresponsible and these resolutions entirely  misguided.   