 Mr. President, I am so glad the Senator from Tennessee  is on the floor with H.J. Res. 26. I want to thank him for being  insightful to know how important this is going to be to this Congress,  to this city, to this country. So I thank the Senator for his steadfast  work on this issue, and I look forward to supporting the resolution. We  are also going to be talking a lot on the floor about this. So I thank  him very much.   I rise today to talk about an issue that I actually came to the floor  on 3 weeks ago and that is just very, very relevant, especially today,  and that is out-of-control crime and a disregard for law and order  that, unfortunately, President Biden has enabled in his own backyard.   Under the Biden administration's soft-on-crime agenda and rhetoric,  Washington, DC, the capital of our beautiful country, has seen a 25- percent increase in crime, a 33-percent increase in homicides, a 121- percent increase in sexual abuse, and a 108-percent increase in motor  vehicle theft--just this year, and we are just starting.   To make matters worse, in the midst of ongoing crime, the DC Council  thought that now was an appropriate time to rewrite the Criminal Code.  Instead of enforcing law and order in light of all of these statistics  and supporting our police officers and making residents and visitors of  the District feel safe, the DC Council found it fitting to lessen the  punishment for violent criminal offenses--hard to believe, isn't it?-- and embolden those who dare to break the law instead of heeding local  calls for increased safety and policing from their residents.   It really doesn't get any more tone-deaf than that. Believe it or  not, when the DC Council originally passed their irresponsible Criminal  Code overall,  [[Page S681]]  Mayor Muriel Bowser vetoed the bill--the Mayor of the city of DC-- claiming that ``this bill does not make us safer.''   She knows. She sees these statistics every single day and talks to  her police officers every single day.   Well, Mayor Bowser, my colleagues and I could not agree with you  more. It is obvious that the DC Council's legislation is the complete  opposite of what is needed to control the out-of-control crime.   Now, I am sure that you have seen that, in the face of an imminent  bipartisan and bicameral rejection of their policy, the DC Council,  then, has attempted to withdraw their Criminal Code revision  legislation. That is a glaring--a glaring--admission by the council  that they knew what they were doing is absolutely wrong.   But do you know what? It is simply too little, too late. Regardless  of this unprecedented and potentially unlawful move, the Senate is  poised to reject the DC Council's sweeping and irresponsible ``Revised  Criminal Code of 2022'' on a bipartisan basis. We certainly saw that in  the House.   This vote, led by my colleague Senator Hagerty of Tennessee, gives  every Member of the U.S. Senate the chance to stand with law and order,  the chance to stand with our law enforcement officers, the chance to  stand with the people of our Nation's Capital, whose calls for safety  have fallen on deaf ears.   You think of all the visitors--springtime, Cherry Blossom Festival-- this is the time everybody is coming to this beautiful, gorgeous city  that we are lucky enough to serve in. Our constituents are here. Many  of us have our families here. We are here. All the staff and folks that  work in and around these buildings every day--in and out of their cars,  in and out of restaurants we hope--getting that revival post-COVID that  we see. And certainly we see many, many more visitors. Our residents  and visitors are living with what could happen. What kind of crimes can  they see?   There are a multitude of additional negative factors that impact the  city when crime runs out of control and leaders are not held  accountable. Often these issues go unseen, but they are just as  impactful: factors like the education of our children, factors like the  health of our residents--our DC residents--and the strength of the  economy.   According to research led by the professors at the University of  Illinois, at Syracuse, and NYU, students face declines in standardized  test scores following exposure to violent crime. What is that doing to  the children of DC? They have to face this every day.   The same decline was observed for students who attend schools that  are perceived to be unsafe or schools that lack a sense of community.  This study suggests that schools with stronger community bonds can  shield students from the negative effects of neighborhood violence and  directly show the disadvantages impacting our young people who are  coming of age in dangerous communities.   When it comes to health, researchers at the University of  Pennsylvania have linked violent crime to negative health outcomes--it  makes sense--finding that decreased violent crime in communities was  significantly associated with a decrease in mortality rates from  cardiovascular disease and coronary artery disease. Community areas  that experienced a similar decline in crime also experienced smaller  improvements in cardiovascular mortality.   The study also noted that the stress created by exposure to violent  crime is tied with a lower intake of healthy foods and higher rates of  substance abuse in a community. These aren't things that I am making  up. These are validated in a study from the University of Pennsylvania.   Further, the study noted that continued exposure to high rates of  violent crime is associated with several additional negative health  factors, like higher body mass index and even elevated blood pressure.   So now let's look at the economics of this in crime. A study by the  Urban Institute found that surges in violent crime, especially gun  violence, reduced the growth of new retail and service businesses. You  see that all over Washington. You see that all over Washington.   It further notes that increases in violent crime slow home value  appreciation and can be associated with fewer jobs and lower home  values. It makes sense. In Washington, DC, this means surging crime  leads to fewer job opportunities, fewer businesses opening, and more  businesses closing. I mean we just saw that at Union Station. I think  the Starbucks pulled out there because of the crime issue.   The economic indicators of violent crimes are obvious. Walmart just  announced it is closing all of its stores in Portland, OR, locations.  The Walmart just over here in DC on H Street has announced that it was  closing as well. The announcements come shortly after Walmart's CEO  warned that stores could close and prices could increase due to,  specifically, rocketing retail crimes affecting stores across the  Nation.   Each of these aspects pile onto the obvious humanitarian effects of  violent crime: the destruction, loss, and sorrow--actually, I think if  you are subject to a violent crime and you manage to live through it,  it doesn't just affect you that day; you carry it with you the rest of  your life--and how each one of these offenses further rips apart the  delicate fabric of our communities.   Residents of our States and cities will not stand for the continuing  devastation. We saw crime play a major part in Chicago's mayoral  election just last week, and it was also a center of debate of the New  York City elections in 2021.   So, Mr. President, I am glad that our Nation's Capital and our  complex are once again open to the public. It is so great to see the  halls filled and the young people coming back, and I have enjoyed  welcoming many West Virginians to Washington today and every day to  talk about the issues they care about. It is important. Questions have  also been raised by many residents about the safety of our streets here  in Washington, DC.   So today's vote to reject the DC Council's Revised Criminal Code Act  of 2022 puts every Member on record. As some of my Republican  colleagues highlighted last night and continue to highlight today, we  intend to stand on the right side of this issue, and we will continue  to heed the calls for increased safety that local officials in  Washington are attempting to ignore or reshape and protect the  communities that we serve.   With that, I yield the floor.   