 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Anna Paulina Luna,  for leading on this very important issue.   Adam Schiff is a complete disgrace to our Nation and to our  Constitution. He put the American people through 4 years of an endless  impeachment hoax that he knew from the beginning was a lie. He  represents the worst of permanent Washington, using his position of  trust to lie to the American people.   He received intelligence briefings that other Members and the public  did not have access to. He used this position of trust to lie and to  advance his own partisan agenda. Schiff's disgraceful time in Congress  has destroyed Americans' faith in our institutions.   Today, I am proud to stand with my colleague and friend from Florida,  Anna Paulina Luna, to try to undo some of the damage that Adam Schiff  has done by finally holding this crook accountable.   Today, we are saying that enough is enough by censuring him and  referring him to the Ethics Committee.   He told the American people that he had proof that the Trump campaign  asked the Russians for help in a conspiracy. That was a lie.    He claimed that he was not working with anonymous informants during  the impeachment hoax. That was a lie.   Everyone with common sense knew that Adam Schiff was lying all along,  including the Director of Intelligence, Obama's former Attorney  General, the FBI deputy director, and more. However, Adam Schiff  doubled down on his big lie claiming he had a smoking gun proof of a  conspiracy, but the only conspiracy going on was his conspiracy to  defraud the American people by taking down their duly elected  President.    When Adam Schiff got caught lying, he did what all  liars do and tried to cover the truth even more. He even used his  taxpayer-funded staff to ask Twitter to censor journalists fact- checking his lies, but Adam Schiff won't get out of this one by calling  in a favor. Today, we are holding him accountable and censuring him for  his lies to the American people.   In order to restore the trustworthiness of the House of  Representatives, every Member should vote to censure Adam Schiff so  that we can speak with one voice to assure the American people that  these lies will not be tolerated.   Mr. Speaker, I urge every one of my colleagues with good and decent  intention to vote for this resolution.   If Adam Schiff has a shred of human decency left, he would resign  from Congress in disgrace. His tombstone should read of his failed  career in Congress and should be one word: liar.   