 Mr. Speaker, this National Police Week is a special one  for me as a new Member of Congress.   I promise to always protect our police officers, just as they protect  our communities back home. Regardless of which side of the aisle you  are on, on that we should all agree.   It is important that the American people see us supporting law  enforcement as we debate a vote on this  [[Page H2364]]  week's police bills and throughout the 118th Congress.   The legislation provided for in this rule are commonsense measures  including: Allowing law enforcement officers to purchase retiring  service weapons, making assaulting a law enforcement officer a  deportable offense, and stating clearly that we appreciate the  dedication of the men and women of law enforcement.   There is no better message than showing our officers, ``We are behind  you.'' I know law enforcement officers in southern Indiana and across  the State who are listening right now and would appreciate it.   I am in awe of the incredible work they do to keep us safe, as they  agree to take the oath to protect and serve, knowing that does not  guarantee them a safe return to their family at the end of the day. I  saw the true weight of this when I visited the National Law Enforcement  Officers Memorial last Thursday. The memorial displayed name after name  after name of those who didn't return home. Too many names.   One of those names of fallen officers was Officer Benton Bertram from  Charlestown, Indiana. To see his name surrounded by so many selfless,  brave heroes puts it in perspective. They didn't run from danger; they  ran toward it.   With unwavering gratitude, we won't forget their sacrifice. This is  just the start of why it is so important we act this week on the House  floor.   As an Indiana State senator, I fought for and secured a pay raise for  our State police officers. Many of them thanked me. I always responded;  it was the least we could do for their service.   Mr. Speaker, I will continue to take advantage of every opportunity  to support the police and all law enforcement officers and will  actively seek out opportunities to work with anyone willing to provide  our officers with the resources and the support they deserve.   Mr. Speaker, my message to the police officers in southern Indiana  is: Know you always have a fighter for you here on the House floor, in  House committee rooms, and here in Congress. God bless our men and  women in blue.   