 Madam President, I am here to join my colleagues  because, across the country, working families are facing an impossible  choice that is created by the lack of access to childcare.   Even before the COVID pandemic, families in my home State of New  Hampshire and elsewhere have struggled to access affordable childcare,  and they were often faced with shortages of available childcare slots.  The pandemic exacerbated these challenges and caused childcare centers  across the Granite State to close. That forced countless families to  scramble for alternatives.   The closure of a childcare provider can result in higher costs for  families, and in New England, we already pay some of the highest costs  for childcare in the country. They can also require parents to leave  the workforce altogether.   Since 2019, New Hampshire has lost nearly 1,500 childcare slots, as  dozens of childcare centers have closed their doors. I have visited  some of those centers from across my State--from Littleton, in the  northern part of New Hampshire, to Rochester, down on the Maine border,  to Manchester, our largest city, and over in the west to Keene. I have  seen those closed classrooms and strained facilities in every corner of  the Granite State.   In October of 2020, New Hampshire had only half of the licensed  capacity necessary to serve children under the age of 6 who needed  care--only half of the required slots for care. And in just one of our  counties, Coos County, which is the northernmost county of the State  and borders Canada, three childcare centers have closed since January  of this year.   Like all of my colleagues on the floor, we worked to deliver more  than $50 billion in Federal funding for childcare during the pandemic.  This is funding that was critical for allowing providers to keep their  doors open, to improve childcare affordability and expand access, to  increase wages for childcare workers, and to build a supply of  childcare in States like New Hampshire. Now, with that relief funding  running out, childcare providers are again facing an existential  crisis.    Congress intentionally designed childcare relief during the pandemic  to accomplish two goals: first, to provide direct relief to providers  to stabilize the sector; and, second, to provide States with the  resources to make long-term investments to try and address childcare  availability.   Now, I am disappointed to say that in my State of New Hampshire, they  delayed the distribution of that long-term funding stream, which made  the last 2 years unnecessarily burdensome for families and childcare  providers across New Hampshire. In fact, I am hearing from providers  who are in desperate need of additional support to avoid closing  classrooms.   So I am really pleased that the President included $16 billion for  support for childcare in his domestic supplemental appropriations  request to Congress, and we need to act as soon as possible to provide  this critical funding.   We have got to act to stabilize not just the childcare industry that  our families and workforce and communities rely on, but this is vital  for our economy as a whole. Right now, the repercussions of the  childcare crisis are being felt across every sector of our economy. I  have heard from every industry in New Hampshire--manufacturing,  healthcare, nonprofits, tourism--that the childcare crisis has  hamstrung their ability to continue to grow their operations.   Over the summer, I traveled up to Coos County, that northernmost  county of New Hampshire. I heard from parents and from one family, and  a man named Michael, whose son's childcare center has recently closed.  At the time of the closure, the nearest center with any open slots for  him and his wife to be able to place their son was more than an hour  away. That left Michael and his wife, like many families across the  State, struggling to do their best to keep their jobs without local,  reliable childcare. And where they live, their community can't afford  for Michael or his wife, who is a critical healthcare worker, to leave  the workforce.   New Hampshire's families should not have to choose between their  children and their jobs, and New Hampshire's businesses should not have  to face additional struggles to find qualified workers.   Families across America are relying on us--all of us here in  Congress--to help childcare providers stay open and to provide  affordable care options. This Federal funding would improve their lives  while boosting our economy by helping parents keep their jobs or return  to work.   I appreciate all of those who are here on the floor today, and  everyone who is supporting additional funding, for speaking out to make  sure that we try and do something as soon as possible to help the  families who are in need.   I yield the floor.   