 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Schools Not  Shelters Act. This bill will protect our student safety and our  schools, ensuring that they are used for learning.   I don't know if anyone has recently looked, but the scores of math  are down. The scores of reading are down. This bill will make sure that  our schools--I will say it again--are used for learning, not to house  illegal aliens crossing our southern border.   The decision of local officials in New York City and elsewhere to  house illegal aliens at school threatens the safety of our students.   We wouldn't need this bill if President Biden did his job and secured  the southern border. See, I am open to talking about immigration  reform, but we must secure our southern border. They are not one and  the same. They are different.   Schools should never let a stranger come into a school without ID. I  know when I go into my daughter's school, I have to show ID.   What is happening now is we are letting illegals into our schools  with no idea who these illegals are. They haven't been vetted at the  border. Background checks haven't been run. We don't know who is coming  into our schools. Could we at least employ the same type of  verification that we do for legal American citizens? I mean, it doesn't  make sense. Schools are not hotels. They are for education.   When declaring New York's status as a sanctuary State, New York  officials should have been a little bit better prepared for the mass  number of migrants in a different manner and not throw the problems on  our children's schools.   I find it funny how they have an opinion on the southern border, but,  yet, when the sanctuary city receives illegal migrants, oh, my  goodness, they are all up in arms. They receive those migrants at a  much lower rate than the border cities.   Democrats are playing politics with people's lives instead of  providing a quality education, and they are more focused on spending  your taxpayer money on illegals and telling your kids what pronouns  they should be. We have a math and reading problem. Perhaps we should  focus our attention on education.   Pass this bill today, protect our children, and keep criminals out of  our schools.   