 Madam President, earlier this year, I visited our  Nation's southern border. My colleagues and I joined several patrols to  see the problems firsthand, and at each of our stops, what we saw was  very, very alarming. Dozens of people sat on the ground at midnight at  the border, waiting to go to a crowded processing center for illegal  immigrants. As we patrolled the Rio Grande Valley, we passed trail  after trail used by illegal migrants to traffic drugs and people into  our country. Meanwhile, we walked past an open, unfinished border wall.  We toured a raided stash house, where a weapon was found, an illegal  immigrant was detained, and a human smuggler was arrested.   These experiences--they just scratch the surface of the chaos  overwhelming our southern border. Our border is a frenzy--a frenzy--of  illegal activity, and because of neglect and inaction from this  administration, this disaster is out of control.   There is a humanitarian crisis at our southern border. There is a  deadly drug crisis at our southern border. Perhaps most critically,  there is a national security crisis at our southern border.   Since President Biden took office, over 8 million migrants have  illegally crossed our southern border. Border Patrol agents have seized  over 51,000 pounds of fentanyl. We have seen an uptick in encounters  with illegal migrants from adversaries like China. That is not even to  mention the 295--294; I don't want to exaggerate because we don't need  to exaggerate on numbers like this--the 294 known terrorists who have  been identified at our border. Hundreds of people on the Terror  Watchlist are flooding our border. To put those numbers in perspective,  Border Patrol agents encountered a grand total of 11 people--11  people--on that list during the 4 years of the last administration.   My Democratic colleagues support security for Taiwan, they support  security for Ukraine, and they support security for Israel, but what  they won't support is basic border security for the United States of  America. Yesterday's classified briefing on the supplemental  underscored how ridiculous this is. The United States is the leader of  the free world. We are supporting the security of our partners and  allies around the globe. Yet we are told by the Biden administration  and my Democratic colleagues that we can't support the security at our  own border? We are told that our own border security is not related to  this national security supplemental? That is absurd, and the American  people know that it is absurd.   Many of my Republican colleagues and I have been willing to  compromise, but we have had it. We have had it with the evasive answers  and the total neglect of our own border.   Border security is not a fringe issue. According to an NBC poll, 53  percent of voters support more military funding for Taiwan, 55 percent  support more funding for Ukraine, and 55 percent support more funding  for Israel, but 74 percent of voters support more funding for our  border security. That is 20 percent more than anything else that voters  support in this supplemental.   My Republican colleagues and I are siding with the American people on  this funding request. Yes, we should address the conflicts raging  around our world. We must stand by our allies and our partners. But we  cannot forget the catastrophic issues that we are seeing on our own  doorstep. We must secure our own Nation before anything else. If this  supplemental funding bill truly aims to protect our national security,  it must address our security from all sides, and the side that is in  the most dire need of support is our battered and chaotic border.   But money alone is not going to repair the border. We must make  commonsense policy changes to address this crisis. Let's tighten our  asylum standards. Let's limit the use of parole to the required, case- by-case basis. Let's close the catch-and-release loophole.   I urge the rest of my colleagues and our President to look at this  border crisis seriously and to respond with urgency--the urgency that  this requires. The security supplemental is the right opportunity to do  so.   Side with the American voters. Side with common sense, and let us  protect our border.   I yield the floor.   