 Madam President, after many discussions with Members on  both sides of the aisle about ensuring a robust amendment process and a  final vote on this strong bipartisan package of appropriations bills, I  am pleased to say we have reached an agreement to finally get voting on  the amendments and passage of this minibus.   I want to thank everyone who has worked with me and the senior  Senator from Maine so we can get this process moving again to show the  American people this place can actually work.   This is so important, especially right now because over the last few  weeks, the American people have seen a lot of chaos and dysfunction in  Congress. It has come at a time when the world needs to see U.S.  leadership is still strong because it is not just the American people  who are watching Congress right now. Our allies are watching. Our  adversaries are watching. We need to show them that we are still able  to work together and solve problems and respond effectively to the  pressing challenges of this moment. And this is an important  opportunity to do just that.   By passing this package, we can continue moving on our appropriations  process and we can show that, by working together in a bipartisan way,  you can actually get things done in a divided Congress. And that is  important because there is a lot we absolutely have to get done. There  is this first package of appropriations bills. There is the rest of our  appropriations bills and the pressing need to address all sorts of  urgent priorities, including supplemental funding to support our allies  in Ukraine, Israel, and Taiwan; to deliver additional disaster relief;  address the worsening childcare crisis; and more. Getting all of this  done is going to require us to put aside our differences and work  together.   By passing this minibus, we can show that Congress is still capable  of doing that, because this spending package is a prime example of what  it looks like when Democrats and Republicans come together and focus on  solving problems and helping people. It follows the bipartisan debt  limit deal. It includes input from members across the country and  across the political spectrum. And the bills in this package passed the  Appropriations Committee unanimously.   In other words, this is a serious bipartisan legislation that can be  signed into law; and it provides crucial resources to care for our  veterans, to fund military construction, to keep our food supply safe,  to support our farmers, keep our travelers safe, invest in  infrastructure, and a lot more.   We should pass this bill, show we can still focus on solutions, find  common ground, and help people, like we were all sent here to do. And  we can get our appropriations process back on track and continue our  return to regular order, which, I know, so many Senators across the  aisle and on this side have asked for.   To every one of my colleagues who has said we need to move away from  massive end-of-year omnibuses, I agree. This is your chance to avoid  one. If we don't get this passed, we are giving up a crucial  opportunity to make sure the Senate has its voice heard on our Nation's  spending priorities and make sure we don't find ourselves at the end of  the year, once again, staring down another omnibus.   Madam President, just a few weeks ago, we were on the brink of a  completely unnecessary government shutdown before cooler heads  prevailed. The lesson from the near-shutdown should be clear: Letting  the loudest voices on the far right push for damaging cuts, extreme  partisan policies, is a road to disaster. Bipartisanship is the only  way to get the job done in a divided government.   Now, we need to remember the lessons as we continue working to pass  our full appropriations bills; support our allies in Ukraine, Israel,  and the Indo-Pacific region; shore up our disaster relief funds; and  address the childcare crisis; and more. So let's send a message that  Congress can actually work and that we can actually work together.  Let's get things on track so we can avoid an omnibus and address the  urgent challenges we face.   The American people are watching. The world is watching. And let's be  clear: Our adversaries are cheering for dysfunction. Let's show them  unity. Let's show them the strength of our democracy. Let's get this  done and then let's work together and get absolutely vital aid to our  allies.   I yield the floor.   