 Mr. President, when it comes to the economy, we hear a  lot of statistics. Since President Biden took office and put his  Bidenomics plan into action, prices have risen by 17.37 percent. Rent  is up by 17 percent, grocery prices by 25 percent, and energy costs by  43 percent. Gas prices have risen by an unbelievable 65 percent.   As alarming as those percentages are, I am most concerned about the  individuals who are hurting because of these increases. That is why I  was struck by new numbers I saw last week from the Census Bureau.  Bidenomics is making life harder for children in Nebraska.   The number of children living in poverty in my home State increased  by almost 5,000 from 2021 to 2022--5,000 more kids living in poverty.  That is thousands more families who are living below the poverty line,  thousands of families who are struggling to pay bills, to buy food, to  afford a place to sleep. Some of these 5,000 children are from families  who cannot afford any of these things. They are going hungry. They are  couch surfing--or worse. That is Bidenomics in Nebraska.   Bidenomics is making life harder for the more rural parts of  Nebraska. Soaring prices caused by inflation are especially affecting  those areas in my State. They are especially affecting kids in more  rural areas. According to an analysis by an Omaha nonprofit, from 2021  to 2022, there was a 25-percent increase in the number of kids below  the poverty line who are located in nonmetro areas of Nebraska. A  quarter more kids living outside urban areas come from families that  are barely getting by.   Some of these children live in sparsely populated areas where it can  really take hours to get to the grocery store, the pharmacy, or to a  hospital. When gas is 65 percent more expensive and groceries will  break the bank, families are going to struggle with those long trips.  They are in dire need of resources. But inflation is ripping away their  ability to access those resources. That is Bidenomics in Nebraska.   Bidenomics is making life harder for anyone who pays rent, mortgage,  or utilities in Nebraska. The most basic of necessities--affording a  place to live--is now a huge financial strain. Close to half of the  renters in Nebraska are spending more than 30 percent of their income  on housing. Almost 20,000 more renting households are considered  ``financially burdened.'' That is 20,000 more in just 1 year. That is  Bidenomics in Nebraska.   Bidenomics is making life harder for businesses and their employees.  As rent encroaches on a larger percentage of people's incomes, the  incomes themselves are getting smaller. Nebraska's median income  declined by 3.6 percent in 2022. Businesses can't pay their employees  as much when all of their money is being spent on rising utility and  rent prices. Rising inflation means higher costs, lower salaries, and a  harder time earning a living. That is Bidenomics in Nebraska.   Mr. President, I am thankful that my home State of Nebraska has many  nonprofits that are ready to help those who are struggling from  inflation. These organizations make a real difference in people's  lives, and they are part of a rich tradition of charity in my State.  Charities can do good work to minimize damage, but they cannot do  surgery on an injured economy. The only way to stitch our economy back  up is to get rid of this administration's suffocating regulations once  and for all. The Biden administration must hear. It is time for a new  approach to the economy.   So how do we heal the economy? We roll back the regulations that are  still poisoning it, including those from the ironically named Inflation  Reduction Act. We unleash American energy, which will lower the gas  prices that  [[Page S4577]]  have climbed by 65 percent. We can heal our economy by turning the page  on Bidenomics and adopting a new economic strategy, one focused on  getting rid of wasteful policies and bringing down costs for everyday  Americans.   Nebraskans are experiencing Bidenomics. The American people are  experiencing Bidenomics. Bidenomics is an economic plan that inflates  prices, hurts real families, real children, real businesses, and real  employees. The American people don't want to experience Bidenomics  anymore.   I yield the floor.   