 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 1615. The Gas Stove Protection  and Freedom Act is led by my friend Congressman Kelly Armstrong from  North Dakota. It has bipartisan support here in the House, and it is a  companion to Senators Cruz' and Manchin's bipartisan legislation in the  Senate.   It will stop efforts by the Consumer Product Safety Commission that  could result in an outright ban or substantial price increase in the  cost of gas stoves while also allowing the Commission to  [[Page H2846]]  continue its important safety work for these appliances.   Commissioner Trumka suggested that the CPSC should consider a ban on  gas stoves. He said, everything is on the table.   As FOX News reported last week, his efforts go back even further than  previously reported and include the Biden administration coordinating  last summer with an environmental activist on the legal rationale to  ban stoves.   To justify a ban, Mr. Trumka has also cited a study by Rocky Mountain  Institute, which has partnered with the Chinese Government and is  pushing America away from reliable and affordable energy. We must stop  this agenda and make sure people have access to affordable appliances  like gas stoves.   We aren't alone in raising the alarm that this effort to ban stoves  goes too far. In fact, in California, a celebrity chef was recently  given an exemption by local Democrats so he wouldn't have to comply  with Palo Alto's natural gas stove ban in his new restaurant.   Surely, we can all agree today to allow every hardworking person in  this country, regardless of their income or celebrity status, to have  the same freedom to decide for themselves what stove is in their  kitchen.   Again, H.R. 1615 allows the CPSC to continue their important safety  work, but it stops the administration from implementing a political  agenda, completely divorced from reality, to ban an appliance that is  preferred by 40 percent of American households.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman Armstrong for his leadership, and I  urge strong bipartisan support on H.R. 1615.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 1640. The Save Our Gas Stoves Act is a bipartisan bill that was  introduced by Energy and Commerce Committee member Debbie Lesko, and it  will stop the Department of Energy from finalizing its plans to ban the  majority of natural gas-fueled cooking stoves on the market today.   H.R. 1640 was considered through regular order in committee, where it  received hearings and markups and was favorably reported with a strong  bipartisan vote.   Congress must intervene to stop the war that President Biden and  Democrats are waging on reliable, affordable energy and the choices  people make to provide for their families.   On day one in office, President Biden canceled the Keystone XL  pipeline, imposed a moratorium on fossil energy development on Federal  lands, and directed agencies across the Federal Government to issue  punitive regulations and delay permits for energy projects. This agenda  is raising costs across the board and making life more difficult for  hardworking Americans across this country.   Now the Biden administration is coming for their appliances, like  natural gas stoves. H.R. 1640 will stop the Department of Energy from  finalizing the terribly misguided and legally vulnerable proposal to  ban gas stoves.    H.R. 1640 is necessary because the administration doesn't have any  regard for the will of the American people, or the laws passed by  Congress.   Despite a statement from the White House that ``the President does  not support banning gas stoves,'' the Department of Energy and radical  environmental activists are abusing an obscure law called the Energy  Policy and Conservation Act to mandate a backdoor regulatory ban on gas  stoves.   They are pursuing this agenda to control the home appliance market  despite DOE's own evidence that its proposed standard would pull more  than half the gas stoves off the market and save people $1.08 over the  life of the product.   This is completely out of touch. One dollar of savings over the life  of the product is not worth the up-front expense of ripping out gas  lines and installing new electrical service. One dollar of savings does  not bring peace of  [[Page H2860]]  mind if you need to heat your water or feed your family during an  electricity blackout. One dollar of savings means nothing when people  are paying record prices to buy food and fill up their gas tanks.   The American people are strongly opposed to regulations to ban  natural gas appliances. In fact, we recently polled the citizens in my  district as to whether they support a ban on natural gas stoves in  their homes. An overwhelming 87 percent of them responded ``no.'' H.R.  1640 addresses their concerns and their freedom to choose an affordable  stove that is right for them.   Therefore, Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting  H.R. 1640 and look forward to working with the Senate to send this  bipartisan bill to the President's desk.   