 Madam President, I know that we are all watching what  is happening with Israel and then also looking at how that affects our  national security. And in doing this, one of the things we have paid  attention to is what is happening at our southern border.   As you look at the numbers there, it really is quite frightening to  see how people from all across the globe are coming to our southern  border. Indeed, last year, we had individuals from 176 different  countries that came to our southern border. Among this number, there  were hundreds of gang members, there were thousands of convicted  criminals, and there were individuals of interest--names of interest-- that our Border Patrol watched, and, indeed, there were people on the  Terrorist Watchlist.   Last year, in 2023--that is, our fiscal 2023--there were 151  apprehensions of individuals on the Terrorist Watchlist. Now, this  number is really quite a dramatic increase. In 2022, there were 98  individuals on the Terrorist Watchlist who were apprehended at the  southern border. In 2021, there were 15. And in 2019, there were zero-- not a one.   Now, as you look at these numbers and as you look at what is  happening here, it is natural to think: What has caused this uptick in  terrorists that are coming to our border? If you are going to be honest  about these numbers, what you would have to do is say: OK, what has  changed from 2019 to 2021 and 2022 and 2023? And in a sane world--which  maybe this is not a sane world right now--it would lead you to look at  this administration's border policies: the ease with which people can  come to the border, raise their hands, and claim asylum; the way the  cartels have expanded around the globe as global businesses, indeed,  moving human trafficking from having been a $500 million-a-year  business in 2019 to today, this year, $150 billion--``billion'' with a  B. Those are the numbers that we are dealing with.   And for terrorists who want to get in this country--and I would say  it is not a stretch to think they are coming here to do us harm--maybe  they are saying: It is the easiest way. You can claim asylum. You can  grab a child and say you are bringing your child to America for a  better life.   But the numbers are not my numbers. They are not Republican numbers.  They are not Senate numbers. These are the numbers that come from the  Department of Homeland Security. This is what they have logged.   Now, the other thing that we have to look at is that in fiscal year  2022, DHS reported that 2.4 million individuals tried to force their  way across the southern border. And, indeed, we have to say that. And,  in that, we also have an additional 600,000 ``got-aways.'' Those are  the ones who can be seen on surveillance but they can't get to.   Those are pretty hefty numbers, and those are the 2022 numbers. In  2023, the numbers are even above that. It is impossible to control an  influx of this magnitude, which means it is also impossible for us to  control the collective threat that this poses to our country. Because,  in those ``got-aways,'' how many are terrorists? How many are gang  members? How many are drug traffickers? How many are sex traffickers?  How many of those ``got-aways'' are coming to inflict harm on our  cities, our towns, our communities, and our citizens?   Now, what has concerned me and what concerns so many Tennesseans--and  I hear it regularly--last night, I did a cell phone townhall, which I  enjoy doing and hearing firsthand from Tennesseans, spending an hour  taking questions, answering their questions. And what really bothers so  many of them is our President and his administration's unwillingness to  acknowledge the very existence of the threats that that open border  brings to us. It jeopardizes our safety and our security and, I would  say, even the security of our allies.   We have got a lot of adversaries in this world. We all know that.  When you look at Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, we know we have got  adversaries. You look at what is happening with Hamas in Israel, in  those horrific attacks there. And we can say our adversaries may be  sadistic, but they are not stupid. They know the border is open.   They know that we are practicing--this administration is practicing-- a foreign policy of appeasement. And maybe that is the reason that even  this month what you saw was 2,000 Chinese, 100 Russians, 35 Pakistanis,  and 30 Iranians coming to our southern border; coming in the country  illegally; coming, saying they are claiming asylum.   Does this make us safer? No, it doesn't, when you do not know who is  coming into this country and their intent.   Now, Hamas has noted the confusion in our foreign policy and the lack  of clarity. They saw it when President Biden withdrew troops from the  [[Page S5076]]  CENTCOM area. They saw it. So what we did when we withdrew those troops  was, effectively, to leave Israel surrounded by their worst enemies.   They have also noted Biden's record of appeasing hostile regimes.  When Biden chose not to enforce--and this is important to note--this  administration, this National Security Director, this President chose  not to enforce oil sanctions against Iran. They did this knowing this  would end up benefiting Hamas, Hezbollah, and the terrorist groups that  are the proxies for Iran.   The President also knew that $6 billion in a ransom payment would  free up even more money for terrorist groups, more money for Hamas,  more money for Hezbollah. That is the hallmark of this administration:  looking the other way, appeasing Iran, and doing it at cost to the  American people. Since 2021, President Biden has funneled $730 million  to the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees.   Now, this agency, which has been around for decades, what they have  become is a ferociously anti-Semitic organization that has a long  history of employing people that--guess what--they are associated with  Hamas. And Hamas has a history of stealing money from this agency and  using the agency's facilities to store weapons.   Now, does that sound like humanitarian aid? Does that sound like  money going to the purpose for which it was given? Of course not. And  that is why, in 2018, President Trump halted the funding to the U.N.  Relief and Works Agency for Palestinian Refugees.   Well, President Biden comes in and guess what he does. He turned that  spigot back on, running wide open, even though he knew it was pretty  much as good as writing a check to Hamas, a terrorist organization.  And, by the way, we declared and recognized Hamas as a terrorist  organization. We as a country did this in 1997.   So, you know, there are things we can do. And I have introduced  legislation to halt funding to the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for  Palestine Refugees until Iran is expelled from the U.N. and until we  investigate their crimes--what they are doing with this money, how it  leads to death and destruction--because they are giving it to these  terrorist organizations.   Iran gives Hamas about $100 million a year--$100 million. They also  provide them with the weapons and armor and ammo and with supplies and  training. We also know that Hamas has grabbed aid this week for State  kits, medical supplies, food. It is not going to the people, the  Palestinians; it is going to Hamas for their efforts.   Now, in the first 2 weeks of fiscal year 2024, Border Patrol captured  30 Iranians, as I said a few minutes ago. Now, they were trying to come  across the southern border; two of them, Terrorist Watchlist. Now, this  is this month. This is in the last couple of weeks. And we have gotten  reports of at least two more Iranians on that Terrorist Watchlist that  have tried to come in.   So since last Monday alone--Monday a week ago--we have had 19  Iranians and 17 Syrians that tried to sneak into this country over the  southern border.   So I would just ask my colleagues, my Democratic colleagues: Why do  you think the terrorists--why do you think these people feel so  emboldened? Whether it is the Iranians, the Pakistanis, the Russians,  the Chinese, why are they flooding to our border to gain illegal entry  into our country to evade our immigration laws, to fly under the cloak  of darkness and get in here on U.S. soil? Why are they emboldened? Does  this not worry you? Does this not cause you to say it is an imperative  that we secure this border?   You know, right now, as we have looked at what is happening around  the globe and, specifically, as we look at what has happened in Israel,  you have got 1,400 Israelis who are dead; you have got 31 Americans who  are dead; you have got individuals from dozens of other countries  around the globe who are dead, who are injured, who have been taken  hostage and have faced a horrific circumstance. We cannot let this  pattern of neglect continue in our country. We cannot continue to make  our Nation and our citizens vulnerable. We cannot let attacks happen on  our soil. It is time that we close that southern border.   I yield the floor.   