 Mr. President, ever since Republicans succeeded in  overturning Roe v. Wade and ripping abortion rights away from millions  of women, they have been trying to hide how extreme their positions on  abortion are and how devastating the fallout has been for families.   Even as each new day brings another horror driven by Republican  extremists, like the dystopian bill put forward in South Carolina which  proposed the death penalty for women who get an abortion, one of my  colleagues even recently said that as President, he would ``literally  sign the most conservative pro-life legislation.''   Let's not forget the terrifying lawsuit in Texas that is hanging over  the entire country, where Republican extremists want to overrule the  FDA's experts, undermine its authority to review and approve all manner  of drugs, from chemotherapy to insulin, and take the abortion pill  mifepristone away from patients all across the country, even in States  like mine where abortion is still legal and even though we have 20  years of data showing this drug is safe and effective.   Yet, when the district judge issued a dangerous ruling that would rip  this drug off the shelf, 69 congressional Republicans filed a brief  calling for that ruling to go into effect and deny women in every  single State access to this FDA-approved medication. The Supreme Court  has stayed the decision for the time being, but this threat to women's  ability to get this drug is as real as ever, and now 147 congressional  Republicans--many Republicans who are in leadership, Republicans with  oversight authority over the FDA--have filed a brief opposing our  efforts to protect access to mifepristone and protect the FDA's  authority.   And this extreme lawsuit is far from the only dangerous anti-abortion  policy some congressional Republicans are pushing, as is the bill we  are about to vote on today.   It has been incredibly infuriating for women to be told by  Republicans that we are overreacting, fearmongering, even as we are  being told by patients and providers about the nightmares they are now  living in, about the impossible decisions they have had to make, and  about the decisions--the deeply personal decisions--they have not been  allowed to make that Republican politicians are, instead, now making  for them.   It strains belief that Republicans actually think victims of rape or  incest are not being affected by their policies and that women whose  health--whose very lives--are in danger are not facing any barriers or  are being denied the care they need, especially when we see news  stories reported every day showing that that is not the case--stories  that show women are being put in horrific, unthinkable situations,  forced to travel absurd distances for care after they are raped, forced  to wait and bleed and get sicker and sicker before they can get the  care they desperately need.   But even if Republicans are ignoring the devastation State abortion  bans are causing and are ignoring women who are speaking out every  single day, what we are talking about today in this Senate is a bill  congressional Republicans wrote themselves. It really puts an end, once  and for all, to some Republicans' empty claims that they are being  moderate in any way here. Victims of rape or women with medical  complications are not being heard, because this bill, which Republicans  wrote, which Republicans are coming to the floor advocating for, would  cut veterans and their families off from care when their lives are in  danger and would cut them off from care after rape or incest.   Make no mistake, that is what this debate is about today. That is  what they are voting for. In arguing for this bill, they are also  showing they know full well how extreme State bans actually are. After  all, they cannot pretend that, on the one hand, State abortion bans  have meaningful exemptions for women with life-threatening  complications and for people who have been raped, including children,  while also arguing, on the other hand, that this proposal defies State  laws to allow the VA to provide care in those heartbreaking situations.  Those arguments contradict each other. More importantly, those claims  contradict the real, heartbreaking stories we are already hearing from  women and doctors about how these bans are putting lives at risk.   Extreme abortion bans are causing healthcare crises all across the  country, along with so many personal crises for families in facing  incredibly difficult situations, which is why the VA care rule that  President Biden put forward is so important and why the Democrats are  standing so firm to keep it intact. Despite the rhetoric from my  Republican colleagues, this rule that they are trying to overturn is a  meaningful, modest step to protect our veterans. It simply allows the  VA to provide abortion care to make sure that none of our veterans or  their eligible dependents go without medical treatment when their lives  are in danger or are forced to stay pregnant after rape or incest.    That is it. That is what Republicans are so upset about. They are  upset that this administration has taken action to make sure women who  have served our country in uniform can get the basic reproductive care  they need when  [[Page S1237]]  their health is at risk or in cases of rape or incest. Those veterans  fought to protect our rights, and now Republicans want to roll back  theirs. These veterans put their lives on the line for us, and now  Republicans who support this resolution want to tell them that when  their lives are in danger, tough luck. Politics comes first. No one--no  one--deserves that.   So I urge all of my colleagues to stand with our veterans, to stand  with their families, and vote against this unthinkably cruel bill that  seeks to force women veterans to stay pregnant even when their lives  are at risk, even after rape or incest.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senators Tuberville and  Schumer be permitted to complete their remarks prior to the rollcall  vote.   