 Mr. President, I rise today to once again call  attention to the crisis at our southern border--the very crisis the  Biden administration refuses to acknowledge and in not doing so, fails  the American people.   It is a simple fact: There is no national security without border  security; and everyone knows our border is anything but secure. We have  the numbers to back it up.   For starters, more than 8.2 million illegal immigrants have crossed  the border since Biden took office. To kick off fiscal year 2024, there  were over 240,000 illegal immigrant encounters in October, the highest  monthly total ever recorded. This comes after a record-setting fiscal  year 2023, which saw more than 2.4 million encounters. Of the 2.4  million, at least 169 individuals are on the Terror Watchlist. But what  is really frightening is that these numbers only reflect the known  encounters and doesn't even include all of those who evaded law  enforcement--the ``got-aways.'' Border officials estimate that there  were 1.7 million ``got-aways,'' any number of which could be on the  Terror Watchlist living in our country with who knows what intentions.   Even with all of this information available, the administration  continues to break all the wrong records. In the last several weeks,  daily records have been smashed time and again with known daily  encounters ranging from 10,000 to 12,000. For context, President  Obama's DHS Secretary said that 1,000 a day ``overwhelms the system.''   We have heard from officials such as FBI Director Wray expressing his  concern regarding the ability of terrorist organizations to exploit any  port of entry, including our southwestern border. Warnings such as  these should not be ignored, and yet it appears this administration  will continue to do exactly that.   But encounters are only part of the ongoing crisis. In October, over  1,300 pounds of fentanyl and over 9,500 pounds of meth were seized--and  that is only what was seized. Estimates show that this is only 5 to 10  percent of the illicit drugs coming across the border. These drugs  continue to run rampant in our communities at a devastating cost,  including in my rural State of Mississippi.   The CDC says overdose deaths are up from last year, meaning more and  more families and communities are being broken apart by the circulation  of dangerous drug smugglers across the border. And even worse than the  drugs being smuggled across the border are the humans the cartels are  smuggling.   I have spoken before about my trip to the border--the one earlier  this year--and the horrific stories of girls, 12- to 16-years old,  being smuggled against their will, has stayed with me. The human  trafficking industry has grown in the last several years to a $13  billion industry. And this will only continue to grow if the border  continues to be an access point for traffickers.   I do not blame the brave men and women working to do their best to  help patrol the border. I blame solely--all of this--on the Biden  administration and Democrats for their unwillingness to work in a  serious manner to help secure the border and keep criminals and drugs  out of our communities. Border Patrol agents are not given the  resources they need to stop the never-ending onslaught of migrants,  drugs, and traffickers. Even the border security's provision in the  President's emergency supplemental request amount is just more money to  process illegal immigrants with no real policy or enforcement reforms.   I am hearing from law enforcement back home in Mississippi and how  the crisis is affecting my State. As many have said, today, every State  is a border State because of this crisis.   On January 18, 2023, a Mississippi Highway Patrol trooper made a  routine traffic stop. In the vehicle was an illegal immigrant driving  without a license and an additional three illegal adult males and one  7-year-old migrant child. After Homeland Security Investigations was  contacted, the driver attempted to flee on foot and was captured. The  HSI determined the child was not related to anyone in the vehicle.  Charges are pending on the driver and HSI is attempting to identify the  child and reunite him with family.    In another incident on October 9, 2023, a Mississippi Highway Patrol  trooper identified another illegal immigrant driving on I-10 in Jackson  County with no ID. A passenger, also an illegal immigrant, revealed  that they were on their way to Houston, TX, to pick up another man, a  woman, and three or four children. After a legal search of the vehicle,  items consistent with human trafficking were discovered. A Border  Patrol agent was notified, and, turns out, the driver was a repeat  offender, illegally reentering the United States after deportation.   If I am hearing from law enforcement in my State, I know that my  colleagues are too.   I applaud the efforts of the Mississippi Highway Patrol and the U.S.  Border Patrol for taking action, but the fact remains that if the  resources were already at the border, this would have never happened.   Senate Republicans have shown Americans time and time again that we  are ready to take steps to stop the growing threat at the southern  border. Unfortunately, our Democratic colleagues will not take action  with us, appearing afraid to anger their radical base.   Giving our Border Patrol agents the means to do their job is not  radical. Fortifying our border by ending catch-and-release, closing  asylum loopholes, finishing the wall, and supporting law enforcement  officers is key to our national security. And we owe our citizens no  less.   I, along with my Republican colleagues, will continue to work toward  solutions; and I invite Senate Democrats and the administration to join  us so we can finally secure our borders and keep the American people  safe and alleviate the Biden-caused humanitarian crisis at the border.   I yield the floor.   