 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this past Sunday marked the 20-year  anniversary of the war in Iraq. I could not be prouder of our  servicemembers who bravely have served our Nation overseas. I am deeply  grateful for their service and their sacrifice, and I am committed to  making sure we live up to our obligations to each and every one of  them.   As I have said many times, this is a war I never thought we should  have started, and it is one we clearly should have ended long ago.   I come to the floor today to urge my colleagues to commemorate the  anniversary of this war by officially ending this badly outdated war  authorization at long last. I urge them to join me in taking the long- overdue step of reasserting Congress's authority in decisions about war  and peace by voting to repeal the 1991 and 2002 authorizations for use  of military force because when we send people to war, it should be a  decision, not a status quo.   The decision about whether or not to go to war and put the  servicemembers' lives at risk is the most serious and most  consequential issue we can debate here in the U.S. Senate. American  lives, American security, and America's future are all at stake when  our country decides questions of war and peace.   When we first deliberated on whether to take action in Iraq, I wanted  to know with absolute confidence we had done our due diligence before  moving forward with the weighty decision to send our men and women into  a dangerous conflict. That is why all those years ago I came to the  floor to debate the very resolution that gave President Bush the  authority he wanted to wage war in Iraq. I wanted to know what our  goals were, what our plan was, what a victory and an exit strategy  looked like, and what evidence we had that this was necessary.   I will tell you, after hearing all the sides on whether to engage our  military, one thing I still was not hearing was clear answers. I  determined I could not support sending our men and women into harm's  way on an ill-defined mission--a mission which ultimately cost us  dearly in lives most importantly but also in dollars and in our  standing around the world.   Twenty years later, the mission in Iraq is over. Our troops have  returned home, and Iraq's Government has evolved into a diplomatic  partner. But those outdated legal authorizations remain on the books,  leaving an open-ended basis for Presidents to misuse our military power  for political gain.   We have already seen how leaders can use them as a free pass to  recklessly push for the misuse of military force. Just 3 years ago,  without consulting Congress, former President Trump ordered missile  strikes in Iraq against an Iranian military leader, which, among many  things, jeopardized our relationships with key allies, risked the  safety of U.S. servicemembers and civilians, and brought us perilously  close to war. That is not how this should work. That is not how the  Constitution says it should work. Our servicemembers deserve better  than that.   When and whether to engage in war is a choice that explicitly belongs  to Congress and to the American people. If we don't assert that power,  we risk leaving behind a dangerous precedent for the future. That is  why I am voting to repeal these authorizations. Taking this step will  make sure we are doing our part here in Congress to give questions of  war the full consideration they deserve and make sure we are exhausting  every diplomatic avenue before jumping into a full-blown war effort and  putting servicemembers in harm's way. I saw the scars, physical and  mental, that veterans like my dad took home from World War II, that  veterans like my peers took home from Vietnam, and that veterans today  have taken home from Iraq.   This is one of the most important votes we can make, so let's act  like it. Let's ensure every decision made to authorize the use of  military force is responsible, is appropriate, and is constitutional.   I hope that by repealing these outdated AUMFs, we will return to a  place where Congress and, by extension, the American people can have a  serious debate and ultimately decide whether or not we go to war. It is  long past time for Congress to reassert its authority and oversight  responsibility here.   I urge my colleagues to join me and Senators Kaine and Young in  getting this done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   