 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to start today by thanking Senator  Collins once again for her partnership in putting together the package  that we are now considering. I am very pleased she was able to join me  on the floor yesterday as we both spoke about the effort that has gone  into getting this bill off the ground.   At risk of repeating myself, I would like to speak again about how we  crafted the bills before us and urge all of my colleagues to join us to  debate and advance this package.   Today, we are doing something that many Senators have been calling  for, for quite some time, something Senator Collins and I have been  hearing about from our colleagues since the moment we took over the  leadership of the Appropriations Committee. We are keeping our foot on  the gas as we continue returning the appropriations process to regular  order for the first time in years.   Last night, we began the process to allow the Senate to consider a  legislative package of three strongly bipartisan funding bills.   Let me just say this again: Getting to this point was no easy feat.   I am grateful to my partner on the Appropriations Committee, Vice  Chair Collins, for working with me to make this happen and to all of  our Members, especially the subcommittee chairs, who worked on the  bills in the package before us today. Senator Collins and I knew from  the start, if we wanted this to work, we had to write serious  bipartisan funding bills that can actually be signed into law.   As I said yesterday, that meant a few things. First of all, we are  going to have to abide by the topline numbers that were set in the debt  limit deal, and I shared my personal concerns about that limit before.  They have meant some tough choices because that was agreed on by the  House and the Senate for all of us in these bills. But President Biden  and Speaker McCarthy shook hands. They shook hands, and we passed this  deal in Congress in a bipartisan way.   The reality is, we can't produce serious bills if we start by  throwing that bipartisan framework out the window. So we didn't do  that. We worked within the framework, and I pushed at every stage of  the process with my colleagues to make sure we produced the strongest  possible bills under those circumstances because we simply have to move  forward, not back.   Secondly, we understood that we were going to have to work together  to find common ground, including on some very tough and thorny issues,  and compromise where necessary to produce spending bills that can make  it through both Chambers and to the President's desk. That meant  avoiding poison pills that could sink these bills.   Third, we understood it was important that we give each and every one  of our colleagues the chance to weigh in on these bills and the  American public the chance to see us work on them. So we held over 40  hearings this spring to assess our Nation's needs for the year ahead.  We sought input from all of our colleagues, including requests for  congressionally directed spending so Members could advocate for project  they know are crucial for their States. Then we held markups with  debate and amendments from Members on both sides, and we actually  televised the markups for the first time ever so people could follow  this debate from home.   The result is that we passed all 12 of our funding bills out of  committee for the first time in 5 years, and we did it with  overwhelming bipartisan support. In fact, all three of the bills that  are included in the package we are now considering passed the committee  unanimously.   As I detailed in my remarks yesterday, these bills provide essential  investments for programs that all of our communities rely on. The  MILCON-VA bill provides funding to shore up our military installations  and improve quality of life for our servicemembers and to make sure  that we live up to our obligation to get our veterans the care they  need.   The Ag-FDA bill funds programs that are critical to making sure our  food supply is safe and secure, getting families the support they need  to put dinner on the table, and helping our farmers to stay ahead of  global competition.   And the T-HUD bill, the third one, provides crucial investments to  help keep people living in their homes, not on the streets, and to make  sure we can get people and goods quickly and safely where they need to  go.   I look forward to saying more about these bills and how these  investments are crucial to supporting our families and growing our  economy and securing our future as we continue to debate this package.   Just as importantly, I look forward to hearing from all of our  colleagues during this time, as well. I hope that everyone will come to  the floor to talk about these bills, what they will mean for your  State, for your constituents, and what your priorities here are. And I  invite all of our colleagues to talk to me and to talk to Senator  Collins if you have amendments and ideas for how we can make these  bills better, because Senator Collins and I are working now to clear a  managers' package and set up votes.   Our staffs are still working hard on this, and we are happy to work  with your teams--all of your teams--so we can pass the strongest bill  possible. We have been working closely together from day one to run an  open bipartisan process, to get input from all of our colleagues, and  to make sure that everyone can make their constituents' voices heard.   We know our work is not done yet, but we are committed to showing the  American people that this place can actually work, that Members with  different viewpoints can actually come together in a timely,  responsible way to get our communities the resources they need and to  help people and solve problems, which is why so many of us got into  politics in the first place.   The American people are watching. Let's show them we are listening.  Let's pass this package and continue to get our job here done.   This summer, we produced a bipartisan roadmap to fund the government  with serious bills that can actually be signed into law. I am glad  that, here in the Senate, we are moving right ahead with several of  these bills now. I urge our colleagues to work with us to get this  done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 2795, introduced earlier  today by Senators Tester and Moran.    Madam President, I ask that the bill be considered read  a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 341, submitted earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to  and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table  with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it stand adjourned until 10 a.m.  on Thursday, September 14; that following the prayer and pledge, the  Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the morning hour be deemed  expired, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed; that upon the conclusion of  morning business, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to  proceed to Calendar No. 198, H.R. 4366, postcloture; further, that all  time be considered expired at 10:30 a.m.    Madam President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the previous  order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:57 p.m., adjourned until  Thursday, September 14, 2023, at 10 a.m.   