 Mr. President, for almost 3 years now, the American  people have watched the Biden administration and their Democratic  allies in Congress burn through trillions of dollars of their hard- earned money.   Early on in the administration, when one of their radical proposals  made its way to the Senate floor, I would hear from Tennesseans wanting  to know whom the Democrats expected to actually pay the bill for these  programs. But as time has gone by, the Democrats confirmed, as they  have every time they have been in power, that their plan was to keep  squeezing taxpayers for as much money as possible, for as long as  possible. Indeed, the Federal Government has a ceaseless, nonending  appetite for taxpayers' money.   I don't think I have to tell you how discouraging this is for  Tennesseans. It is confirmation that their President knows what is  happening to them but he just does not care. They are in pursuit of a  goal. They see this as a means to an end.   Now, when I am at home in Tennessee, as I was this weekend, people  don't ask me where all the money went because they know the Democrats  have wasted it on handouts and Green New Deal schemes--trillions of  dollars down the drain. All they want to know is when is this going to  stop.   They can't plan ahead. They can't save for special occasions. Even  something as simple as a holiday cookout has slipped out of reach for  so many families. Independence Day is coming up, but what should be an  exciting time for everyone has turned into a source of stress because,  in 1 year--1 year--the price of a bag of chips, up 7.9 percent; ice  cream and popsicles, 8 percent more; potato salad will cost 7.1 percent  more this year, and that is only accounting for the cost of the  potatoes. Hot dogs and hamburgers have gone up, but when you account  for the almost 16-percent hike on ketchup and mustard, a 9.4-percent  hike on lettuce, the 13-percent hike on pickles, and a ridiculous 12.5- percent hike on the bun to put it all on, you can cross your main  course off the menu also.   There is no reason why a meal like this should suddenly be out of  reach of many families, but it is, and it is not just due to the price  of the hamburger bun. That is just something that really is adding  insult to injury.   Since Joe Biden became President, grocery prices have increased 20  percent, which is something every single person serving in Congress has  seen in action. You cannot deny this. Any trip to the grocery store  tells the story.   Energy bills have gone up 36 percent since Joe Biden and the  Democrats took power. Rent is up 15 percent; clothes, 12 percent more.  A tank of gas is up 51 percent, and a used car to put that gas in is  going to cost you 33 percent more today than it did last June.   To counteract all of this, the Fed has raised interest rates at the  fastest pace since the 1980s, which has in turn destroyed access to  consumer credit and made it harder for small businesses to take out the  loans they need to grow.   The problem isn't limited to a holiday celebration; our President and  the Democrats have made life too expensive to afford every single day  of the year.   Needless to say, spending has been out of control for over a decade.  Regardless of what this administration believes, we cannot spend our  way to prosperity. It does not happen. But we can directly trace this  crippling inflation back to the reckless spending policies of this  administration. So let's take a look at some of the things they have  chosen to prioritize over the good of the country and the good of the  people.   They used the 6,825-page Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023 to  set a new precedent for wasteful spending that, frankly, continues to  baffle most Tennesseans. This bill, which no one had the opportunity to  read, included billions in pure waste and authorized over $1.82  trillion in total discretionary spending authority.   To make matters worse, the Inflation Reduction Act, which passed last  August, gave the Internal Revenue Service $80 billion for--guess what-- more IRS agents. They estimate that the resulting increase in  harassment will take $204 billion from hard-working taxpayers who are  already struggling to make ends meet.   The IRA also included $386 billion for Joe Biden's radical climate  agenda, including $27 billion for the Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund,  the sole purpose of which is to increase the power of the EPA; $3  billion in environmental and climate justice block grants; and an  extension of the Affordable Care Act's premium tax credits.   This is hundreds of billions of dollars going to pet projects of the  left, while Americans are struggling to put food on the table.   But the spending won't stop there. Earlier this year, President Biden  released a pledge to make things worse. It is in the form of his 2024  budget request. This exorbitant wish list proved that he has no desire  to get our national debt under control. It included annual budget  deficits ranging between 4.6 and 6.8 percent above the baseline. He  also included trillions in tax increases and added even more funding to  the IRS. He doubled the tax on capital gains; increased the corporate  income tax rate to 28 percent, which is the second highest rate in the  developed world; and then made sure the IRS could find ways to take  even more money--not exactly a taxpayer-friendly approach.   This path is not sustainable and will only lead to our children and  grandchildren bearing the full brunt of our massive national debt  burden. In my opinion, this is immoral.   This is why every Congress I introduce legislation to cut spending by  1, 2, and 5 percent all across the board. These small changes would  make a big difference and help us return to a path of fiscal stability  and fiscal sanity.   The Consumer Price Index rose 4 percent in May. Incredibly enough,  the Biden administration celebrated this as a win, which leads me to  believe they are still counting on the American people somehow ignoring  what a mess they made in continuing to fork over the money.   Let's be clear. Four percent inflation is still double the target  rate. This is not a win. It is not normal. The day Joe Biden came into  office, inflation was at 1.4 percent.   Now, what this does do, it does guarantee that Tennesseans will face  yet another month of groceries that are too expensive to afford and  unsustainable spending on programs they did not vote for and do not  want.   If we were to pass a 1-percent across-the-board cut to Federal  spending, then there is a chance we can reverse this trend and ease the  impossible burden that the Biden administration has placed on the  American people. But if we continue to ignore the problem and spend  even more money, that will lead us even further down the path to  economic collapse.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following interns in my office be granted floor privileges until the  end of the Congress: Nell Palumbo, Reagan Philbeck, and John Orantes.   