 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Collins and I are allowed to complete our remarks before the vote that  is scheduled for 5:30.    Mr. President, I am really pleased to be able to come  to the floor today with my cochair in the Diabetes Caucus and friend  and colleague Senator Collins to discuss an issue that is near and dear  to both of us and to the entire Diabetes Caucus, and that is what  Congress can do to improve the lives of those living with this chronic  disease.   More than 37 million Americans live with diabetes, and millions more  are at risk for developing it. I think most people in this Chamber  probably know someone who has been affected by this chronic disease,  and they get a chance to see very briefly the challenges that those  with diabetes face every day.   I understand those personal struggles all too well because my  granddaughter Elle was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes in 2007, shortly  after her 8th birthday. As a type 1 diabetic, she needs daily access to  insulin. Maintaining healthy glucose levels is a worry that has kept  her and her mother--her whole family--up too many nights. Without  insulin, Elle would not be here because there is no alternative  treatment.   There is no cure that can free her from those daily injections.  Insulin truly is a lifesaving drug, and it has been for over 100 years.  The 100th anniversary of insulin was 2 years ago.   When the Canadian researchers who discovered insulin realized what  they had--a drug that would turn a death sentence into a manageable,  chronic condition--they decided to sell the patent for $1 each.   They knew the drug they had was revolutionary, and they chose not to  chase profits over the good of humankind. Unfortunately, that is not  the reality that we live with today. Over the last several decades,  insulin prices have skyrocketed beyond the reach of too many Americans.   I hear from far too many people about how they have to ration their  needed insulin until the next paycheck or until their insurance  coverage kicks in.   Let's be clear about what this means. Americans are literally risking  their lives to stretch their insulin as far as possible because the  costs are so great. And the cost burden is even heavier for uninsured  Americans who have to pay fully out of pocket.   These costs quickly number into the thousands of dollars. The  challenges  [[Page S1333]]  aren't new, but, fortunately, we are making some progress. Congress  last year capped Medicare beneficiaries' insulin costs at $35 a month.  And, recently, the three largest insulin manufacturers announced they  will finally lower their list prices.   Now, Senator Collins and I have commended those manufacturers for  finally taking steps to make their insulins more affordable. But until  patients are given true financial security and certainty with insulin  pricing, the work remains unfinished. Those manufacturers could, at any  time, decide again to raise the price of insulin.   There have to be mechanisms in place to systemically address the full  scope of this issue. We need to lower costs, and we need to be able to  keep those costs down. Insulin costs must be addressed across the  board. We must address the root causes of the high cost of insulin.   That is what brings me to the floor today, to discuss legislation  that Senator Collins and I recently introduced: the Improving Needed  Safeguards for Users of Lifesaving Insulin Now--or INSULIN--Act.   First, I want to thank my friend and colleague Senator Collins for  her longstanding partnership and leadership. Senator Collins and I  cochair the Diabetes Caucus, but it was Senator Collins who founded the  caucus in 1997, years before I got here, and there is no more fearless  and relentless advocate for those living with diabetes than Senator  Collins.   We began working on the INSULIN Act in 2019, recognizing that without  a comprehensive bill to address the root causes of skyrocketing insulin  prices, patients would never have long-term relief. At that time,  unfortunately, there weren't a lot of people in Congress who were  advocating for comprehensive insulin pricing reforms.   Since then, more and more Members of Congress have begun pressing for  insulin reform legislation. That is encouraging. And it is a message of  the commitment in this Chamber to finally get something done on this  issue.   I am glad the issue is finally getting the attention it deserves,  because we are long past time for Congress to act. Our INSULIN Act  takes an across-the-board approach to insulin pricing.   First, our bill caps insulin out-of-pocket costs at $35 or 25 percent  of list price monthly. That means that a patient could see monthly  costs capped for as little as $15 to $20.   And that provision, which we did for Medicare last year, was actually  something that has been promoted by the diabetes community, the JDRF-- Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation--and other diabetes advocacy  groups.   Second, our bill addresses one of the root causes of insulin price  increases--ever-growing rebates collected by pharmacy benefit managers,  or PBMs. Our bill mandates that PBMs pass 100 percent of rebates  negotiated on the plan sponsors. So that benefits patients by lowering  premiums.   Finally, our bill takes several steps to increase biosimilar  competition, which is proven to lower list prices and improve patient  access to their medications.   That includes legislation that I have championed for several years,  the Ensuring Timely Access to Generics Act, which is designed to  prevent pharmaceutical manufacturers from gaming the FDA's citizen  petition process to delay generic drug approvals.   Now, Senator Collins and I have developed what we believe is a good  piece of bipartisan legislation, and it has been done in consultation  with drug-pricing experts and with the diabetes advocacy community.   Since 2019, we have been working on this. Last year, we invited input  from lawmakers, stakeholders, and advocates, including the members of  this Chamber.   This bipartisan bill is the product of countless conversations and  negotiations to produce a bill that will be the most effective in  lowering costs and keeping them there. And it will entice, we believe,  the broadest coalition of lawmakers to get behind it.   In particular, I want to thank the American Diabetes Association, the  JDRF, and the Endocrine Society for their input and for their  endorsement of our legislation.   I look forward to working with the diabetes community, with Senator  Collins, and with the rest of the Members of this Chamber and Congress  to finally pass this comprehensive bill to give financial relief to all  Americans living with diabetes. There is no more time to waste. And I  urge the HELP Committee and Senate leadership to bring this bill to the  floor as soon as possible.   I yield the floor.   