 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in favor of my amendment, which will  require the Government Accountability Office to make its report on the  findings and conclusions of its study of the Federal Housing Finance  Agency's loan-level pricing adjustment revisions publicly available  online.   My commonsense amendment will provide transparency for the  administration to answer to the American people.   The latest FHFA fee change could result in thousands of dollars in  additional fees for lower risk homeowners over time, while encouraging  and rewarding financial irresponsibility. This is a gross overreach and  will ultimately contribute to the growing inflation problem we have in  this country.   Raising housing costs at a time when mortgage rates are at their  highest, thanks to the Biden-Pelosi spending spree, will make housing  less affordable and will result in higher mortgage costs and reduced  access to credit for most borrowers.   Joe Biden's agenda of equity over equality defies common sense and  will endanger the stability of the housing market. The Republican  majority is fighting tooth and nail to protect middle-class home buyers  from Joe Biden's new socialist tax, which puts homeownership out of  reach for the middle-class American.   Borrowers with excellent credit should not be punished for doing  right and be forced to bear more financial burdens due to the fiscal  irresponsibility of others.   Unelected bureaucrats in Washington should not have the ability to  impose these un-American regulations on hardworking middle-class  families. I am glad this bill puts an end to business as usual here in  the swamp.   I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Davidson) for his leadership to  block Joe Biden's new socialist tax to force middle-class borrowers to  subsidize risky loans.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of my amendment, as  well as the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   