 Mr. Speaker, as both a physician and the former  Director of the Iowa Department of Public Health, I agree with what  President Biden said in September of last year: The pandemic is over.  More specifically, even though SARS-CoV-2 is still circulating, it is  endemic. The public health emergency is and should be over.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support H.R. 382, which would acknowledge  the truth of the President's words and finally put an end to the public  health emergency.  [[Page H534]]    When COVID-19 first reached our shores, the public health emergency  declaration was a tool that helped our country to mobilize, develop  testing, develop vaccines, and to distribute PPE and institute our  manufacturing sector. However, this emergency declaration is no longer  needed, and instead of putting an end to it, the President has  continually renewed it with no end in sight.   For example, we have already extended telehealth for 2 years. From  mask mandates and vaccine mandates to extending Medicaid expansion to  previously ineligible participants and student loan forgiveness, the  President and this administration are using the public health emergency  to expand government overreach.   What is irresponsible is not putting a transition in place during  this past year.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 382 and put an end  to this outdated, bloated government overreach.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. Bucshon for yielding me  time.   Mr. Speaker, before I acknowledge my support for the Freedom for  Health Care Workers Act, H.R. 497, I want to respond that as a  physician, as a mother, as a working woman my entire life, and as a  former director of public health, let me just say unequivocally that  the care of ectopic pregnancy is not an abortion. That is a lie. That  is a misconstruction. I want to put that to rest right now.   Now, on to H.R. 497. This overdue legislation repeals the Biden  administration's invasive vaccine mandate for America's healthcare  workers who have borne a significant brunt of the COVID-19 pandemic.    As I have listened to this discourse, I thought we were back in 2020.  It was deja vu all over again when we just started to have vaccines. We  are not at the beginning of a pandemic. We are 2 years, almost 3 years,  into a pandemic.   Even before this pandemic, rural areas in southeastern Iowa, such as  in my district, were already struggling with maintaining healthcare  staffing levels. Existing challenges were exacerbated by the pandemic,  which were then compounded by the vaccine mandates.   Healthcare workers, if you will remember, Mr. Speaker, were lauded  for over a year for going to work every single day. I was part of that,  administering vaccines in all 24 counties in my district. They were  lauded for going to work, putting themselves and their families at risk  for a novel coronavirus of which we knew very little.   Yet, even though they put themselves and their families at risk, we  are going to insult them by telling them, despite a plethora of  research and data that infection-acquired immunity can be even superior  to the vaccine, that we are going to demand that they be vaccinated  even though they worked over a year with no vaccine available, putting  themselves at risk.   We also have further data after the delta variant that the COVID-19  vaccine does not prevent transmission. Yes, there is rebound illness.  Yes, it does reduce maybe illness and death, but it doesn't prevent  transmission.   As a physician, I understand the importance and the meaning of the  doctor-patient relationship.    Healthcare workers have a variety of knowledge and  information available about the vaccine, and like any other individual,  they should be able to make healthcare decisions for themselves with  the guidance of their physicians. This vaccine mandate is almost  malpractice.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this repeal through this  legislation.   