 Mr. President, I once again join my colleagues in  coming to the floor in opposition to this short-sighted proposal and in  support of a comprehensive supplemental funding bill that responds to  the full range of immediate global challenges facing our country. This  includes arming and equipping Ukraine and Israel, aiding our partners  in the Indo-Pacific, and providing the necessary assistance to  adequately address dire humanitarian needs around the world.   To only provide urgently needed support to Israel, as my colleague's  proposal would do, would miss the bigger picture. And that is precisely  what Putin and Hamas are hoping for. This proposal ignores the reality  that these conflicts are part of a shared fight to preserve democracy,  confront autocracy and defend the values of the free world.   Over the past 75 years, these shared values and the advancement of  democracy across the world have benefited the American people by making  the world more predictable, increasing our national security, lowering  the cost of goods, and providing opportunities for American businesses.  Europe is a critical trading partner for the U.S., and in my home state  of New Hampshire, we export about $3 billion worth of goods and  services to Europe annually.   So it is in our collective interest to continue supporting our  partners to further the democratic advancement in countries across the  world, provide an alternative to China and Russia, and increase  America's security and prosperity.   We know that our allies need weapons now, but bullets and bombs alone  will not solve these challenges in their entirety. Humanitarian  assistance, which provides for the basic needs of those who find  themselves in the crosshairs of the world's conflicts and crises,  supports our security objectives in Israel, Ukraine, and across the  globe. In Gaza, the United States has long worked with our Israeli and  Egyptian allies to ensure that humanitarian aid is properly and  efficiently vetted and delivered. The U.S. has a rigorous system in  place to screen and certify implementers on the ground who make sure  that food, water, and fuel go to the places and people that need them - - not to Hamas. And in Ukraine, the United States has stood by men,  women, and children as they fight off a brutal invading force. A  failure to continue to support assistance for Ukraine could mean that  12 million fewer people will get the humanitarian assistance they need  right now--aid that has gone to emergency food and shelter, basic  healthcare, access to safe drinking water, and basic hygiene kits. This  funding is simple. It will save lives. We must deliver.   Now, make no mistake; our adversaries are watching what the United  States does. It is no coincidence that Iran backs Hamas's campaign in  Israel while also supplying Russia with lethal drones to use in  Ukraine. China's coercive behavior toward Taiwan and the  [[Page S5494]]  broader Indo-Pacific region may very well depend on if the U.S. is  willing to stand on the side of democracy in Europe and the Middle  East. Dictators like to stick together. And while they stick together,  they seek to divide us from our allies and divert our attention and our  resources. We cannot pick and choose when to stand up to autocrats--or  there will be no free world left to defend.   I will keep coming back here and keep objecting as long as there are  short-sighted and partisan proposals that do not adequately address the  breadth of our national security challenges.   