 Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee for  amendment No. 35.    Mr. Chair, this amendment requires the  inspector general to investigate the FAA's decision to broaden the  acceptable EKG range for pilots to fly.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I urge support of amendment No.  35, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee for  amendment No. 36.    Mr. Chair, this amendment requires airlines  to reinstate pilots who were fired or forced to resign because of  vaccine mandates.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I urge the adoption of this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my  amendment.   Secretary Buttigieg and President Biden's policies have created chaos  within the FAA. Under the Biden administration, we saw the first full  ground stoppage of all flights since September 11.   Taxpayers deserve to know where Secretary Pete was jetting off to on  a private jet while our constituents were dealing with canceled and  delayed flights. My amendment will force the FAA to hand over the  flight logs for the Transportation Secretary's private FAA jet from the  last 3 years.   The Washington Post reported that Secretary Buttigieg took 18 secret  taxpayer-funded private flights. Taxpayers deserve transparency and  oversight.   I urge my colleagues to support transparency for the Secretary's  private flights and adopt my amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my  amendment. Secretary Buttigieg and President Biden's DEI initiatives  which hire and promote people based on their physical characteristics  over their merits and qualifications violate Title VII and the  Constitution.   In critical public safety roles such as air traffic control, it is  essential to have the best possible candidate based strictly on  professional qualifications and merit. Efforts by the Biden  administration to factor race, gender, and sexual orientation into  hiring and promotion decisions puts the traveling public at risk and  deepens the staffing shortages we have seen throughout the FAA.   Under this administration, we saw the first national ground stoppage  since September 11. My constituents regularly face delays caused by  shortages in air traffic control staffing, delays that I am sure many  of my colleagues have also experienced.   We must roll back the Biden administration's woke DEI policies and  put the needs of our public aviation system before the far left's  political agenda.   I urge the adoption of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of my  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   