 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, I am  pleased to be able to join my colleagues again on the floor of the  Senate to support a supplemental funding request that recognizes the  breadth of our national security interests in this country. That is a  supplemental funding request that must include Ukraine, Israel,  humanitarian needs, and the emerging challenges in the Indo-Pacific.   The horrific events of October 7--2 months ago tomorrow--was the  worst terrorist attack that Israel has faced. We know that over 1,000  innocent Israelis were killed. It was barbaric. Now, both Ukraine and  Israel face a similar threat against adversaries that seek to destroy  them. A holistic national security supplemental bill is critical to  protecting our interests--America's interests. We must pass an  appropriations bill that supports our allies in Israel and Ukraine and  that fully funds the other critical efforts that provide for our  national security.   My colleagues have been very eloquent tonight, but I want to add to  their explanations about why continued support for Ukraine is critical.   We should be proud that with strong bipartisan support, our country  has stood with Ukraine since before the beginning of Russia's  unprovoked invasion almost 2 years ago. We have done so with our NATO  allies and our international partners, including South Korea and Japan,  that recognize what is at stake even though they are a half a world  away. Our allies and partners have contributed a total of $94.1 billion  to support Ukraine's war and recovery effort. That is more than the  United States has contributed.   We had a chance earlier this afternoon in the Foreign Relations  Committee to meet with the new Foreign Secretary, the former Prime  Minister of Great Britain, David Cameron.   I asked him: How will Europe--how will our allies in Europe--view a  decision by the U.S. Senate not to provide funding to help Ukraine wage  this courageous war?   He said that it would have a dramatic impact in Europe, where we are  seeing NATO stronger than he said he could remember in his lifetime  because of coming together to support Ukraine and to oppose Putin. He  said it would send a message about future support for Ukraine that  would have a huge impact as we think about the international order and  our ability to keep dictators like Vladimir Putin and President Xi of  China, like the Ayatollah in Iran, like North Korea--those  dictatorships--from thinking they can invade any country they want to  if they happen to be stronger.   Alongside our international partners, we recognize that the Ukrainian  people are not only defending their land and freedom, they are fighting  for the preservation of liberal democracies around the world.   What Senator Marshall is proposing strips out the essential funding  that we need to address the threat posed by the Chinese Communist Party  in the Indo-Pacific. It neglects the urgent and growing humanitarian  needs for both Ukraine and the people in Gaza who are affected by this  war. Failing to pass a national security package would embolden Putin,  Iran, and the Chinese Communist Party. It would show our adversaries  around the world that America is not up to the task of defending  democracy and that we are not capable of standing by our friends for  the long run.   I remember the outcry in this body when the United States pulled out  of Afghanistan, and I have to say I opposed that effort. But what do we  think the pulling of our support for Ukraine is going to say to the  rest of the world?   We must be clear in sending an unequivocal message: America stands  with our allies in the face of this kind of devastating attack that  Vladimir Putin and Russia has made on Ukraine. To do that, we must pass  a holistic funding package to underscore that America is not going to  pick and choose when the United States stands on the side of freedom  and democracy.   Our adversaries want the United States to fall short in standing up  for its allies; they want us to be divided. We need to show them that  we are not divided but that we are united.   When I am back in New Hampshire, my constituents continue to tell me  that they support continuing to provide funding and help for Ukraine.  We have a great humanitarian effort in New Hampshire called the Common  Man for Ukraine that is headed up by a number of businesspeople. They  provide supplies and support for the Ukrainian people and for kids. It  is important that we fund a holistic response to address all of the  issues that we are facing--Israel, Ukraine, the Indo-Pacific,  humanitarian, and our southern border. And, yes, we should be able to  come to a compromise on addressing border security.   The Democrats stand ready to work with our colleagues in the Senate.  We can come up with a compromise. We can do this in a way that is in  the United States' national security interests.   With that, I would like to turn the time over to Senator Durbin.  [[Page S5800]]    