 Madam President, as this body continues to discuss the  need for a national security supplemental, I rise today to discuss the  important elements that need to be included in this supplemental and  to, once again, emphasize the growing demands for increased border  security in our country.   For a nation as powerful and as impactful as ours, there are  obligations that we inherently have to meet, both to ourselves and our  allies. At the center of these obligations rests defending our  homeland. This security is imperative to the sovereignty of our Nation,  with our other obligation being to support our allies abroad as they  face hostilities. We must realize that these two priorities are deeply  woven together. We cannot achieve national security as a whole without  securing our own borders. In fact, President Biden's own national  defense strategy reflects this very sentiment, citing protection of the  homeland as the No. 1 defense priority.   It is essential that border security remains one of our four pillars  that need to be included in any national security supplemental that is  approved by this Congress. In order to properly secure and defend our  allies, we must properly secure and defend our own Nation at the same  time.   As I have said on the floor many times, Madam President, with you  presiding--I have said many times that there is no doubt that we  currently live in a time of heightened national security concern. Not  only is this concern felt around the globe but in almost every State  and community in our own country because of this crisis at the border.   Because of this crisis at the border, we see chaos. We see it on our  news channels every evening. We see the monthly records of illegal  crossings--as a matter of fact, I think several days ago, the highest  daily number. We see how those who are truly seeking asylum are being  disadvantaged by the cartels and smugglers who are playing the system.   It is obvious that the policies which have led to this crisis need to  be addressed, and they need to be changed and reformed.   I often talk about American leadership and our historic ability to  respond with strength in times of crisis. Well, this is a time of  crisis, and our porous southern border is something we desperately need  to act upon.   It is not lost on me or on my Republican colleagues, the urgency to  address the four central national security emergencies of our time.  Ukraine is facing an unjust and unprovoked ground war perpetrated by  Russia. Our ally and friend Israel is under attack by terrorists who  are holding women and children hostage. The recounting that we have  heard of the sexual violence against the women in Israel on October 7  is appalling. Our allies in the Indo-Pacific face heightened concern as  rival nations increase their aggression. Right here in the United  States, we are facing the worst border crisis in our Nation's history.   These four areas are directly tied together. Ukraine's ability to  defend itself and stave off Russian aggression relates directly to the  security of Taiwan and the increased posture of China. The terrorist  attacks perpetrated on Israel have led to attacks on our own U.S.  military bases and ships, as well as the alarming rise--alarming rise-- of anti-Semitism that we are seeing in our own country.   Nations directly opposed to the United States--they are opposed to  our values, our way of life--are building an uneasy level of  camaraderie between one another. You can guarantee that these nations  are watching our self-created security crisis at our border and waiting  to see when we will finally wake up and react. Our country must take  notice of this.   The supplemental text before us does not make any policy changes but  instead just throws more money--more money--at a broken system. That is  not a solution. It doesn't address the actual policies that are fueling  this situation.   The changes in border policy that my party seeks are not ``partisan  and extreme measures,'' as the Democrat leader would lead you to  assume, but, rather, they are substantive solutions that address the  national security threats that we are now facing.   We encountered a sixfold increase of individuals on our Terror  Watchlist just in the past year coming to the southern border. Half of  the illegal encounters now on our border are not from Mexico or the  Northern Triangle of Central America. Drugs that are made on the other  side of the world are smuggled into our country daily, with the goal of  sowing destruction and sorrow. Unfortunately, that is having success.  We do not know who or what is entering our borders, and that cannot be  a risk we are willing to take.   The truth of the matter is, this doesn't need to be a partisan issue,  and I know we have colleagues on both sides of the aisle who are trying  to work through this. We are not just talking about funding but,  rather, changes that ensure that those who enter our country are coming  through legal channels and that they are properly vetted. It sounds  pretty simple to me--both things that we should all agree are necessary  aspects of a working immigration system. But, instead, this  administration, the Biden administration, has incentivized abuses of  our asylum laws that have led to the greatest border crisis in our  Nation's history. It is an open border. It is catch-and-release. This,  in turn, has put our national security at risk.   This is not an issue that the Republicans have brought up in the  eleventh hour of a negotiation but, rather, something that we have  continued to highlight the entire time President Biden has been in the  White House.   Members of Congress cannot continue to ignore the deep ties between  the sovereignty of the United States and the sovereignty of our allies  abroad. The supplemental we have been discussing for weeks is about  helping our allies, but also, why is that important? Because we have to  advance our own interests at the same time, and the border is a big  part of our own interests. This is not a time to play games; instead,  it is time to meet the challenges of the moment. While others refuse to  accept the reality of the landscape we face, Republicans remain at the  table.   For too long--for too long--we have been on the floor voting on  radical nominations to advance the Biden administration's agenda  instead of on legislation needed to help solve many of the problems I  have described, including border security and our weakened defense  industrial base and, I would add as a member of the Appropriations  Committee, our appropriations bills, which have been teed up since  July, and the leader has refused to put them on the floor. All that  serves to do is waste time we simply do not have.  [[Page S5782]]    We must seek agreements that address our concerns, that provide  necessary relief, that strengthen our security, and that will move the  interests of the United States forward. I ask my colleagues in this  Chamber to recognize that.   The time to invest in the national security of the United States and  our allies abroad is now.   With that, I yield the floor.   I see my fellow Senator from Nebraska here to talk about similar  subjects.   