 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman Rodgers for yielding  me time.   I rise in support of H.R. 21, an important and timely bill, and I am  proud that the new Republican majority made this one of our first  priorities.   In less than 2 years, President Biden has drained our Strategic  Petroleum Reserve, putting American energy security at risk.   Thankfully, House Republicans have a plan to address the issue,  replenish our reserve, and unleash American energy.   The President's energy policies have hurt Americans, and I thank my  colleague on the other side of the aisle. He is correct. In releasing  oil from the SPR, it may have helped to lower gasoline prices; however,  it uncloaked the lie that it was price gouging from oil companies that  caused prices to rise to begin with.   More supply was needed, that was obvious, and this administration's  policies had constrained domestic production and supply.   Approximately 40 percent of the SPR has been drawn down since  President Biden took office, with no plan to replenish it.   Instead of working together to address the issue, the President has,  indeed, chosen to peddle a false narrative about our efforts. The  President claims our bill, the Strategic Production Response Act, would  limit the administration's access to the SPR. This is blatantly false.  Our bill specifically reinforces a President's ability to tap the SPR  if an energy emergency is declared.   Our bill would, however, require the Department of Energy to prepare  a plan to encourage domestic production if the SPR is tapped without a  declared energy emergency.   While we may accept the seriousness of climate change, we do not  accept that U.S. energy transmission and restructuring of the entire  industrial base is the solution.   Energy security is national security, and failing to increase energy  production and replenish the Strategic Petroleum Reserve puts our  country at risk. We need to unleash American innovation and energy  production and set our country on a path to energy independence.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 21.  [[Page H358]]        