 Mr. President, I am sure you have seen news reports  about a group of four Americans who were recently kidnapped after  driving across the U.S.-Mexico border. This week, two of them were  tragically found dead. My heart goes out to the families affected by  this devastating development.   This is the latest in a string of incidents that underscore just how  chaotic the situation is at our southern border. I know firsthand  because I visited the border last week, along with a delegation of  Republicans led by my colleague Senator Cornyn. We can read about what  is going on down at the border. We can watch the news. But until you  travel south and see the chaos there with your own eyes, you really  can't fully understand the gravity of this situation.   The numbers we hear reported are overwhelming. Migrant encounters  this fiscal year have already stretched past 770,000. December hit a  record for monthly encounters, at over 251,000.   Sure, we talk about these numbers, but what really brings home what a  crisis this is, is walking past an unfinished border wall, boating up  and down the Rio Grande River, riding through the brush, and seeing the  paths migrants use to sneak into our country. It is touring a raided  stash house where a weapon was found, an illegal immigrant was  detained, and a human smuggler was arrested. The faces and the voices  of people on the ground in Texas who are directly hurt by border  insecurity--that is what really brings home what a crisis this is.   My colleagues and I talked to Border Patrol officers, illegal  immigrants, and South Texas landowners. Each of these conversations  unveiled a new side of the tragic situation at the border.   Our agents are doing good and honorable work to protect migrants, to  defend our national security, and to stop criminals in their tracks,  but it is all with little support from this administration.   Along the border wall, we spoke with illegal immigrants, some of them  single men and women and some of them with families. We met a 6-month- old baby. All had been detained by Border Patrol, and they were being  identified before being sent to a processing center.   This is a sad situation, not just what these migrants face to get  here, dealing with the coyotes and the cartels, but then what they will  face in their future. These migrants will head north, and they will be  forced to work off what they owe the coyotes for getting them across  our border. Many of them will be funneled into lives of indentured  servitude, some of them into human trafficking and sex trafficking.   But this is not only an enormous humanitarian crisis and a drug  crisis; this is a national security crisis.   I am a senior member on the Senate Armed Services Committee. Our trip  to the Rio Grande Valley reaffirmed that the frenzy at our southern  border is nothing short of a national security disaster.   The United States does not have control of the southwest border. Do  you know who does? The Mexican cartels. When we cannot control who is  entering our country, when we cannot control what they are bringing  into our country or where they are going, that is a serious national  security risk.   In fiscal year 2022, border agents arrested 98 suspected terrorists  who were trying to enter the country illegally between our ports of  entry. During the previous administration, this number was never higher  than six. Since October, border agents have arrested another 53 people  on the terror watch list. President Biden's mismanagement of the border  has created a total catastrophe, and thanks to him, we are experiencing  not only a homeland security crisis but also a homeland defense crisis.   This visit to the border was so frustrating because we know that the  dangerous criminal activity going on there is preventable. But the  President's refusal to enforce our country's laws, our current laws,  means that trafficking of people, drugs, and weapons occurs unabated at  our border.   In the Senate, we are trying to find solutions to the border crisis.  I introduced a resolution with Senator Britt, who joined us on last  week's border trip, which simply acknowledges the crisis at the  southern border. Let's just say there is a crisis that exists. That  should be simple. I joined Senator Britt to introduce the Keep Our  Community Safe Act, which would close the gaping catch-and-release  loophole allowing illegal immigrants to escape into our country.   I helped introduce Sarah's Law, sponsored by my colleague Senator  Ernst, to require mandatory detention of illegal immigrants charged  with violent crimes in our country and, in turn, better protect the  public.   I will keep urging my colleagues to join these bills, but there is a  limit to  [[Page S736]]  what we can do while the President and his border czar Vice President  Harris continue to turn a blind eye to what is going on in Texas.  Throwing taxpayer dollars at a smartphone app that facilitates border  crossing appointments for migrants is not going to cut it. We need the  President and Vice President to do their jobs and enforce the laws that  keep our country safe.   Step out of the White House, President Biden, and take a look at what  is happening. When you say you travel to the border, go to the border.   The administration continues to release thousands of migrants into  the United States each and every month, holding onto the pipe dream  that they will voluntarily show up in court next year. And there are  thousands more ``got-aways'' who continue evading Border Patrol and  entering this country illegally.   The President needed to deal with this mess yesterday. It is far past  time for this administration to show us some recognition that the  President understands how dangerous this is. Time is up for President  Biden to move past the photo ops and to reach across the aisle to find  serious solutions.   Maintaining our national security should not be a partisan goal. It  should be an American goal. Neglecting our border means more drugs  brought into our country, more women and children facing a life of sex  trafficking, and more threats to the security of our Nation.   Let's get our border security bills passed and deal with the  situation once and for all.   I yield the floor.   