 Madam President, according to the U.S. Department of  Agriculture's Economic Research Service, 46 million Americans live in  rural areas. This includes 35 percent of the residents in my home State  of Nebraska.   Often, in the government, we focus on the majority of Americans  living in urban population hubs, but we have just as much of an  obligation to the millions of rural citizens in our country.   Communications access is foundational to our quality of life,  especially in rural areas where the closest neighbor can be many miles  away. And that is what I want to focus on today.   As a member of the Senate Commerce and Agriculture Committees, I have  the privilege of regularly advancing communications policy that  benefits all Americans, including those in rural areas.   I have led multiple pieces of legislation to improve broadband  mapping to benefit unserved rural areas, including the broadband  funding map that the President signed into law as part of the  bipartisan infrastructure package. It is vital that every last mile and  acre of our country has access to reliable internet, whether for  telehealth appointments or to make use of the more efficient  agricultural technologies.   But broadband isn't the only type of communication rural communities  rely on, especially for households without internet service. They rely  on television programming to keep updated about the world around them.  The well-being of rural Americans and a robust media made up of diverse  viewpoints are important to me, and they are important to Nebraskans  throughout the State. And access to rural and agricultural programming  benefits all Americans.   Farmers and ranchers in Nebraska depend on this content for relevant  news, information, and lifestyle programming. We are talking about  everything from in-depth reports on weather patterns, agribusiness  news, and commodity market swings, western sports, and a lot more.   This programming delivers essential information to producers that  directly impacts the way that they manage their operations and the way  they plan for the future.   At the same time, Americans on the coasts and in major urban and  suburban areas also benefit from programming that helps them understand  major issues affecting the country that originate in the heartland. And  we both know that rural programming doesn't mean old reruns of ``Green  Acres'' or of ``The Beverly Hillbillies.''   Rural and agricultural programmers are in a unique position to  educate the public and what it means to be a family farmer or a  rancher, on how producers are some of the best stewards of our natural  resources, and on what the future of agriculture and producing the food  that we all need looks like.   This is one reason that I was pleased, as ranking member of the Rules  Committee, to recently approve RFD-TV to be added to the Senate TV  network. RFD-TV is one of the preeminent sources of rural news in the  country.   Networks like RFD-TV work hard to cover issues affecting the  agricultural sector and rural communities. The senior Senator from  Minnesota and I approved its addition to the Senate TV network because  that unique perspective and that expertise is a must-have here in  Washington, where we all work on policies affecting rural America every  single day.   And it is not just TV programming that provides critical news and  information to rural communities. Millions of Americans use AM radio to  stay up to date on what is affecting them.  [[Page S1994]]    In Nebraska, we have a long history of farm broadcasters who help  farmers and ranchers thrive. Today, there are still over 40 AM stations  that are based in my State.   Unfortunately, there are some who have lost sight of the fundamental  role broadcast radio plays in rural America. A number of automakers  announced plans this year to remove AM broadcast radio access from some  of their vehicles.   This would deal a blow to the millions who need AM radio access in  order to receive emergency alerts in remote areas as well as to be  aware of local news, weather conditions. AM radio is not just a luxury;  it is the backbone of our emergency alert system. It can be a question  of life or death for people during natural disasters and severe storms.   My colleagues and I are concerned about how this decision will affect  the safety of Americans. And that is why we introduced a bicameral,  bipartisan bill to preserve AM radio access, despite some automakers'  efforts to get rid of it.   Our bill, the AM for Every Vehicle Act, would direct the National  Highway Traffic Safety Administration to issue a rule that would  require all motor vehicles to have access to AM broadcast stations. The  legislation is already having an impact. It recently spurred Ford Motor  Company to reverse course and to restore access to AM radio in its  upcoming car models.   But passing our bill is the only way to prevent other automakers from  abandoning AM radio, and it is against the best interests of the  millions of people in rural areas where wireless warnings--well, they  can be difficult to impossible to receive.   The American people who travel to work and school on rural roads each  day are relying on us to ensure that they don't lose access to local  news, weather, emergency alerts, and public safety announcements from  AM radio.   As Members of the U.S. Senate, we represent millions--millions--of  people in rural communities across the country. We cannot let rural  voices be set aside while we prioritize other issues.   Let's continue to appreciate rural TV and radio and advance  legislation that supports the critical services that they provide.   I yield the floor.   