 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me  time, and I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for  their bipartisan support.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of the Preventing the  Financing of Illegal Synthetic Drugs Act, H.R. 1076.   Mr. Speaker, as the ranking member of the Financial Services  Subcommittee of National Security, Illicit Finance, and International  Financial Institutions, our jurisdiction tends to focus abroad, but  make no mistake, the epidemic of synthetic drug overdoses impacts each  and every congressional district and every community throughout our  country. For example, Ohio ranks third in the overall number of drug  overdose deaths, which we are not proud of.   According to the most recent study by the Centers for Disease Control  and Prevention, over 107,000 people in the United States have died from  drug overdoses or drug poisoning in the past 12 months.   Mr. Speaker, 5,000 of those individuals were right there in my  district.   Let me also share, as my colleague and our chair of the committee has  stated to us, under the bill, the GAO would examine these illicit  financial flows from and to foreign nations, including China, and will  review the business of the trafficking of synthetic drugs and related  illicit finance, such as participation in transnational criminal  organizations and behaviors.   If we are going to stop the flow of illicit drugs like fentanyl and  meth and the tragic loss of lives they bring with them, then we need to  know more about the who, the where, and the how of the illegal  trafficking trade.   Mr. Speaker, that is why I am honored to support what I call a  commonsense, bipartisan piece of legislation. Again, I thank the chair,  our ranking member, the bill's sponsors, and, certainly, our Financial  Services Committee, and I urge my colleagues to join in support.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me  time.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of the China Financial  Threat Mitigation Act, or H.R. 1156.   Certainly, I agree with my colleague and friends across the aisle  that we need to dig deeper. We understand that, yes, China is trying to  weaken our country. Because of its size and deep connection to the  global economy, the People's Republic of China represents a potential  threat to our economy and our financial system.    We must have a clear picture of the systemic risks we face so we can  respond appropriately to safeguard our economic interests and mitigate  these threats.   Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill will require the Treasury  Department to study and issue a report that analyzes risks to the  United States' financial stability and the global economy stemming from  China.   I thank my colleague, the vice chair of this subcommittee, for  participating today, along with our Republican colleagues.   As the ranking member of the Financial Services Subcommittee on  National Security, Illicit Finance, and International Financial  Institutions, I am very happy to work across the aisle to address the  issues of competitiveness with China.   Mr. Speaker, this is the right thing to do, and I urge all Members to  support this bipartisan bill.   Mr. Speaker, lastly, I don't think I need to remind my colleagues  that this legislation was brought three times in the last Congress. I  certainly thank then-Congressman Gonzalez from Ohio, who sponsored this  legislation.   