 Mr. President, across the country, over 1.2 million  Americans live in nursing homes. Many of our own parents, grandparents,  and other loved ones are among them. Nursing facilities provide  specialized attentive care to seniors in critical need of their  services.   Long-term care facilities are especially indispensable in small towns  and rural areas like much of my home State of Nebraska. In those areas,  a larger percentage of the population is over 65.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration has released a rule this fall  that could force many nursing facilities around the country to close  their doors. The new rule, introduced in September by the Centers for  Medicare and Medicaid Services, mandates new minimum staffing standards  for long-term care facilities. It requires each facility to staff a  registered nurse on site 24/7 and would require staff to provide each  resident with at least 3 hours of direct care per day. The  administration believes this rule would improve the quality of care in  our nursing homes.   Unfortunately, the rule, as written, would simply force many  facilities to shut down, denying care to seniors entirely.   According to CMS, 75 percent of nursing homes would have to increase  staffing to comply with these proposed standards, but across our  country, these homes already face historic staffing shortages.  According to Federal labor statistics, nursing homes lost more than  200,000 workers from February of 2020 to December of 2022. The industry  is still rebuilding its workforce after a devastating pandemic.   Under this rule, nursing homes would be forced to go to great lengths  to find staff in the midst of these overwhelming shortages. If they  failed, they would likely need to shut their doors and deprive seniors  of care.   Even one nursing home closure could be detrimental to seniors in  certain rural communities. Highly populated urban areas may host  several long-term care facilities, a lot of different options are  available, but for these facilities in rural areas, they are few and  far between. If one facility closes, the next closest one could be many  miles or even hours away. It might not be feasible for every senior to  move so far from their home.   So this mandate from CMS, it would devastate facilities across  Nebraska, across rural America, and across this  [[Page S5687]]  country. It would devastate families who are relying on these  facilities to serve their loved ones, and it would devastate the  seniors who urgently need care.   After the release of this proposed rule in September, I joined the  rest of the Nebraska Federal delegation in sending a letter to CMS  Administrator Chiquita Brooks-LaSure opposing these new standards. We  have never received a response.   So I plan to introduce legislation that would prevent these misguided  standards from going into effect. My bill would also establish an  advisory panel on the nursing home workforce. The panel would host  members representing various stakeholders, including members from rural  areas and underserved areas.   The Biden administration must hear from voices outside the big cities  on the coasts. This proposed rule is a one-size-fits-all attempt at a  solution, but the so-called solution simply doesn't fit. It is a  misguided mandate that will prove destructive for communities that most  need the care.   I am going to keep fighting for our rural communities and for the  seniors who rely on long-term care facilities, and I encourage my  colleagues to do the same by joining me in support of this legislation  to protect nursing homes and to protect the Americans they serve.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   