 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in favor of my amendment which will  require the CDC to produce a report to Congress on the number of  visitors denied entry under the Biden administration's vaccine mandate  for all incoming international air travelers and visitors to the United  States.   This simple, straightforward amendment will provide transparency  surrounding this ludicrous and unscientific vaccine mandate put in  place by Joe Biden's bureaucrats.   This unnecessary CDC rule has made everyday life so much harder for  so many people; from tearing apart family reunifications and forcing  loved ones to die alone, without their relatives by their side, to  punishing companies overseas for doing business with America.   Just a few short stories my congressional office has come across  include: The mother of a Dutch tourist who died on the Appalachian  Trail, was unable to come home to the United States to collect her dead  son's body; a woman's fiance who lives in Canada has been unable to  visit her on American soil for the past 3 years; a man working for a  company in the United Kingdom who is unable to travel to the United  States for business meetings; and a family in New Hampshire with  Canadian in-laws has been unable to have Canadian family members visit  for Christmas in the United States since COVID started.   My amendment will require the CDC to account for these stories and  countless others who have felt the negative ramifications of this rule.  It will also provide transparency and allow congressional oversight of  the consequences of this vaccine mandate.   Despite Joe Biden stating the pandemic is over, he has refused to  lift this mandate. Even Canada has lifted its vaccine mandate for  incoming U.S. air travelers.   Other than a few countries around the world run by dictators, the  United States of America is literally the only country left that is  imposing this unscientific and immoral COVID vaccine mandate on our  visitors. Of course, if you cross our southern border illegally, there  is no such mandate; and we know of about 5 million who have done just  that.   Simply put, COVID is over. It is time for us to rejoin the free  world.   I thank my friend and colleague, Representative   Thomas Massie, for  his work to end yet another vaccine mandate. I am proud to be a  cosponsor of this legislation, and I strongly support it.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and to vote in favor of  the underlying bill.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of Chairman Comer's  resolution.   If free flights, free phones, free healthcare, free education, free  lawyers, and other freebies being offered to illegal aliens weren't  already enough, the D.C. Council decided to now give illegal aliens the  right to vote--a right that more than 1.1 million American military  servicemembers have given their lives for.   Giving this right to illegal aliens is as if our government were  ``The Oprah Winfrey Show.'' You get a vote, you get a vote, you get a  vote.   It makes a mockery of our constitutional Republic that our brave  heroes have fought for and died to defend.   The right to vote is the most sacred right in our constitutional  Republic. Giving the right to vote to noncitizens cheapens this sacred  right by discounting the value of citizens' votes. It also cheapens the  value of American citizenship and cheapens our standing around the  world as we incentivize the invasion of our own country.   Under Biden's watch, over 4.6 million illegal aliens--and those are  just the ones whom we know of--have already crossed our wide-open  southern border that Secretary Mayorkas and Joe Biden refused to  secure, and about which Democrats could have done something for the  past 2 years when they held all levels of power and refused to do so.   By the end of the year, Biden will have let in more illegal aliens  than the entire population of my State of Colorado.   Instead of trying to secure the border, Democrats are more focused on  giving illegal aliens more handouts and privileges, including giving  them the right--the sacred right--to vote. These illegal aliens are  even treated oftentimes better than our veterans who are struggling to  have their healthcare needs met and to get the services that we  promised them for their great service, but it is immediately given to  those who come across our southern border illegally.   Let's put American citizens first and not cheapen their votes. Let's  pass this legislation and ensure the voice of the American people is  heard without interference from foreign nationals.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the underlying bill.    Mr. Speaker, I wish to speak in response to some of the  opposition that I have heard to this legislation.   First of all, we have heard about slave trade multiple times this  evening. If we are concerned about slave trade, then let's secure the  southern border because that is where the human trafficking is taking  place. Millions of people are being trafficked, and women and children  are being sexually assaulted and abused. Young girls are taking Plan B  pills at the start of their journey because they anticipate being  sexually assaulted on their journey.   If this is something that you are that concerned about, then let's  work together to secure the southern border and stop the human  trafficking and the slave trade that is happening there.   There is slavery that is taking place in China in the cobalt mines  that these climate extremists are pushing. There is child enslaved  labor there. That is where we are extracting our rare earth minerals,  from China-owned mines in the Congo. So let's talk together about  American energy.   You say that this is just for local elections. Are there two  registries? How is that going to work if there are two registries? I  don't think it is going to stop there because every time we give in and  give an inch, well, they take 7 miles.   The gentleman on the other side of the aisle mentioned that in  Colorado illegal aliens are voting. Well, illegal aliens are voting,  but no State has actually allowed that since 1926 in America. There are  loopholes that are allowing illegals to vote in our elections. This is  election interference, allowing noncitizens to vote in our elections.   In fact, this is why the crime rate is up in Colorado. We are  encouraging illegal aliens to come to Colorado. We are number one in  the Nation for bank robberies, number one in the Nation for auto  thefts, number two in the Nation for fentanyl poisoning. We have a  Department of New Americans. If you go to the Colorado State website,  it says, well, what is a new American? A new American is a Coloradan.    What is a new American? A new American is a Coloradan,  an immigrant seeking asylum, a refugee, asylee, a DACA recipient, an  SIV holder, and all other forms of immigrants seeking safety,  opportunity, reunification of family. Chain migration is being  encouraged in my State where noncitizens are voting and making a  difference in our elections.   Now, if there is a better way to do so, then let's let the D.C.  Council reevaluate this. That is why we are sending it back to them. I  would say that statehood is a matter that Congress has to consider on  behalf of the entire Nation and pursue a constitutional amendment if so  desired. Congress dealt with this issue in both the 116th and 117th  Congresses and rejected the idea.   Congress has jurisdiction over D.C., and we need to ensure a vibrant  capital city. This act does the opposite. I would again encourage  opposition to this bill.   