 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution.   Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib is an important member of our Democratic  Caucus and our Michigan delegation. Her voice matters. She is the only  Palestinian American in Congress, and this is a representative body.  Her perspective reflects many that she represents, especially when it  is not twisted.   Congresswoman Tlaib is entitled to the same constitutionally  protected freedom of speech and expression that every other American  and every other Member of this body has. This resolution is an attack  on that fundamental right.   I spent all weekend in Michigan this last weekend talking to all the  communities about the meaning of this phrase. There are very strong  feelings on all sides. It is very clear that people interpret words in  different ways. Personally, I choose not to use a phrase that is  offensive to some and that many perceive as a threat, but I also take  seriously living in a country that does not restrict, forbid, or  censure free speech.    Mr. Chair, I rise with a great deal of respect for my  colleague but in opposition to this amendment, which seeks to cut  funding from the National Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Formula  Program.   Here is the reality. The world is moving to alternative  transportation. It is not all going to be electric vehicles. It could  be hydrogen. It will be others.   Right now, electric vehicles are the future of transportation in this  country and in the world, and we are competing in a global marketplace.   As we continue to invest in this EV transition, it is critical that  we get the charging infrastructure right. We must do everything within  our power to keep America competitive, to make it easier for consumers  to make this transition, and that is what this program does.   It plays a vital role in expanding our charging infrastructure,  alleviating fears, and creating an interconnected network that  everybody has access to, not just those that have access to expensive  chargers.   The National Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Formula Program provides  funding to States to deploy EV charging infrastructure and establishes  networks that make them more accessible.   Let's work together to expand EV charging accessibility and invest in  American-made EV chargers. We must support and advance through  development the production and distribution and the infrastructure  nationwide.   To meet these goals, we have to get serious. We have to roll up our  sleeves and get to work. Defunding these programs is not how we should  be legislating.   To ensure that we have a competitive future and that we are competing  in a global marketplace with other countries and their manufacturers, I  strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this  amendment.   This amendment seeks to prohibit funding for the implementation of a  bill known as the Honoring the Abbas Family Legacy to Terminate (HALT)  Drunk Driving Act. I wrote it. I am the sponsor.   The HALT Drunk Driving Act honors the Abbas family from Michigan who  were tragically killed in a car accident by a drunk driver. It requires  NHTSA to do a rulemaking to create rules for impaired driving  prevention technology in new vehicles to stop these tragedies from  continuing to occur.   Thirty-seven alcohol-impaired driving deaths happen every day,  equivalent to a death every 39 minutes. Studies show that the HALT Act  would save over 10,000 lives annually. Our constituents agree. We need  to stop drunk driving by making impairment prevention technology  standard in new vehicles. If the technology exists to prevent drunk  driving, why wouldn't we consider it?   Let me close by saying this amendment and the sponsor  mischaracterized what the HALT Act is. It does not mandate kill  switches or allow data collection that invades vehicle occupants'  privacy. I protect data privacy  [[Page H5521]]  in vehicles probably more than the sponsor of this does. That is  ridiculous. It doesn't monitor how you drive.   This amendment is an insult to every American who has been hurt or  lost loved ones to drunk driving, including the Abbas family. Let's  honor the memory of those affected by drunk driving.   