 Mr. President, over a decade ago, when President Obama  was in office and Apple's iPad was just hitting the market, our  intelligence agencies began to notice a disturbing pattern. Chinese- made communications equipment was multiplying across our country,  placed on top of cell towers throughout the Midwest.   Equipment made by Chinese State-backed companies like Huawei and ZTE  spread across my own home State of Nebraska, as well as nearby Colorado  and Montana.   Curiously, these technologies were clustering near critical military  locations in midwestern States. Nebraska is home to sensitive areas,  like Offutt Air Force Base and a number of nuclear missile silos.   Well, the FBI looked into it. And they discovered that at least one  Chinese company--Huawei--was regularly selling its equipment to rural  providers at cheap prices that appeared unprofitable. But once  installed, the equipment would be located right next to American  military assets.   The Chinese Communist Party is actively seeking ways to disrupt  Department of Defense communications. And that is why we cannot allow  communications equipment made in China next door to our military sites.   This is just one example of the pervasive threat Chinese-made  equipment in our communications networks poses to our national  security.   We know that the Chinese Communist Party intends to exploit these  vulnerabilities for all kinds of activities, including espionage.   That is why, in 2020, the Federal Communications Commission banned  the use of its funds to expand or maintain networks containing any  Huawei or ZTE equipment. Since then, the Commission banned all  equipment authorizations for several Chinese tech firms that pose  threats to national security--blocking their imports and sale.   We also passed a law in Congress approving $1.9 billion to secure our  communications infrastructure--to rip out the Chinese network gear and  replace it with secure equipment.   It has been years, but not all of this dangerous Chinese gear has  been replaced. Approximately 24,000 pieces of Chinese-made equipment  remain in 8,400 different locations across our country. Nearly all of  the 85 companies approved by the FCC are still waiting for that Federal  reimbursement money, because they aren't able to pay to replace the  technologies without help.   The FCC's program is facing a budget shortfall of $3.08 billion. The  sum of money that we first approved based on initial estimates is not  going to cut it.   That financial uncertainty means smaller, regional carriers--after  being mandated by the Federal Government to rip out the equipment-- won't receive the money they need to replace that high-risk Chinese  technology.   I have heard from rural carriers that this basically leaves them with  two options: one, go out of business; or, two, to never replace the  equipment after they remove it, and, instead, that would reduce the  size of their wireless networks.   Either option would be devastating for communities, especially  communities in rural areas. We need more, not less, connectivity. And  we need more, not fewer, jobs.   That is not just true in Nebraska but across this country.   Think about it. If these carriers go out of business or they reduce  coverage, that is going to leave thousands of residents without  wireless services--services that are essential for work, emergencies,  and life in the 20th century. And people traveling through these vast  areas of our country, they often won't have any services either.   Addressing this funding shortfall is urgent. The FCC has a July 15  deadline by which reimbursement requests are due. If Congress doesn't  act quickly to fix this issue before that July deadline, there won't be  enough funds to cover costs. This would impact communities in 49--49-- States, plus our United States territories.   Without action now, we face incomplete removal of high-risk Chinese  equipment from U.S. networks--wasting the money that Congress has  already passed.   I have introduced the Defend Our Networks Act to remedy this problem.  Protecting our national security is vital, and it is also vital that we  ensure the government's response to protect our security does not put  smaller companies out of business.   The Defend Our Networks Act does both. It would allocate $3.08  billion of unobligated COVID-19 emergency relief funds to the rip and  replace program. That is only 3 percent of the unobligated emergency  funds.   I introduced this bill with my colleague Senator Hickenlooper because  securing our communications infrastructure, it is a national, it is a  bipartisan, issue. The FCC commissioners, including Chairwoman  Rosenworcel, have come out in strong support, demonstrating the  importance of getting this done. Just a week ago, I had the opportunity  to question Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo about this big problem  that we have, and she agreed that we must address it immediately.   Over the coming weeks, I expect that we will continue to gain more  bipartisan momentum. And I will continue to push for the swift passage  of the Defend Our Networks Act, even as standalone legislation.   Spy balloons and secret police stations have recently reminded us of  the Chinese Communist Party's sly and underhanded espionage tactics. If  we cannot completely remove risky Chinese telecommunications equipment,  how can the American people expect us to defend them from the threats  that China poses?   We did the right thing when we passed the Secure and Trusted  Communication Networks Act to establish the rip and replace program.  Now, let's do the right thing again by completing the funding so that  we can follow through on what we said we would do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   