 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  382, the Pandemic is Over Act. I thank my friend and colleague from  Kentucky, Mr. Brett Guthrie, for leading this important effort.   This action is long overdue. This week we are voting on several bills  designed to do what we all in America have known for some time, that  the emergency declaration should go away. Constituents have been  asking--heck, demanding--that we end this perpetual state of COVID  emergencies in the Federal Government and get back to normal.   More than 4 months ago, President Biden declared that the COVID-19  pandemic was over, yet interestingly the Federal emergency declaration  is still in place. It makes you wonder, why would the President declare  that the pandemic is over but not officially rescind the emergency  declaration?   In fact, many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle seem  more concerned with keeping the public health emergency in place rather  than addressing the problems we are now being faced with: Things like  investigating the estimated $163 billion with a b in COVID unemployment  fraud and recovering those funds that were stolen from the American  taxpayers; or the approximately $150 billion in unobligated funds that  is just sitting there for COVID. That is a pretty easy way to start  reducing spending. Or how about the approximately half a trillion  dollars that has been obligated but hasn't been pushed out the door  yet?   Ask yourselves, who benefits from the emergency declaration remaining  in place?   It is a fact that the continuation of the public health emergency is  costing taxpayers billions of dollars and worsening already-crippling  inflation, inflation which is costing Florida families in my district  an estimated $10,000 extra a year in basic goods and services. I don't  know anyone who can afford an extra 10 grand a year.   The Federal mandates, like this, have increased private health  insurance costs and grossly exacerbated the ever-increasing national  debt that will be passed on to my generation, our children, and  grandchildren.   It is time to get our kids back to school, folks back to work, and  life back to normal. It is time for us to turn the page and end the  COVID-19 public health emergency powers. Let's get back to commonsense  fixes to our healthcare system. Let's get back to work on lowering  energy costs. Let's get back to work, and let's get back to work in  person.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 497, the  Freedom for Health Care Workers Act. This bill would repeal the Federal  CMS mandate imposed on healthcare workers nationwide.   On December 4, 2020, then-President-elect Joe Biden was asked  pointblank if he would mandate COVID-19 vaccines for Americans. His  answer? ``No, I don't think it should be mandatory. I wouldn't demand  it be mandatory.''   Well, as we came to find out and have since learned, you can't take  him at his word. By September 2021, the President's tone and position  on vaccine mandates did a complete 180. He said that he was getting  impatient and ``frustrated'' with unvaccinated Americans. He went so  far as to call it ``a pandemic of the unvaccinated.''   Mr. President, I hate to break it to you, but the American people do  not exist to please you or any President for that matter. We don't  simply comply because you are ``frustrated.'' Yet, it was his  impatience that led to this vaccine mandate.   I don't know about you, but I am not sure where in the Constitution  the government's powers over one's personal health decisions can be  found, but apparently, those signs that we see so often, particularly  outside the Supreme Court Chamber in bold letters screaming, ``My Body,  My Choice,'' are only applicable when it is a certain political agenda.    What we do know is that the Biden administration's authoritarian  COVID-19 vaccine mandate on our dedicated medical professionals is an  absolute abuse of power. It is an attack on the personal freedoms of  our frontline workers, and it has certainly unnecessarily exacerbated  the healthcare workforce shortage.   This bears repeating: We are not anti-vaccine. We are anti-mandate.  If you want the vaccine, great. Take it. If you don't, then don't. It  shouldn't be mandated.   As many of you in this Chamber know, my husband serves our local  community as a firefighter paramedic. At the height of COVID, as he was  showing up--not staying home--and continually responding to 911 calls  of folks who were getting sick, not once did a patient ask if he was  vaccinated. Not once did they demand that the firefighters who showed  up be vaccinated.   When they did answer the call, they went with honor and diligence,  and they continued to do their job. Not once did they ask if that  patient was vaccinated. Not once did fellow firefighters ask my husband  if he was vaccinated.   Likewise, as the hospitals filled up, doctors, nurses, medics, and  EMTs were working double and triple overtime, taking care of the sick,  comforting people who had been left to take their last breath alone as  families were left outside. They never once demanded a vaccinated  doctor, never once asked for a vaccinated nurse. They were doing their  jobs taking care of them because that is what they do. These are the  frontline workers, and it is time we stand up for them.   Today, in every congressional district in America, hospitals are  struggling with staffing shortages. We can address these shortages by  looking to the thousands of healthcare workers who were fired or left  their job because of this mandate.  [[Page H545]]    Let's stand up to the Big Government, one-size-fits-all power grab.  It is wrong. It ends today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   