 I ask unanimous consent the following Senators be  allowed to speak prior to the scheduled rollcall vote: myself for up to  20 minutes, Senator Carper for up to 5 minutes, Senator Boozman for up  to 30 seconds, Leader Schumer for as much time as he may consume.    Madam President, back in May, I was in Shelby County  to visit with 100 members of the Tennessee National Guard. They were  heading off on yet another deployment to the southern border.   These are some of the bravest and most capable people that you will  ever meet. Tennesseans depend on them to keep us safe during natural  disasters, to rescue lost hikers in the Great Smoky Mountain National  Park, and to defend the country from our adversaries overseas. Yet  there they were on their way to what many would call a war zone in  their own country to do the job that Joe Biden refuses to do.   They shouldn't have had to go, but they went because they knew that  no matter who was to blame for all this chaos, our Border Patrol agents  and local law enforcement needed help controlling it.   When I think back on my conversations with those servicemembers, I  can't help but notice the stark contrast between their focus on service  and sacrifice and the Biden administration's lack of regard for the  welfare of this country.   Over the past several years, the relationship between the American  people and their government has changed, but not for the better. At the  beginning of Biden's term, they were just baffled by what they were  seeing. All they could do was shake their heads in disbelief. But as  the months wore on, that disbelief gave way to genuine fear that this  President was digging a hole that they wouldn't be able to claw their  way out of no matter how hard they worked.    As it turns out, those fears were well-founded, and now, 3 years into  this administration, that fear has given way to outrage because this  President has made it abundantly clear that when it comes to pursuing  his radical agenda, he simply doesn't care whom it hurts.   The President may be happy to ignore the mess he has made, but  Tennesseans don't have that luxury. If they ignore the problems they  see, they suffer real consequences. If local law enforcement officers  just ignored the drugs flooding into their communities, even more  people would die from fentanyl overdoses and drug-related crime.   Every year, I meet with local leaders in each of our State's 95  counties, and the conversation turns to the border crisis every single  time. It is an unmitigated disaster, and they just don't understand why  the President refuses to do something about it.   If you talk to law enforcement in East Tennessee, they will tell you  that they are recording record levels of drug seizures. What they once  would apprehend in ounces they now measure in pounds.   Chief Jason Owens at the Border Patrol gave a ``week in review'' from  June 22 to 29. Here is some of what they apprehended. They know they  had 28,339 apprehensions. They also had an additional 6,100 ``get- aways.'' They apprehended 116 pounds of marijuana, 50 pounds of  fentanyl, and 2,056 pounds of cocaine. Where does much of the drugs  that are coming across with those ``got-aways'' end up? It ends up in  our communities.   A judge in Rhea County told me that 80 percent of the crime he sees  is drug-related. If they could get a handle on the drugs, they could  take care of much of the court cases and the prison population, but  they can't get a handle on it because the local dealers are not the  root of the problem. For every drug smuggler the Border Patrol manages  to catch and every pound of drugs they apprehend, you have that handful  of ``got-aways'' who escape into the country with drugs and contraband.   In Overton County, they said they haven't busted a local meth lab in  5 years. Here is why. The drug dealers have outsourced their entire  supply to the cartels because it is easier and cheaper to smuggle it in  than it is to make it themselves. The police can trace that supply  chain down I-75 to Atlanta and then right across the border into  Mexico.   Now when they respond to an overdose death, local officials have to  implement fentanyl protocols because they know it is the likely  culprit. The cartels add this to the drugs to make them that much more  addictive. Everything is laced with fentanyl. It is also very lethal in  small amounts. In Marion County, they are spending an astronomical  amount of money on autopsies because of this. As of May, they have  spent $80,000, and almost all of those deaths are fentanyl-related.   These local officials are desperate for help. They know this is this  administration's fault because the situation escalated when the Biden  administration moved into the White House.   Here is what the President did: He terminated ``Remain in Mexico.''  He terminated title 42. He terminated DNA testing at the border. And  his rhetoric made it clear that he would rather pander to the left than  admit that Trump-era border policies were working. Then he left local  law enforcement to fend for themselves.   They need our support. When title 42 ended, I introduced the Make the  Migrant Protection Protocols Mandatory Act. That would reinstate the  successful ``Remain in Mexico'' policy. I also introduced the End Child  Trafficking Now Act, which would reinstate DNA testing at the border  and thwart the child trafficking rings that President Biden has allowed  to flourish. If we passed these two bills, we could give Border Patrol  and local law enforcement a fighting chance against the cartels.   But the problem goes much deeper than just preventing illegal entry  into the country. When Joe Biden took office, he threw the rule of law  out the window. Since then, we have watched Biden and his supporters  ignore the  [[Page S2271]]  Constitution, attack our most important institutions, ignore the law,  enable corruption, and slander their fellow countrymen as violent  racists.   Tennesseans take issue with that and with the judges and the  bureaucrats whom President Biden has nominated to write this partisan  rhetoric into law. Over the past several years, this body has  considered nominees to some of the most critical positions in  government who were little more than political activists, and that is  putting it mildly.   We have questioned judicial nominees who are unfamiliar with the  Constitution, potential Agency heads with almost no experience in the  industries they seek to regulate, and Cabinet nominees who have  demonstrated their commitment to burning down institutions and norms  that conflict with their radical views. But the one thing they all have  in common is they have agreed to rubberstamp the Biden agenda.   The local leaders I see in my county tours see the chaos this is  causing. They see two tiers of justice at work, and they are very  concerned about it, especially when they see administration officials  egging on leftist fanatics seeking to undermine the rule of law at any  cost.   For example, Federal law makes it clear that it is illegal to protest  outside of a judge's home with the intent of influencing a ruling. It  is common sense. But after the Supreme Court's Dobbs opinion leaked,  far-left protesters immediately began demonstrating outside of the  Justices' homes. The Biden DOJ has yet to arrest a single protester,  which means that the Biden DOJ has in effect endorsed the intimidation  of Supreme Court Justices who refuse to rubberstamp the Biden agenda.   Earlier this year, I introduced the Protecting Our Supreme Court  Justices Act, which significantly increases the maximum jail time for  any individual who violates this law. I am sure that under a future  administration, it will serve as an effective deterrent to this  disgusting behavior.    But imagine being a law enforcement officer in Tennessee and seeing  this complete breakdown of law and order in our Nation's Capital at the  highest levels of government. How much faith do you think they have in  this administration to help them control the flow of drugs and violent  criminals into their communities? How seriously do you think they take  the Democrats' promises to fight for safe streets when this body  continues to confirm judicial nominees who promise to undermine the  rule of law? Unlike the Biden administration, they can't change the  rules whenever they feel like it, they can't use the bureaucracy to  stack the deck in their favor, and they can't put their friends in  charge to cover for them if they get caught breaking the law.   Our local law enforcement officials deserve better. Tennesseans  deserve better. The American people deserve better. But right now, they  have to do the best they can fighting a losing battle on two fronts-- against criminals trying to exploit them and against a President who  knows exactly what is happening but just doesn't care enough to do  something about it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   