 Madam Speaker, today, we honor a former Member of this  body, a lifelong servant to the people of Akron and Summit County, and  my friend, Tom Sawyer.   Tom died this week following a long illness, and I first want to  extend my sincere and deepest sympathies to his wife, Joyce, his  daughter Amanda, and all who knew and loved him.   In 1986, then-city of Akron Mayor Tom Sawyer launched his campaign  for Congress. A constituent shared with me that my father was at that  announcement, but he had to leave early to meet my mother, who was at  the hospital after she had just delivered me. We were on our way home.   Tom was the last person from Akron to serve in this body of Congress,  and I am honored to follow in his footsteps and his legacy as a Member  of Congress from the city of Akron, the Birthplace of Champions, of  course.   Tom was born and raised in our hometown of Akron, and he dedicated  his life to our community through nearly 50 years of service, including  as an English teacher, mayor of Akron, State representative, State  school board member, and Congressperson serving in this Chamber.   A proud graduate of Buchtel High School and the University of Akron,  Tom was a champion for our school system and made it his mission to  ensure every student in northeast Ohio had access to high-quality  education and an opportunity to succeed.   While we were members of the Ohio State legislature, I had the  opportunity to work alongside Tom to represent the city of Akron and  watched his commitment to the people of our community. He was a staunch  advocate for Medicaid expansion, our public schools, and ending  partisan gerrymandering.   In fact, Tom and I were also neighbors. We lived on the same street,  and we served each other in the legislature, yet we were represented by  two different Members of Congress.    I will sincerely miss my friend, my mentor, my neighbor, and a true,  dedicated public servant, Tom Sawyer.   Without a doubt, former Congressman Sawyer left a mark on Akron, the  State of Ohio, and this country. His impact will always be felt in  these Halls and the city of Akron and across the country.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on House Republicans to  stop the partisan politics and pay our bills.   It is my top priority to ensure everyone in Ohio's 13th Congressional  District feels safe and secure at every stage of their lives, but the  Republicans' manufactured crisis, forcing an impossible choice between  devastating cuts or devastating default, directly undermines the safety  and security of the people of Ohio's 13th District.   House Republicans' demands would jeopardize Social Security payments  for 110,000 seniors in places like Stow, Hudson, and Twinsburg.   It would cut Medicare, Medicaid, and Veterans Affairs health coverage  benefits for 322,000 families in cities like Barberton and Akron.   It would threaten the retirement savings of 109,000 northeast Ohioans  who worked so hard so that they could retire securely. That is over  half of my district, Mr. Speaker.   Republicans' demands significantly cut Federal support to local law  enforcement agencies and slash crime prevention grants heading into the  summer.   Law enforcement agencies in my district, in Stark County, are already  understaffed and struggling to fill more than 80 positions across the  county.    Why, Mr. Speaker, do you want my people to suffer? Ohio's  13th District cannot afford these cuts. They will make our communities  less safe.    I will not yield back while the Republicans are holding  our communities hostage and making our communities----   