 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I rise today in strong support of my amendment to H.R.  347, the Reduce Exacerbated Inflation Negatively Impacting the Nation  Act.   My amendment underscores the fact that it is not the sole  responsibility of the executive office of the President to reduce  inflation, but that productive, bipartisan legislative action is the  best way that we can collectively combat inflation and bring down the  cost of living.   I represent southern Nevada, a part of the country that has been  especially hit hard by the price hikes driven up by the pandemic,  supply chain disruptions, and Putin's invasion of Ukraine.   Nevadan families have been hurting. They have been forced to make  difficult decisions about how to make ends meet and how to provide for  their loved ones for far too long, and they are tired of finger- pointing. They are done with partisan potshots and bickering that  achieve nothing to help them make ends meet.   Although the pace of inflation has slowed since hitting a peak last  summer, the cost of living continues to remain far too high, and that  is why they and the rest of America are calling on Congress for us to  do our job, to take real action, and to provide relief. That is what we  owe them.   We made progress in this direction during the last Congress with the  CHIPS and Science Act, the bipartisan infrastructure package, and other  landmark bills that continue to help strengthen our supply chains and  relieve price pressures.   This Congress we need to continue that legacy and set aside political  posturing and instead advance more thoughtful legislation that will  actually bring down costs and meet the needs of our constituents.   I have said it before, and I will say it again: Congress is at our  best when we put policy first and politics last.   I implore all of my colleagues to support this amendment because  finding bipartisan compromise and real progress on our Nation's most  pressing issue is not only right, it is what we were sent here to do.   Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin).    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   