 Mr. Chair, President Biden's threat to  veto H.R. 1 tells everything we need to know about the bill. It will  unleash American energy and bring down energy costs.   H.R. 1, the Lower Energy Costs Act, is about increasing domestic  production, permitting reform, streamlining energy exports, and  reversing President Biden's anti-energy agenda.   In the first week of Joe Biden's Presidency, he stopped American  energy production by halting needed permits for energy production and  shutting down the Keystone pipeline, also sending home 300 West  Virginians who were out there working. He drained our Strategic  Petroleum Reserves while failing to fix the problems that he had  created.   Americans are sick of these policies, which is why they elected a  Republican majority to be a needed check on the Biden administration's  war on American energy.   H.R. 1 is necessary to jump-start American energy production, and is  one of many crucial energy policies that I am looking forward to  supporting.   Mr. Chair, I wish to enter into a colloquy with the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), my good friend, the majority leader.    Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman  from Louisiana.    Mr. Chair, I thank Leader Scalise for  taking the time to highlight such an important project. He has been a  champion of American energy and the Mountain Valley pipeline is a great  example of domestic energy production.   I am from an energy-producing State and I have seen and lived the  effects of bad energy policy coming out of Washington, which is exactly  why I came to Congress to fight for West Virginians and my like-minded  fellow Americans.   Today, I am introducing the complete American pipelines act, a bill  to complete the Mountain Valley pipeline and other America-first  projects that have been needlessly held up by leftwing radical courts.   All gas from the Mountain Valley pipeline will supply domestic energy  markets.    Mr. Chair, this means lower energy  prices across the country as supply will dramatically increase. The  Mountain Valley pipeline is crucial to American energy. Remember that  Americans' energy security is our American security.    