 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman McCaul for yielding the  time and for this resolution. I rise in support of the resolution.   Literally, from the heart of Missouri's Second Congressional  District, there I was, in the suburbs of St. Louis County, as I watched  this spy balloon with my own eyes. I wasn't the only one. I was getting  calls from friends and family all over Missouri who were horrified that  this was allowed to happen.   We watched in real time from our backyards and workplaces as a  foreign aircraft equipped with spyware navigated over our  neighborhoods, our military installations, and our vital  infrastructure.   As this spy balloon approached Alaska, the response should have been  crystal clear. It should have been shot down before it entered our  skies. Instead, the Biden administration waffled again. They knowingly  allowed a foreign military aircraft equipped with spyware to invade  U.S. sovereign territory and navigate itself unimpeded all across the  country, putting the privacy of countless Americans at risk.   Communist China issued a deliberate and serious provocation. Instead  of responding with strength and resolve, the administration showed the  dictatorship in Beijing that they could again be bullied.   President Biden's weakness and indecision send a dangerous signal to  our adversaries like Iran, Russia, and North Korea, and it certainly  does not give confidence to our allies.   It is unconscionable that the administration waited so long to take  action and protect our national security, infrastructure, and military  assets. The administration needs to take action to correct its mistake  and to restore American deterrence.   Congress must get to the bottom of this deeply disturbing episode. We  have a duty to our constituents, many of whom feel much less safe today  than they did at about this time a week ago.   I can tell you that that is the case in Missouri's Second  Congressional District, where families literally watched as a foreign  military aircraft flew over their private property, collecting data  about their lives to send back to Beijing.   Mr. Speaker, this must never happen again. I urge my colleagues to  join me in supporting H. Res. 104.   