 Mr. President, just yesterday, all of us returned to the  U.S. Capitol following a 5-week stretch where we exercised the  opportunity to meet with our constituents in our homes, visit updated  projects and attend events in our respective States; and some of us  traveled across the country and around the world to expand our  understanding and gather lessons so that we can apply that to our work  here in Washington.   I was able to accomplish this at home by attending my State's annual  economic development summit, where I met business leaders from all  across West Virginia on a variety of issues from a variety of fields.   Through meetings with individuals in specific industries, I was able  to share the landscape that I currently see in Washington and hear  about the specific policies that are impacting West Virginia most  directly. I was also able to attend a really great event, a ribbon- cutting ceremony for a brandnew high school in Kanawha County. This  school, Herbert Hoover High School, had been decimated--the former  school--in 2016 by floods, and we all gathered there and celebrated  something that was really awful into something very joyful. And our own  home State Brad Paisley came and gave us a concert to celebrate with.   During the ceremony, the West Virginia spirit was really palpable as  the community worked hard to remedy the scars from that horrible flood.  It was a special occasion, and I think it proved to me and to all of us  the resiliency that defines the people of my State, and I would say  Connecticut as well.   The August work period also provided the opportunity for me to lead  an all-women Congressional delegation of bipartisan, bicameral members  to the Indo-Pacific region. The trip kind of had a dual mission. The  first was to discuss national and global security and energy in the  Indo-Pacific region. The second was to explore issues related to the  empowerment of women and girls--the status of women in sports--and  building on current momentum in that space.   To do both in a week is certainly a tall order, as the two are  seemingly disconnected. We went hoping, originally, obviously, to see  the U.S. women's soccer team play in the World Cup. We didn't quite get  to see them, but we did see all of the excitement around the Women's  World Cup, and we did get to see a great match between Japan and  Sweden.   But the experience we gained proved that these topics are really more  related than what meets the eye. The center focus that binds these two  missions that we had together are our U.S. values. These values have  tangible power, and our ability to lead by our values displays the  influence that our Nation has in both of these areas.   When Congress passed title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972,  sex discrimination and education programs and activities offered by any  entity that receives Federal financial assistance was barred. It was  monumental legislation for women and women's sports.   This forever changed the way that women participate in our society  and has paved the way for life-changing scholarships, a dramatic change  in women's participation in our economy, and the consequent rise of  U.S. women's sports.   The ascension of women's involvement in sports has created a ripple  effect that is not just felt in our country--we certainly saw it  halfway around the world--but around the entire globe. American coaches  and former players have traveled globally to inspire and encourage the  next generation of female athletes. Businesses have funded and  broadcast women's games, as they didn't in the past. And in America,  girls' participation in high school sports continues to rise, with 3.3  million girls competing in high school sports in the 2022 school year.   The truth is, the growth of women's sports, both domestically and  internationally, is a result of that increased role that women now  embody. Communities and countries around the world, including our own  country, are more likely to be peaceful and successful when women fully  participate in society.   The world has begun to realize that this kind of support is simply  the right thing to do and is now embracing the values that the United  States has led with.   Our codel saw this directly through our travel in Australia and New  Zealand and our meeting with leaders from the Women's World Cup. We met  with the U.S. leaders, and we met with the international leaders. And  while the United States didn't take home that title this year, our  presence alone continues to have an impact in every tournament where  the Stars and Stripes are represented.   Now, the question remains, how is women's empowerment a metaphor-- sports I am talking about too--a metaphor for global security? Well,  here in Congress we have supported Ukraine not just in defense of  democratic values and territorial sovereignty, but also because it  advances U.S. security interests and deterrence.   The United States has led the push to bring together allies from  Europe and across the world to not just understand the threat created  by Putin, but to respond to it with strength.   We have made that progress by leading with our values and with our  interests to stop aggression in its tracks, whether it is in Europe or  elsewhere.   The United States has shown the way through significant bipartisan  military support. Our global leadership against aggression and  autocratic land grabs has built a formidable opposition that Russia  simply did not anticipate and that China can see clearly every single  day.   For example, our codel witnessed joint exercises in the Australian  seas that were the first of their kind between India, New Zealand,  Australia, and the United States. Japan has, for the first time,  committed more than 2 percent of its gross domestic product to defense.  Sweden and Finland have just recently joined NATO. The EU is buying  more crude oil from the United States as they divest from Russia. And  new economic partnerships are cropping up globally as a result of our  U.S. leadership.   The tie between women's empowerment and global security is an  American values-based leadership. The members of our bipartisan and  bicameral codel--we saw that firsthand. As our leadership and values  inspire nations across the globe, we must respect, encourage, and  celebrate those that exemplify it.   You know, you don't have power if you don't use it; but by working  together, our strong leadership here in the United States can continue  to change the world.   I really cherished the opportunity to gain experience, knowledge, and  perspective from our leaders at the headquarters of the U.S. Indo- Pacific Command, as well as leaders throughout the region, when it  comes to domestic and international security matters and energy issues  in the Indo-Pacific.   I am also thankful for the company and counsel from the other members  of our codel: Senators Cindy Hyde-Smith from Mississippi,  Representative Chrissy Houlahan from Pennsylvania, Representative Kathy  Castor from Florida, and Representative Nicole Malliotakis from New  York, as well as their steadfast desire that we all share together to  engage on these topics and issues.   There is no doubt that Congress has an extensive list of challenges  facing us in the coming month, but I am really confident in our ability  to meet the needs of our country--both domestically and abroad--and to  exemplify that value-based leadership that was evident throughout our  trip.   I yield the floor.   