 Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  urge my colleagues to keep moving this bipartisan CR forward and remind  them that this isn't the be-all, end-all of legislating this year. I  really appreciate the efforts, including considering a different  message in this bill.   I have a message for everyone who still wants this bill to do a  little bit more. This is not the last bill this Congress is ever going  to pass, but it is how we avoid a devastating shutdown. The issue that  the Senator from Virginia just talked about in terms of making sure we  are strong--not just here at home, but across the globe--I can assure  you, whatever other issue you care about, whether it is childcare or  the border or farmers or schools or air travel or rural healthcare or  veterans, you name it--a government shutdown is not going to make it  better. It will hurt our families. It will hurt our economy, and it  will hurt our national security. And, by the way, it is going to be  more expensive than just keeping things open.   That is why the first order of business for all of us, no matter what  you care about, has to be getting our bipartisan CR passed. Once we  take care of priority No. 1 and keep the lights on, we can and we  obviously will keep talking about how to deal with the pressing  challenges of childcare, the border, natural disasters, and more. And  we can get back to passing our 12 bipartisan appropriations bills to  provide full-year funding.   Let's get this done so we can avoid a complete disaster for families  and get back to making progress on all the other issues we all care  about. I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the motion to invoke cloture  on the substitute.  [[Page S4887]]    I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have been down here all week, saying  again and again that the only way that we are going to avoid a shutdown  is with a CR that can get bipartisan support to quickly pass the House  and Senate, and we have been working nonstop to pass that commonsense,  bipartisan CR that I put together with my colleagues across the aisle.   But, tonight, we had a bill from the House that passed in a  bipartisan way, with nearly every House Democrat voting in support, and  I am now glad the Senate has been able to pass it, as well, and get it  the President's desk for his signature. This bill does not contain the  devastating cuts House Republicans were pushing just yesterday. It does  not contain the ineffective, partisan border provisions they were  demanding. So there were good reasons to vote for it.   First and foremost, it will prevent a senseless government shutdown,  one that House Republicans have been pushing us toward for weeks. But  this bill also meets the President's full request for disaster relief  funds, and that is good and important to so many of us. It will ensure  that our brave Federal firefighters don't see a drastic pay cut, and it  maintains current funding levels through November 17.   We know a CR is never a good long-term policy outcome, but it is  certainly good to see that some House Republicans have, at least for  this moment, given up the fruitless and cruel cuts they were demanding  just yesterday. It is good to see some of those Members coming to their  senses.   But we also have to be clear about where this bill falls seriously  short, why we found ourselves in this moment, and how House  Republicans' recklessness has caused so much unnecessary chaos, because  let's be clear: There is a lot of work left to do now that we have  passed this bill.   First, we have to absolutely do more to support our allies in  Ukraine. Dictators across the world are watching. Will we stand with  democracy? I say yes. The Senate absolutely will stand with our friends  in Ukraine as they continue to defend themselves against Putin's brutal  invasion, because continuing to support Ukraine is not just about  addressing a humanitarian crisis; it is also about our own national  security, what kind of world we want to live in. It is in America's  national security interest to send a strong message to dictators like  Putin that they cannot just invade a sovereign nation and steamroll  democracy wherever and whenever they want.   And let's make sure we are crystal clear about this: There are strong  bipartisan supermajorities in both Chambers that have shown they  understood that. Just a few days ago, support for Ukraine got over 330  votes in the House--3 in 4 House Members. The United States does not  abandon its allies, and the United States will not give Putin a free  pass to continue his brutal war of aggression.   I need to make it clear: We are sticking with our allies in Ukraine,  and we are not letting up. We are going to make sure we get this done,  period. So I will work with all of my colleagues to make certain we  stand with Ukraine and deliver the resources in a supplemental we know  are so vital at this moment and do it in a timely manner.   I know my vice chair shares that commitment. We both look forward to  continuing our efforts and working with many colleagues on both sides  of the aisle.   We, of course, also need to take action to address the childcare  crisis, especially as the funding cliff makes things even worse for  parents, providers, and our economy.   To my Republican colleagues, I am positive you are hearing from your  constituents on this. I am ready to work with anyone to make progress  here. So please talk to me, and let's work together on that front.   Now, let me also say that there was no reason for it to come this  close. House Republicans should have worked with us from the very  start. Instead, they spent weeks entertaining the most extreme ideas  from their far right, spending the last week voting on really extreme  appropriations bills that would not even, actually, have averted a  shutdown--appropriations bills that would deny our servicemembers the  ability to get the reproductive care they need in emergencies, severely  restricting women's access to medication abortion in every State; bills  that would decimate rural communities, eliminate essential resources  for our diplomats abroad, and so much more.    And then, just yesterday, they proposed an across-the-board 30- percent cut to virtually all domestic spending. They wanted to gut  funding, come Monday, for childcare, support for K-12 schools, law  enforcement, heating assistance for families on tight budgets, air  traffic controllers, lifesaving cancer research, and much more. Even  that proposal, apparently, wasn't enough for the most extreme Members  of the House Republican conference, and it went down in flames.   But let's not forget--and I know the American people won't--that the  vast majority of House Republicans voted, just yesterday, to gut  programs families count on--programs that keep all of us safe--by 30  percent. Needless to say, I am glad to see some of them have, at least  for the moment, abandoned those cruel efforts to slash funding for  families, with no rhyme or reason.   Now, as we look ahead, I urge my House Republican colleagues to spare  us and the American people the unnecessary drama and chaos, and learn  to work with your colleagues, not against them.   Look, the Speaker and the President shook hands on a deal. Congress  passed it into law. We are going to stick with it. I voted for this  bill today with a firm commitment that, here in the Senate, we will not  waste any time in moving forward to support our Ukrainian allies and a  continued determination to make bipartisan progress on the many issues  we need to address.   And, of course, we still need to pass all 12 of our bipartisan  appropriations bills so we aren't back here in a few weeks.   On that note, we need to get moving to the Military Construction- Veterans Affairs, T-HUD, and Ag appropriations minibus that a few of my  colleagues--very few of them--have been blocking. I hope both leaders  will facilitate the vice chair and I getting back to work on those  bills in the next few days. And as we pass short-term CRs, we need to  make progress and begin conferencing our spending bills with the House  to avoid another CR or an omnibus at the end of this year, which I know  my colleagues are focused on avoiding.   If we are going to get any of that done, it has to be bipartisan. It  is going to involve our being serious and focused on getting our job  done to have real results for the American people.   If there is one lesson for House Republicans to take from the  absolute  [[Page S4897]]  chaos they have caused this past week, it is that partisanship is not a  path forward; it is a path to chaos. The only way to avoid a shutdown,  the only way to get things done, especially in a divided Congress, is  to sit down with the other side and do the hard work of negotiating,  talking to one another, not to cave to the most extreme Members of your  caucus or go back on your word.   I think most of us have known that from the start. Apparently,  Speaker McCarthy needed to learn that lesson the hard way. Now it is  time for him to show he has truly learned it. I urge him not to retreat  back to a partisan corner, not to push for extreme partisan spending  bills that go back on the deal he made just a few months ago. If you  follow the most extreme Members of your party and go down that same  partisan path, they are going to lead you to the same dead end.   The American people need us to move forward. They need us to work  together. The senior Senator from Maine and I have 12 bipartisan bills  in the Senate. We drafted them after many hearings and serious debate  and discussion with Members on both sides of the aisle, and they passed  our committee in overwhelming bipartisan votes--unanimous or near- unanimous votes. These are serious bills that can be signed into law.   Let's now leave behind the partisan politics being championed by the  loudest voices, who are the farthest on the right, and come together so  we can help people and solve problems just like we were sent to do.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   