 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Keating for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this important resolution  responding to the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Turkiye and Syria as a  result of the devastating earthquakes on February 6 and the many, many  aftershocks.   The death toll from this tragedy is approaching 50,000 men, women,  and children. Thousands more are injured, hundreds of thousands of  buildings are destroyed, and millions of survivors have been displaced  from their homes--many now residing in temporary shelters with  inadequate food, heat, water, and medical care.   I commend the gentleman making this resolution. I commend the Biden  administration for its swift response to this crisis. Through USAID and  the State Department, the United States Government quickly mobilized  search-and-rescue teams, allocated $185 million in humanitarian  assistance, and continues to deliver vital relief supplies to first  responders.   Rebuilding from this disaster will not be easy, and the road ahead is  long. We call upon the governments in this area to support the people,  to support their recovery, and to support their rebuilding.   This resolution is a symbol of our commitment to ensuring we continue  to deliver assistance to those so gravely impacted by this tragedy.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Wilson, and I thank Congressman  Keating for his leadership in this important resolution.   God bless the people of Turkiye and Syria.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R.  1059, the SECURE Notarization Act, which I have had the pleasure to  work on with Representative Armstrong from North Dakota.   The SECURE Notarization Act would authorize nationwide use of remote  online notarization and would include key consumer protections such as  multifactor authentication and the use of tamper-evident technology.  The bill would also ensure interstate recognition of remote online  notarization.   Importantly, the SECURE Notarization Act sets a floor for the use of  remote online notarization and States will be able to regulate further  protections as they decide.   The pandemic taught us both the necessity and the benefits of new  technologies used to streamline services for consumers across  industries.   Remote online notarization has been and should continue to be a time- saving, convenient, and safe way for consumers to execute important  documents.   Notarizations are used extensively, as we all know, in real estate  transactions and other key areas, including  [[Page H896]]  affidavits, powers of attorney, and living trusts. Remote online  notarizations allow the consumer, the notary, and other parties to a  transaction to be in different locations using two-way, audiovisual  communication to securely notarize documents.   This process provides consumers and businesses with much-needed  flexibility. This is the key.   Remote online notarization allows flexibility for people who are  chronically ill or immobile, for parents who can't get away from work  or taking care of children, for servicemembers abroad seeking to buy a  home or correct their wills.   I know well the impact this bill could have for notaries public  across the country. When I served as a State representative, most  members of our team were notaries and our office served as a notary hub  for the local community. We learned firsthand how many people struggled  to find time for appointments often because of childcare,  transportation, or because of poor health.   Remote online notarization would have allowed us to streamline our  performance and better provide service to our community.   Last Congress, as has been stated, this bill was cosponsored by more  than 120 Members and passed the House by a vote of 336-90. It is  supported by a coalition of 20 industry partners. Simply, it is a  commonsense piece of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chair McMorris Rodgers and Ranking Member  Pallone for their support for this bill and for bringing it to the  floor.   Finally, I thank the lead on this legislation, Congressman Kelly  Armstrong, for all his hard work and good humor as we work to get this  bill across the finish line, as well as the work of his staff in  helping make this a strong piece of bipartisan legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill.   