 Madam President, I come to the floor today to honor my  friend CWO5 Joseph Lemens II, who we lost suddenly in November.   Joe worked as hard as he laughed. He was full of energy and empty of  ego. In many ways, he was the epitome of what a ``Soldier,'' with a  capital ``S,'' should be.   He was dedicated to service--service to his most beloved and to those  with whom he was barely acquainted, service to his dearest neighbors in  Illinois and to total strangers throughout his four deployments to the  Middle East.   Joe first enlisted in the U.S. Army Reserves when he was just 17  years old  [[Page S497]]  and then served continually for the next 42 years until his retirement  last March. His work ethic was tireless, and sacrifices he made for his  Nation were immeasurable. He was selfless and giving. He would be the  first one to offer to lend a hand, and then would refuse to accept  payment for his good deed.   He seemed quiet until you got to know him. Then his laugh made you  laugh so hard that, eventually, you forgot why you were both laughing  at all.   As a fellow pilot, I especially appreciated the way he gravitated  toward machines, the way he loved having the power of an engine,  whether it be a snowmobile or a Black Hawk helicopter, at his  fingertips. As his commanding officer for my years as a Mad Dog, I  couldn't have asked for a better maintenance test pilot, although I  always questioned the sanity of anyone who would fly broken helicopters  on purpose.   I considered myself lucky that Joe was a member of our battalion when  we were in Iraq. Maintenance officers, you see, and especially those  like Joe, are a rare commodity, and Joe was one of the best.   When we got back to U.S. soil, after I was wounded and could no  longer get from point A to point B like I used to, I was even luckier  to have Joe show up at my house one day with his toolbox in tow, ready  to remodel my home to make it completely wheelchair accessible.   He combined the grit of a midwesterner with the grace of faith. He  combined the resilience of a soldier with the brilliance of an  engineer. I know he will be dearly missed. He already is. My thoughts  are with his wife Kathryn and his children and his newborn grandson Joe  Lemens IV, whom he was able to see. I thank them for sharing Joe with  us for all those years and for their own service to our great Nation.   We will all miss Joe, but we will forever catch an echo of his  larger-than-life laugh whenever we hear his favorite sound: the smooth  rumble of a well-cared-for engine.   I yield the floor.   