 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 597, I call up  the bill (H.R. 3941) to prohibit the use of the facilities of a public  elementary school, a public secondary school, or an institution of  higher education to provide shelter for aliens who have not been  admitted into the United States, and for other purposes, and ask for  its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on H.R. 3941.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3941, the Schools Not  Shelters Act. In simplest terms, this bill ensures that any public K-12  or postsecondary education institution that houses illegal aliens will  not receive a penny of funding from hardworking taxpayers.   Tens of thousands of illegal aliens are pouring into cities across  the country, and this administration does nothing to secure the  southern border. At its height in May, the average number of illegal  border crossings averaged 10,000 per day. It is unsustainable and a  slap in the face of Americans and those who come legally.   What is worse, Biden's allies at the State and local level have  proposed using public school facilities to accommodate the influx.   Schools are for educating students, not housing illegal aliens. That  statement shouldn't be controversial. Yet, somewhere along the way, the  left diverged from reality and lost sight of what is best for students.   Take New York, for example. New York City Mayor Eric Adams recently  announced plans to allocate up to 30 public school gymnasiums as  overflow to house illegal aliens. Governor Hochul doubled down by  expressing interest in housing 1,500 illegal aliens in dorms at a few  SUNY campuses.   Adult illegal aliens, not children, were already being housed in  Brooklyn at Public School 188 facilities by mid-May. Because of the  thousands of migrants coming into New York City every week, New York  City officials have stated they are in no position to take anything off  the table when it comes to housing migrants.   Unfortunately, these actions set a precedent for other localities to  follow. For example, in Chicago, 800 illegal aliens are being housed in  two colleges.   H.R. 4931 puts a stop to this and for good reason. First, housing  illegal aliens in public schools diverts educational resources away  from students already reeling from the effects of prolonged school  closures during the pandemic.   An entire generation of students has fallen behind academically. If  you want proof, look no further than the latest NAEP student test  scores for math, reading, civics, and history. They are abysmal.   Every educational resource available must be aimed at getting  students back on track. Unfortunately, that is not a reality for many  school districts.   In El Paso, surges in illegal aliens required the city to spend  $300,000 a day in 1 month alone. That is nearly $10 million in 1 month,  every dollar of which should have gone to students and our citizens.   Second, these policies drain institution budgets. It was reported  that campuses within the University of Maine system that considered  housing illegal aliens found that doing so would require millions to  renovate unused facilities.   Beyond giving an old building a facelift, consider the recurring  costs: electricity, water, and transportation, and those are just the  basics. Make no mistake; institutions that bear increased costs to  house illegal aliens will ultimately transfer that burden to students  through tuition hikes or the American taxpayer.   Third, these actions perpetuate this administration's illegal border  policies. Like many of the left's policies, they are shortsighted and  do not address the root challenges that they are intended to solve.  Housing illegal aliens in educational facilities is no different.   President Biden caused this mess at the southern border. He, along  with his allies at the local and State level, should be the ones paying  for their disastrous policies, not schoolchildren or postsecondary  students.   Above all, consider this: No State, no city, no school district, and  no institution is immune to the effects of an open border. Because of  President Biden, every State has become a border State.   What we are voting on in the Schools Not Shelters Act is a change of  priorities; putting students and taxpayers above the failed policies of  President Biden. The Schools Not Shelters Act sends a message that  Republicans will not stand for the left's sanctuary cities that  continue to run cover for this administration. Nothing outweighs the  success and safety of students.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Molinaro), who introduced this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good), chair of the Health, Employment, Labor, and  Pensions Subcommittee of the Education and the Workforce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Bean), who is chair of the Early Childhood, Elementary,  and Secondary Education Subcommittee of the Education and the Workforce  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. D'Esposito).    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, housing illegal aliens in public educational facilities  is downright dangerous, drains educational resources, and distracts  school districts and universities from their primary mission of  educating students.   This Chamber sees many rigorous debates about all types of issues  facing the American people. I never imagined there would be a debate  over the primary function of schools. Since when did schools being used  for learning become a novel idea?   The Schools Not Shelters Act delivers a dose of reality to the Biden  administration and the left who are putting students second to their  open border policies. Enough is enough.   I urge my colleagues to vote for this important bill and stand up for  students' well-being and academic success.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   