 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2792,  the Small Entity Update Act.   H.R. 2792 would require the Securities and Exchange Commission to  carry out a study and rulemaking on the definition of the term ``small  entity'' for purposes of the securities laws, and other purposes.   Agencies are required to consider the impact of their rules on small  entities under the Regulatory Flexibility Act.   Under the bill, the SEC must provide specific and detailed  recommendations to Congress on how the SEC can revise the definition of  small entity to (1) align with specified statutory goals, including  reducing unnecessary burdens on small entities; and (2) to expand the  number of entities covered.   Currently, the term ``small entity'' includes any definition  established by the SEC of the term ``small business'', ``small  organization'', or ``small governmental jurisdiction'', with respect to  the activities of the Commission.   This bill would direct the SEC to modernize the criteria it uses to  define a ``small entity'' to reflect the growth of the U.S. economy and  the evolution of the capital markets since the last time the small  entity definition was addressed.   H.R. 2792 requests the study occur no later than one year after the  date of enactment of this Act, and once every 5 years after.   The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimates implementation of  this bill would cost about $2 million over the 2023-2028 period.   However, since the SEC is authorized to collect fees each year to  offset its annual appropriation, CBO expects that the net effect on  discretionary spending over the 2023-2028 period would be negligible,  assuming appropriation actions consistent with that authority.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2795,  the Enhancing Multi-Class Share Disclosures Act.   H.R. 2795 would amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require  issuers with a multi-class stock structure to make certain disclosures  in any proxy or consent solicitation material, and for other purposes.   A multi-class share structure occurs when a company issues two or  more classes of shares that have different voting rights.   Under the bill, the issuer must disclose certain information about  each director, director nominee, named executive officer, and each  beneficial owner of securities with 5% or more of the total combined  voting power of all classes of securities entitled to vote in the  election of directors.   Specifically, the issuer must disclose (1) the number of shares of  all classes of securities entitled to vote in the election of directors  beneficially owned by such person, and (2) the amount of voting power  held by such person.   The Enhancing Multi-Class Share Disclosures Act is both timely and  necessary to close documented gaps in transparency around multi-class  governance structures.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2796 the  Promoting Opportunities for Non-Traditional Capital Formation Act,  which expands the functions of the Securities and Exchange Commission's  Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation.   Additionally, this bill amends the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to  require the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation to provide  educational resources and host events to promote capital raising  options for traditionally underrepresented small businesses, and for  other purposes.   Specifically, the office must provide educational resources and host  events to promote capital-raising options for underrepresented small  businesses and businesses in rural areas.   Furthermore, the office must meet annually with representatives of  state securities commissions to discuss opportunities for collaboration  and coordination.   The passage of this legislation is essential for people in my home  state of Texas and the constituents of the 18th Congressional District.   In the Houston metro area, 82 percent of operating firms have fewer  than 20 employees.   Together, all these businesses employ around 400,000 workers, about  14 percent of the regional workforce, according to the U.S. Census  Bureau's Business Dynamics Statistics.   Nearly 97 percent of businesses in the region have fewer than 500  employees, the standard to be considered a small business, and  collectively employ around 44 percent of the region's workforce.   Additionally, the unemployment rate for Houston is around 4.9  percent.   Small businesses play an important role in creating jobs and  advancing economic stability for the American people.   The Promoting Opportunities for Non-Traditional Capital Formation Act  will work to provide resources to further help small businesses.   I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2797 the  Equal Opportunity for All Investors Act of 2023, which expands who  would be considered an accredited investor for the purposes of  participating in private offerings of securities.   Additionally, certain unregistered securities may only be offered to  accredited investors.   Furthermore, this bill allows an individual to qualify through an  examination established by the Securities and Exchange Commission.   The examination must be designed with an appropriate level of  difficulty such that an individual with financial sophistication or  training would be unlikely to fail.   It also may include methods to determine competency in certain areas  and must be administered by a registered national securities  association and offered free of charge to the public.   Currently, accredited investors must satisfy certain requirements  indicating their reduced exposure to financial risk, including those  related to income, net worth, or knowledge and experience.   I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 382 the  Recognizing of the significance of Jewish American Heritage Month as a  time to celebrate the contributions of Jewish Americans to the society  and culture of the United States.   This resolution condemns the rise of antisemitism and calls on  elected officials, faith leaders, and civil society leaders to condemn  and combat antisemitism, and to identify and educate others on the  contributions of the Jewish American community.   The passage of this legislation is essential for people in my home  state of Texas and the constituents of the 18th Congressional District.   2022 was one of the worst years to date when it comes to recorded  incidents of hate toward the Jewish community.   There were around 3,700 reported incidents towards individuals.   73 of those reports were in the southwest region and more than half  of those reports were in Houston alone.   Earlier this year two neighborhoods in northeast Harris County were  littered with hundreds of racist and antisemitic flyers.   H. Res. 382 will help to spread awareness about the hateful acts of  antisemitism and to spread recognition of the importance of Jewish  American Heritage Month.   