 Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5, the  Politics Over Parents Act. This bill is an attempt by House Republicans  to attack public education in America and restrict the free exchange of  ideas that fosters critical thinking. It is part of a harmful,  nationwide extreme Republican march toward censorship and book bans.  For example, in the 2021-2022 School Year, the most banned book titles  included `Beloved' and `The Bluest Eye' by the groundbreaking author  and Nobel Laureate Toni Morrison--not unlike the way `To Kill a  Mockingbird' by Harper Lee has been the subject of book bans since the  1960s.   This censorship deprives students of opportunities to learn, grow,  and obtain information from a variety of perspectives. Other types of  censorship under this bill would deprive students of an accurate and  fact-based education.   The strength of America comes from its diversity. But instead of  delivering the support and resources our schools need, so-called  [[Page H1372]]  ``parents' rights'' bills like this empower extremists to impose their  beliefs on all students and parents.   My mother worked in a library. She taught me it is important that  every child in every community has a safe place to learn and grow.  Democrats are focused on improving public education, making our schools  safer, and ensuring schools and students have what they need to recover  from the pandemic.   This legislation is irresponsible and is yet another divisive  political stunt by the Republican majority.   It should be rejected.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of President Biden's  veto rejecting legislation to overturn a Labor Department rule related  to ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance)--based investing  strategies.   On December 1, 2022, the Department of Labor issued a final rule on  ``Prudence and Loyalty in Selecting Plan Investments and Exercising  Shareholder Rights.'' This rule clarifies that retirement plan  fiduciaries may consider climate change and other Environmental,  Social, and Governance (ESG) factors in selecting retirement  investments and exercising shareholder rights, when those factors are  relevant to the risk and return analysis.   The bill Republicans passed would have rejected that rule, instead  mandating that retirement plan managers ignore this type of risk-- whether it be a company's poor corporate management, human rights  violations, carbon emissions, or any of the other factors that fall  under the ESG framework.   When retirement plan managers are unable to fully explain all of the  risks in a portfolio, those risks jeopardize the hard-earned retirement  dollars of tens of millions hardworking Americans. ESG factors should  be allowed to be taken into account in one's investment and retirement  strategies. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)'s  just-released report * offers a catastrophic outlook if nations like  the U.S. do not take urgent action to fight the climate crisis. Clearly  superstorms, severe flooding, and sea-level rise, for example, elevate  risks. ESG strategies are one tool to help individuals take an action  of their own in pursuit of a future on a livable planet.   Should Minnesotans want to divest from fossil fuel interests, they  should be allowed to do so. Their retirement plan managers should have  the freedom to make fully-informed investment decisions--whether  related to ESG or not.   Republicans' nonsensical attempt to frame ESG investments as ``woke  capitalism'' is a waste of this governing body's efforts and would put  Americans' futures at risk. Vetoing this bill is just common sense.   President Biden has made clear that Democrats believe we must protect  hardworking Americans' life savings and retirement.   The previous question was ordered.   