 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise with many of my colleagues today  to mark a new era for patients in this country.   Last year, we decided that enough is enough, and we put an end to the  sweetheart deal that let drug companies charge seniors on Medicare  whatever they wanted for some of the most common lifesaving and life- improving prescription meds on the market. Now the Big Pharma companies  are trying to stop this legislation with absurd lawsuits.   I will talk about that effort in a moment, but for now, let me say  unequivocally that allowing Medicare to negotiate lower prices is a  victory for seniors, a victory for taxpayers, a victory for patients  and their families, and a victory for America.   Mr. President, thank you for your work on this as the Senator from  Vermont. When you were the House Member for Vermont, you led this bill  in the House, and I led it in the Senate. We worked together to allow  for negotiation on drugs. Finally, this bill has been passed into law  as part of larger legislation.   A number of our colleagues, including Senator Wyden of Oregon, have  long been leaders on this issue.   I think we all know this progress could not have come soon enough. We  know that Americans pay the highest prices in the world for the same  brand name prescription drugs. In fact, prescription drug prices in the  United States are more than 250 percent higher than drug prices in  other industrialized countries. Not only are prices sky high, we have  all watched them get higher.   As Senator Wyden has worked on it; as you, Mr. President, have worked  on this; as Senator Schumer has worked on this, we have continued to  battle, sadly, the other side when it comes to putting our provision  into law that allows Medicare to negotiate better prices. Finally, we  did it on our own. We did it on our own but not really. We did it with  the seniors of this country, with AARP at our side, with so many  advocacy groups.   Taxpayers should not have to foot the bill to have the money go into  higher profits for companies that already are making much more than the  average company on the stock exchange.   Not only are we seeing high prices, but it literally makes it  unaffordable for some patients. What good are treatments and cures if  they go unused because they are unaffordable? The average price of the  25 brand name medications that Medicare spends the most on, 25 top  blockbusters, has tripled on average, tripled since the drug hit the  U.S. market.   Think about it. We all believe in competition. We believe in  capitalism. Well, if you allow for real competition and generics to get  on and you don't mess around and play around with the patent system and  change this little thing so you get a longer patent and you don't put  into law a sweetheart deal that says Medicare can't negotiate any  prices for 50 million seniors--which, by the way, affects everyone else  because when that, the biggest negotiating group in the country, is  locked out from the table, when they are locked out of the room, it  hurts everyone else as well.   This change alone, when the administration just put the first 10  drugs on the negotiating table, 900--900--we have so many people  involved and who will be affected by this that we will save over $300  billion. That is a big, big deal.   Not only are prices sky high, we know that the numbers only grow more  shocking as you learn about the people behind them and about the profit  margins of the big drug companies.   I am thinking of Kerry and his wife, who live in Cloquet, MN. Both  take Jardiance. This prescription drug costs them $750 each for just 1  month's supply, and that is on top of the cost of their other meds.   I know of a 71-year-old Medicare beneficiary from Oak Grove, MN, who  also relies on Jardiance to control a heart issue. Last year, the drug  cost her about $530 for a 90-day supply, roughly a sixth of her take- home pay from her job at a senior care residence.   Another Minnesotan, a 67-year-old Medicare beneficiary from  Glenville, paid roughly $750 total for a 90-day supply of Jardiance and  Januvia and stopped taking the drugs altogether due to the cost.   Then there is another patient from Rochester, MN, southern Minnesota,  who was diagnosed with a rare form of blood cancer. She was relieved to  find that she would be able to take an oral medication instead of  invasive chemotherapy treatments, but it was going to cost $680 per  month, nearly half of her monthly Social Security check. Her daughter  applied for grants and figured out a way to make ends meet, but it just  shouldn't be that hard.   Those are just a few of the many Minnesotans who have had to tighten  their belts to satisfy Big Pharma's greed. You will hear the stories  from Oregon. You will hear the stories from every State in the country.  In fact, Big Pharma makes almost, as I said, three times the average  profit margin of other industries on the S&P 500 exchange, three times  larger profit on average of other industries on the S&P stock market.  Yet nearly 30 percent of Americans say they haven't taken their  medications as prescribed due to costs. That is unacceptable.   The Presiding Officer, over in the House, and I led these bills to  get rid of that sweetheart deal. And, yes, we got this in through the  Inflation Reduction Act, got it signed into law.   A couple of years ago, Medicare announced the first 10 drugs selected  for price negotiation, including, as I mentioned, Jardiance, which  treats heart failure and diabetes; Januvia, another prescription for  diabetes; Enbrel, for rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis treatment; and  Xarelto and Eliquis, medications to prevent blood clots. Taken  together, those two--Xarelto and Eliquis, to prevent blood clots--are  taken by 5 million Medicare beneficiaries.   I want to correct one statistic I used. It is up to 9 million  Americans with Medicare Part D who take the drugs that were selected,  and they have spent--I said 300--they have spent $3.4 billion in out- of-pocket costs. Up to 9 million Americans with Medicare Part D take  those 10 drugs, paying an average of between $121 and $5,200 a month  out-of-pocket. And $5,200 a month--how much is that per year? The pages  can do the math. That is $60,000 on average per year.   What does this mean for a senior on a fixed income? That relief is  finally coming.   For years, we toiled on this legislation, as the Presiding Officer  and Senator Wyden know, but it was Joe Biden who finally got it over  the finish line and signed it into law, giving Medicare the power to  negotiate with drug companies to help bring the price of medications in  the United States down.   The law also, as we all know, has other provisions--$35 out-of-pocket  monthly cap on insulin. This new policy has lowered the cost of daily  living for over 1.5 million Americans already.  [[Page S4375]]  We now have drug companies that have voluntarily, for non-seniors,  capped it. I predicted this would happen--several of us did--because it  is kind of hard to say: Well, seniors get $35, but a 15-year-old has to  pay $100 a month. So you are starting to see that change. That law also  provides free recommended vaccines, like the shingles or pneumonia  shots. That is going to help the average Minnesota senior save 100  bucks. Then, of course, the legislation puts a $2,000 cap on out-of- pocket spending for Medicare beneficiaries starting in 2025.   What happened? Lawsuits. Johnson & Johnson--let's name them--Johnson  & Johnson has sued. I thought when we passed it, signed into law by the  President of United States--anyone who knows ``Schoolhouse Rock!''  knows you have both Houses, a bill signed by the President, it is law.  What do these guy do? They go out, and they sue in court, like: Oh, we  made a sweetheart deal 20 years ago, and we want it back, so we are  going to sue. They hired tons of lawyers.   Johnson & Johnson, Merck, Bristol Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim,  and Novartis, as well as the industry trade group, the Pharmaceutical  Research and Manufacturers of America, better known as PhRMA--they have  all sued.   We know that this effort is patently absurd. Government Agencies  negotiating on drug prices isn't novel or unprecedented. The VA has  done it for years.   End story: We persisted after nearly $400 million was spent on  lobbying in Congress. After every Member of Congress had three  lobbyists assigned to them, we still passed this bill.   We still passed this bill. So big surprise, they have gone to court.  But we will win there, too. Their legal argument is somewhat absurd,  that somehow this is a taking, when in fact it is their choice to  participate in capitalism and provide these drugs and be part of a  competition. It is not a taking if they don't want to sell drugs to 50  million Americans. I guess that is up to them.   These first 10 drugs are just the beginning. We must go then to the  next 15, the next 15, the next 20. That is how the law works and, at  the same time, take on these patent cases that Senator Grassley and I  have done, Senator Cornyn, Senator Blumenthal, others in Judiciary are  leaving those to take on the sham petitions, take on the product  hopping, and take on all the bad stuff that keeps competitors off the  market.   But in the end, this should be a celebration. This has finally begun,  and they are not going to end the celebration for 50 million seniors  with all their lawyers, no matter how many they hire, and no matter how  many they bring to the courthouse.   With that, I yield to my wonderful colleagues.   