 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I applaud the work of law enforcement across America. As  a senior member of the Judiciary Committee, I have had the privilege of  working with the FBI, the DEA, the ATF, the United States Marshals, and  an array of law enforcement officers along with the Department of  Homeland Security which we oversee as a member of the Homeland Security  Committee.   I am wondering what is the basis of the intrusion in D.C. home rule  with my friends who thought there was nothing more important to do than  to intrude on a fully comprehensive police reform bill that was  supported by the chief of police and others as it relates to addressing  those who have involved themselves in conduct that police officers  would not support.   That is the only reason that there is even an iota of opposition.   The bill tracks the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act with changes  that are applicable and relevant to the people of the District of  Columbia. It is non-offensive legislation.    I would wonder why my friends on the other side of the aisle would,  in fact, be so against this bill when they did not help us with the  Invest to Protect Act and the VICTIM Act.    They didn't help us with the assault weapons ban  that we are fighting, if I may call the roll: Uvalde, Nashville,  Louisville, and in Alabama and on and on and on.   Mr. Speaker, I support the work of the District of Columbia, the  Mayor,  [[Page H1857]]  and the city council. I support their reform bill that is supported by  police officers, and also, I support home rule.   Let us vote not to uphold the Republicans' legislation of  disapproval.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong opposition to H.J. Res.  42--Disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in  approving the Comprehensive Policing and Justice Reform Amendment Act  of 2022.   This outrageous resolution would nullify the Comprehensive Policing  and Justice Reform Amendment Act of 2022, enacted by the Council of the  District of Columbia.   This resolution is a bridge too far. While Republicans continue to  put forth legislation that further divides our country and puts lives  at risk, Democrats have continuously supported funding for law  enforcement and putting Americans safety over politics.   For two congresses, Republicans have blocked the George Floyd Justice  in Policing Act, preventing us from making any substantive changes in  policing accountability that would improve public safety nationwide.   In the absence of federal action, dozens of states and D.C. have  taken steps to improve their law enforcement agencies since the death  of George Floyd. These reforms have included restricting the use of  neck restraints, improving standards for the use of force, and  reforming police certification.   This resolution blatantly undermines Home Rule, and if my Republican  colleagues really cared about the safety of the American people and law  enforcement, they would have voted with Democrats on the various bills  we previously put forth to improve public safety.   Now, Republicans are going a step further by seeking to undo D.C.'s  work to improve law enforcement and Policy/Community relationships and  promote public safety. They want to roll back all of the progress that  has been made in police accountability.   While states, D.C., and House Democrats have consistently stood up  for accountability in policing, advancing public safety, and improving  the public's trust in law enforcement, Republicans are again defending  rogue, lawless police officers who act with impunity. These rogue  officers take lives and make all of us less safe as they erode public  trust.   Take for instance, the recent case of Tyre Nichols in Memphis, the  startling facts set forth in the Department of Justice's report on the  Louisville Metro Police Department, or the audio recordings of  McCurtain County Sheriff Kevin Clardy, Sheriff's Captain Alicia  Manning, and Jail Administrator Larry Hendrix discussing killing  journalists and lamenting that they could no longer lynch black people.   If Republicans cared about public safety and law enforcement, they  would have supported the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act because  we cannot have public safety without trust between law enforcement and  the communities they serve.   Democrats don't just talk about law enforcement; we invest in law  enforcement. Democrats have supported funding for law enforcement while  Republicans have repeatedly voted against it.   Democrats have advanced the Invest to Protect Act which would have  authorized $300 million in grants for law enforcement agencies with  fewer than 125 officers. This legislation passed with bipartisan  support, but 55 Republican members voted against it.   Democrats also advanced the VICTIM Act, led by Congresswoman and  former law enforcement officer Val Demings, which would have would have  provided grants--totaling up to $100 million per year--to law  enforcement agencies to help them solve violent crimes. 178 Republicans  voted against it.   My bill on supporting more money for victims, VOCA, is what we should  be doing more of.   If Republicans really supported law enforcement, they would have  joined Democrats in passage of the Assault Weapons Ban, which would  take the weapons most used to target law enforcement off our streets.  208 Republicans voted against it.   Assault weapons pose a significant risk to law enforcement--one out  of every five law enforcement officers killed by guns are killed by  these weapons of war.   The Violence Policy Center performed an analysis of unpublished  information from the FBI and determined that one of five law  enforcement officers slain in the line of duty in 2016 and 2017 were  killed with assault weapons. They found that, during attacks in which  multiple officers were killed, 75 percent of the officers were killed  with an assault weapon.   But that's not it. There are many pieces of legislation that  Democrats have offered that Republicans could have supported if they  really supported law enforcement.   The Fighting Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Act of 2022; the Law  Enforcement De-Escalation Training Act of 2022, the Active Shooter  Alert of 2022, and the Federal Extreme Risk Protection Order Act of  2022.   I must also remind this body that when right wing extremists  descended on the nation's Capital city, attacking citizens, and burning  flags in church yards, Republicans stood back and stood by.   This resolution is yet another example of Republicans forcing their  failed policies on all of us by any means they can, particularly in  black and brown communities nationwide.   Whether it is unfairly blocking home rule and police accountability,  hijacking the courts to restrict abortion access and bodily autonomy,  taking over school districts, banning books, or attempting to overturn  a fair election, we must hold the line and defend DC's right to self- governance. That is why I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to oppose this resolution.    Mr. Chair, I too had the opportunity yesterday to  engage with Rebekah and her mother, and I want to just point to a stark  reality.   Mr. Chair, 53 percent of trans kids considered suicide last year. I  am glad that the Governor of Utah, in a very lengthy letter, said: I  want them to live. What Rebekah said is that she loves playing sports.  She gets to know people, and they know her.   She said the talk that we are doing on the floor of the House is  scary. It puts trans children--children in corners. They don't know who  likes them or not or who wants to do harm to them.   This is a meaningless bill. The Olympics has addressed the question.  The NCAA has addressed the question.   When will we realize we have the right to freedom of religion and we  have a right to our beliefs, and in that we have no right to undermine  and threaten the lives of trans children.   Mr. Chair, I stand in opposition to this mean-spirited legislation  because I am a woman of faith, and I believe in the humanity of all  children.   