 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, today I rise in support of my amendment  which would simply require Congress to approve by vote any regulation  with an economic impact over $1 billion rather than $100 million as the  current underlying bill is written.   Congress does have a responsibility to ensure that Federal dollars  are spent appropriately with congressional intent and oversight in  mind. Yet all of us in this Chamber know just how challenging it can be  to come to a consensus despite all of our best efforts, let alone to  find the time and the space on the calendar to do so.   Requiring a vote in both the House and the Senate on any regulation  with a price tag of $100 million will put in jeopardy consumer  protection, healthcare access, and environmental safety. We simply  cannot afford in good faith to have this threshold this low. The  American people cannot afford for the implementation of these items to  be stalled.  [[Page H2912]]    The rulemaking process is designed to implement laws that have  already passed Congress. However, the laws that we write and the  dollars we spend do, of course, have tangible impacts, which is why my  amendment would ensure that only the rules that are over $1 billion  would see a vote.   As a point of reference, during the Trump administration only 26 out  of 1,327 rules had a price tag of over $1 billion. Again, less than 2  percent of the Trump administration's 1,300 rules would, therefore,  require a vote under the new threshold. To drill down on the math, that  would mean less than 30 votes rather than 1,321 votes.   A little bit of back-of-the-envelope math for us: we here in the  House are in session between 27 and 30 weeks a year. I would say we do  20 votes a week which is generously around 600 votes a year; not nearly  close to the 1,321 votes that we would have had to have taken during  the Trump administration.   Again, I cannot stress enough that regulations do have an impact on  real people and American lives. They do ensure aircraft safety and food  quality, and they do prevent hazardous material from entering our air  and water. As a consequence and because of that, we cannot take  unnecessary risks by delaying these quantity of votes.   So, Madam Chair, for all of these reasons, I do urge my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to please vote ``yes'' on this, my commonsense  amendment. I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Nadler).    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I cannot stress enough that regulations  do, of course, have an impact on real American people and real American  lives. Once again, I will emphasize that they ensure aircraft safety  and food quality and prevent hazardous materials from entering our air  and our water. We cannot take unnecessary risks.   If there is one thing the last several months have taught us about  this body and the way that we move, is that we cannot move with  expedience and that we definitely take an enormous amount of time to  vote on any one piece of legislation.   The idea that we would be standing here week after week month after  month voting on thousands of bills in this way is really a  demonstration of the fact that we don't simply understand how this body  works.   So for that reason, I very much urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on  this commonsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   