 Madam President, listening to this debate today, I  can't believe we are having these debates in 2023. It is just stunning  to me that we are having to debate privacy and the ability to make your  own reproductive health decisions and all the ramifications for it. But  here we are.   So I rise today to speak up for American women, the doctors who care  for us, and our freedom to make our own healthcare decisions. What a  novel idea that, in the United States of America, we would be able to  make our own healthcare decisions.  [[Page S2164]]    But thanks to a radically conservative Supreme Court and radicals in  State legislatures, reproductive freedom is no longer a constitutional  right in the United States.   Roe v. Wade protected our freedoms for 50 years, until it didn't.  Nearly half of the 50 States have already banned abortion or are likely  to do that--half. And, sadly, this change is already making American  healthcare worse. It just breaks my heart to hear about the individual  situations of women.   In Michigan, fortunately, we are in a situation where the people of  Michigan have stood up for reproductive freedom. But to see the women  coming into Michigan, the people who are pregnant coming into Michigan,  who are coming in to get help that they can't get in their own State,  it just breaks my heart.   A poll of OB/GYNs released today by the independent health policy  research organization KFF shows the effects. Sixty-four percent of OB/ GYNs surveyed said that the Dobbs decision has increased pregnancy- related deaths. Now think about that: 64 percent of the doctors--of the  OB/GYNs surveyed--said that this Supreme Court decision has increased  pregnancy-related deaths.   Seventy percent of OB/GYNs said that the Dobbs decision has made  racial and ethnic inequalities in healthcare worse. And 68 percent of  OB/GYNs--the doctors serving women--say that the Dobbs decision has  made it harder for them to manage their patients' pregnancy-related  emergencies, including women who desperately want their babies. They  are desperate for this. They want to have this child. And something  comes up, and it breaks their heart and their family's hearts. And  there is an emergency that may threaten their life, and doctors are  saying that it is harder for them to respond in an emergency.   Just think about that: 68 percent of doctors say that this Supreme  Court decision makes it harder for them to keep patients alive.   These doctors know what they need to do to save lives. In many  States, they are just not allowed to do it. How could that be in  America in 2023?   And even doctors in States like Michigan--and I am proud to say we  now protect reproductive freedom in our constitution, voted on by the  people of our State, overwhelmingly, last November. But even we aren't  immune from that.   A State law in Texas allows vigilantes to sue doctors even in States  where abortion is legal. So much for States' rights. And radicals in  other States are scrambling to pass similar legislation.   That is why we need the Let Doctors Provide Reproductive Healthcare  Act. Thank you to Senators Murray and Padilla and Lujan and Rosen for  leading this effort, and I am proud to be their partner, as we all are.   This bill would ensure that healthcare providers in States where  abortion is legal--States' rights; it is legal--can keep providing the  reproductive healthcare their patients need. And it would help protect  patients across the country who choose to access reproductive  healthcare in a State where it is legal.   I trust Michigan doctors. Michigan doctors know what their patients  need. What Michigan doctors and their patients don't need are Texas  legislators standing in their exam rooms.   It is time to pass this legislation to protect doctors and to protect  their patients. So, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S. 1297 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration; further, that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Madam President, let me say two points to my colleague.  First, fundamentally, this is about who makes medical decisions. Do we  trust women? Do we trust the person who is pregnant? Do we trust their  ability to work with their doctor? Who makes the decision in the United  States of America? We stand with the women of America.   The second thing I will say is that it is so difficult for me to hear  over and over again about the sanctity of life when I lead the  Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee, where we have to fight  every day to make sure food is available for children who are born.   The House of Representatives just passed an agriculture  appropriations bill that gutted WIC, which is the Women, Infants, and  Children Program for newborn babies and moms, to get them started in a  healthy life.   When we can't pass quality standards for Medicaid births, which are  half the births of this country, because we have had objections on the  other side of the aisle for years about somehow having quality  standards for prenatal care and birth, it is very hard for me to listen  to the idea that we ought to be protecting--it is not just the unborn.  It is the born. It is the children. It is the moms. It is the quality  of life that we fight for every day, for food, healthcare, and so on.   So I find it very hard to listen to that language.   I am very disappointed that there is an objection to a bill that  would let doctors practice healthcare to protect women and babies.   I yield the floor.   