 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Bishop,  dean of our Georgia delegation, for chairing today's Special Order hour  remembering First Lady Rosalynn Carter, a truly remarkable public  servant, a wife, a parent, a grandparent, a friend, a humanitarian, and  an inspiration to countless people around the globe.   Mrs. Carter's impact could be seen last week as thousands of people  lined up to honor her in Plains where she lived with her beloved  husband of 77 years, President Jimmy Carter; and then in Americus,  where she attended college; and Atlanta, where she cofounded the Carter  Center with President Carter.   I was one of those people who paid their respects at The Carter  Center as she laid in repose. I am honored to add to the tribute today  on the floor of the House of Representatives.   I am very fortunate to have met First Lady Carter on many occasions.  Every time that I met her, I was struck by her grace and her kindness  and genuineness.   Mrs. Carter embodied service and never stopped working to uplift  marginalized communities. I was especially fortunate to partner with  Mrs. Carter in that work as we uplifted care workers and an increase in  investments to the care economy which is so essential to everything in  our lives.   She founded the Rosalynn Carter Institute for Caregivers at Georgia's  Southwestern State University, her alma mater, which today supports 40  million caregivers across the country and will be an enduring living  legacy of the former First Lady.   Uplifting care workers was only one of the many issues for which Mrs.  Carter was an advocate. Mrs. Carter wasn't afraid to advocate for  issues long before it was easy or popular to do so.   She was a champion for women's rights and one of the leading  supporters of the equal rights amendment. She spearheaded the Mental  Health Systems Act of 1980 to end stigmas around mental illness.   As First Lady and with The Carter Center, she strengthened democracy  around the globe. Of course, who can forget the images of her and  President Carter building homes with Habitat for Humanity for many,  many decades.   This spirit of service was genuine and a defining characteristic of  Mrs. Carter's life. The spirit of service embodied by Rosalynn and  Jimmy Carter inspired me and my husband, Leslie, to name our only son,  Carter, in their honor. Every day we strive to ensure that Carter lives  up to the spirit of his namesake.   While delivering her eulogy, my friend, Jason Carter, Mrs. Carter's  grandson, said his grandmother's life was a sermon. It is true, and all  great sermons compel us to act.   Mrs. Carter showed us the power of action while using every  opportunity given to us. If the House of Representatives uses our  opportunity to act every day to improve the lives of our constituents,  we will truly have taken the sermon of Rosalynn Carter's life to heart  while honoring her in the best way possible.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the dean of our delegation for honoring Mrs.  Carter today and hosting this Special Order hour.   