 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania  for the time.   Hopefully, at some point on this floor, we will be able to debate the  Defense appropriations bill. That bill and this bill that we have the  motion on, the NDAA, have extreme social policy riders that make  bipartisan cooperation just impossible.   The restricting rider that we are focusing on today is in both bills,  and it stops servicemembers, civilians, and dependents from seeking  basic reproductive healthcare. As the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania  pointed out, when certain care is not available where a person is  stationed, they have the flexibility of going to seek out that  healthcare. The DOD's current policy is totally under Federal law and  is totally legal.   Another misnomer that I hear quite often sometimes is it is  undermining the Hyde amendment. Well, it doesn't do that either. The  Hyde amendment allows for abortion services in certain circumstances.  This would be a ban if a woman was stationed at a military post where  we don't even offer obstetrics and gynecology, where she would have to  seek care in another State, and many of these States have limited and  put so many restrictions in place that the doctors are fearful of  performing even procedures after miscarriage or the procedures that  were pointed out with the woman in Texas. They have to go someplace  else to receive the service, even services that are provided under the  Hyde amendment.   Make no mistake, I don't support the Hyde amendment, but that is the  least we should be able to do.   As has been pointed out, nearly 20 percent of the people who serve in  our military are women, 80,000 of them are in States that restrict  abortions, and our troops don't get to choose where they are stationed.   We need to make sure that our servicewomen are not treated as second- class citizens and that they have full access to their reproductive  rights. In the past and in the future, women have faced barriers to  reach their full potential. Let's not put up another barrier.   