 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would mandate the Comptroller  General carry out a study to determine the adverse effects of allowing  biological men to compete in women's sports. It looks at the adverse  psychological, developmental participatory, and sociological results to  girls of allowing males to compete, be members of a sports team, or  participants in athletic programs that are designed specifically for  girls, including hostile environment creation, sexual assault, and  sexual harassment.   We are going to call this today the Riley Gaines report. Riley Gaines  lifetime of hard work was undermined by a biological male who was  wrongly allowed to compete against women in NCAA-sanctioned  competition.   Furthermore, she had to deal with the psychological trauma of being  forced to share a locker room and change in front of a biological man.  Subjecting more women to this is cruel.   All of the glass ceilings that have been shattered by women in sports  have been for naught if we allow this to continue, so I am going to  stand with women and fight for their fair right to competition.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, for years, the left has said to follow the  science. Well, today, Republicans are following the science. We are not  confused about the differences between biological men and biological  women.   As a woman who is pro-LGBTQ, I don't care how you dress. I don't care  what pronoun you take. I don't care if you change your gender. But we  ought to protect biological women and girls in their athletics and  their achievements.   As someone who has broken glass ceilings, I am the first woman to  graduate from The Citadel, the Military  [[Page H1892]]  College of South Carolina. We don't want biological men taking away the  achievements of women who fought so hard for where they are today.   It was 100 years after women's suffrage that South Carolina elected  the first ever Republican woman to Congress. That is what I did in  2020.   We don't want to take these achievements away from women at all. We  are not confused. Having biological men in locker rooms, as a mom of a  girl, and hearing Riley Gaines' story, and as someone who was molested  at 14, raped at 16, the risks to our girls and to women by biological  men in some of these cases and the stories that we have heard, we ought  to do our damnedest to protect women and girls in sports.   This is not insidious. What is insidious is allowing men in girls'  locker rooms as they are changing, as they are showering. That is  perverted; it is insidious; it is disgusting.   We want to make sure that we are doing everything we can to protect  women and girls. This report will study that and bring the results to  Congress.   I thank Riley Gaines for sharing her story, putting it out there, and  talking about the realities of what is going on in this country.   I can tell you the other side is very much confused. They are so  confused now that Republicans have become the feminists of today.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    I have. I actually know transgender constituents. I know  transgender children. I have friends in my district that have  transgender kids. I am very well aware.    Yes, 100 percent.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time is remaining.    Mr. Chairman, when we use the term ``biological men,'' we  are actually following the science because for years the left has said  follow the science. When you are born a biological male, you are born  with physical advantages over women.   We do want to study the psychological effect on women in sports, in  their locker rooms. We want to study what is going on and how it  negatively impacts women.   Women should not be ignored in this situation, whether they are in  the classroom, or on a sports team, or in the private sector.   As I mentioned before, I know and have met with plenty of transgender  individuals. This is not against the LGBTQ community. We are pro-women  today, and that is what this amendment is about, protecting women and  girls against biological men who want to compete against them.   I don't think any of us have any discontent if transgender girls  wanted to have their own sports teams and compete at that level because  the physical differences between biological men and biological women  are very different. We want to make sure that we are going to protect  them, and that we don't have any other women going through what Riley  Gaines went through. It was wrong then; it is wrong now.   I am proud of this amendment and the work that we are doing to  protect women and girls. As I said before, I have broken many glass  ceilings, and I don't want to see those achievements taken away from  biological women who have worked so hard to get to where they are  today.   We want to set a good example that they can achieve anything they  want in America, anything they want in the United States of America. If  they have goals, they work hard to achieve them. They can do anything  they want, and no man will get in their way.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   