 Mr. President, earlier today, every Member of this body  received a briefing on the ongoing threat Iran presents to our national  security and that of our allies around the world. It was a stark  reminder of the serious challenges and threats the United States and  our allies face around the world. It also underscores the importance of  ensuring our military is ready and able to respond to any threats that  may arise.   Right now, though, one Senator is willfully undermining our  readiness. I happen to chair the Readiness Subcommittee on the Armed  Services Committee. Our servicemembers can only do their jobs if they  are in place to do so, and, right now, the Senator from Alabama's hold  on 196 general and flag officer promotions is preventing these brave  men and women from entering new roles in which they are urgently  needed.   Since March, the Senator from Alabama has refused to allow movement  on any of these promotions, depriving our military of critical leaders  in key posts around the globe. Among the nearly 200 promotions  currently on hold is the next commander of Naval Sea Systems Command,  who is responsible for overseeing the Shipyard Infrastructure  Optimization Program, a critical infrastructure investment in our  public shipyards in Hawaii and across the country.   The blanket hold also includes the Director of the Defense Logistics  Agency, or DLA. DLA oversees the defense supply chain for all services  and will be essential to the safe defueling and closure of the Red Hill  Bulk Fuel Storage Facility on Oahu, a leak which impacted over 90,000  people living on Oahu.   The Senator from Alabama is also holding nominees to command the  Fifth and Seventh Fleets, which are responsible for deterring threats  from Iran and China, respectively. For any Member of this body to  willfully degrade the readiness of these units is, in my view,  unthinkably irresponsible.   To be clear, these are not controversial nominees. These are  decorated, patriotic men and women who have devoted their adult lives  to serving our Nation and who wish only to continue doing so.   My colleague from Alabama is placing a blanket hold on close to 200  promotions in the DOD because he disagrees with DOD's commonsense,  humane policy to allow travel for servicemembers seeking reproductive  services.   Thousands of servicemembers are posted in States that do not allow  them to receive reproductive services necessitating this travel. This  is a policy my colleague objects to, resulting in his hold on these  promotions.   The travel policy does not include paying for abortions. How many  times must this point have to be made? Why do my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle continue to read into the policy that which is  not there?   Nowhere does the policy allow the DOD to pay for abortion. There is  no language in this policy that talks about facilitating the provision  of abortion. Show me this language. You can't because it is not there.  This is a travel policy for reproductive services.   So my colleague from Alabama is more concerned with pushing his  ideological agenda than with the realities our troops face, even if  that means depriving servicemembers of critical healthcare.   In addition to undermining our national security, this reckless hold  is creating chaos for these servicemembers, many of whom will have to  relocate their families and put their children in new schools.   These promotions are carefully timed to ensure critical positions  don't go unfilled, and also that the servicemembers and their families  can transition into new homes and schools with as little disruption as  possible.   Beyond being reckless and fundamentally ill-informed, the Senator  from Alabama's--I consider it a stunt; it is a slap in the face of our  servicemembers. They should be able to do their jobs without political  interference, without someone putting their ideological agenda ahead of  the need for us to make these decisions.   For the sake of our servicemembers and our country, we need to end  this dangerous blockade. That is why, in a moment, I will be asking the  Senate to confirm Calendar No. 85. If confirmed, this nominee would  command the Navy's Seventh Fleet, which at any given moment has almost  75 ships and submarines and over 27,000 sailors and marines, operating  and in contact with both the Chinese and Russian Navies.   Encompassing many allies, partners, and competitors, the Pacific and  its forward-deployed fleet should not be left without its appropriate  commander.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration  of Calendar No. 85; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that, if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate; that any statements related to the  nomination be printed in the Record; and that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.   