 Mr. President, on April 10, 1998, the governments of the  United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland signed the Good Friday  Agreement, giving birth to a new era of peace in Northern Ireland. On  this 25th anniversary, I join my colleagues in sponsoring a resolution  commemorating a historic success that marked the end of decades of  conflict and that remains crucial to peace today and in the future.  This resolution passed the Senate Foreign Relations Committee  unanimously just yesterday and will be passed shortly by the full  Senate.   The recent celebration of this landmark event in Belfast brought  together the three leaders of the day: Prime Minister Tony Blair,  Taoiseach Bertie Ahearn, and President Bill Clinton. The highlight of  that gathering was the unveiling at Queen's University of a bust of  Senator George Mitchell, the architect of the Good Friday Agreement-- this Chamber's former majority leader and my fellow Mainer. And I know  I speak for my fellow Mainers when I say how proud we were of this  extraordinary accomplishment. And we salute Senator George Mitchell on  this, the 25th anniversary.   During the three decades that the Troubles plagued Northern Ireland,  some 3,500 people were killed and 50,000 injured in sectarian violence.  In 1996, during one of the many sporadic and ineffective ceasefires,  George Mitchell, 1 year after his retirement from the Senate, stepped  forward to serve as America's special envoy to Northern Ireland. He was  committed, determined to forge a lasting peace. And he did.   George Mitchell approached this daunting task with the statesmanship  and dedication to justice that has defined his life. For nearly 2  years, Senator Mitchell worked with unyielding energy and endless  patience to bring together the many parties and conflicting interests.  Despite arguments, controversies, and walkouts, the talks were held  together by his leadership and by his Mitchell Principles, which, first  and foremost, held that political issues must be resolved by democratic  and exclusively peaceful means.   Finally, on Good Friday, 1998, 1 day and a long sleepless night after  the deadline Senator Mitchell had set to complete the complex  negotiations, the agreement was, in fact, reached. Six weeks later, the  voters in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland endorsed the  pact with overwhelming margins.   The Good Friday Agreement has been a remarkable success in meeting  its primary goal of ending bloodshed and bringing sustainable peace.  The resolution that I introduced with Senator Menendez, the Chairman of  the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, calls upon Congress to reaffirm  its steadfast support for this historic agreement and to the principles  of peaceful and democratic participation as the only way to settle  political differences. And, equally important, it recognizes George  Mitchell's pivotal role.   Senator George Mitchell himself defined leadership as having the  wisdom to know what is right, the courage to say what is right, and the  strength to do what is right. This is not merely a definition he has  offered throughout an inspiring life of service but also an example he  set for others.   I appreciate my colleagues' support of this resolution in his honor  as we seek to commemorate this historic anniversary of the agreement  that he forged--an agreement that would not have come about but for  George Mitchell's endless leadership and patience.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   