 Mr. Speaker, our country has no greater responsibility  than to protect and defend this Nation and its Constitution from all  enemies, foreign and domestic, and I thank Ranking Member McCollum for  yielding me time to speak as a member of the Subcommittee on Defense  Appropriations.   I am deeply disappointed, I have to say, overall by the bill that the  majority has forced to the Floor today. America and our allies are  grappling with an increasingly dynamic and dangerous world. Global  challenges include real enemies, as well as the unpredictability of  nature and climate change, and we now see artificial intelligence  threatening to further destabilize the world that we rely on for  liberty and prosperity.   Russia is waging a war of aggression against a neighboring democratic  state, while China is outpacing our  [[Page H4593]]  military development and has positioned itself as a significant  geopolitical competitor on many levels.   It is our responsibility and that of the annual Defense  Appropriations legislation to ensure we are prepared to surmount these  threats. However, the majority's legislation is distracted and consumed  by division instead of policies that would ensure the safety of our  Nation's most important Defense asset, our brave men and women in  uniform.   In another year, I could be proud of important provisions, including  support for research, testing and manufacturing of space technologies  that would define how our future wars might be fought, many of which,  by the way, are being developed in my home State of Ohio.   Instead, this legislation focuses on divisive policies never seen in  a Defense Appropriations bill, like banning diversity and inclusion  programs in this diverse Nation, targeting women and LGBTQ and  servicemembers, and preventing the Department of Defense from  addressing the very real dangers of disinformation campaigns and  extremist rhetoric in our military.   Enacting these proposals would have disastrous consequences for the  morale and readiness of our Armed Forces, worsening the unprecedented  recruitment shortfalls they already face. While the legislation  maintains funding for many key security commitments to our crucial  allies by fully funding key regional security initiatives, it fails to  innovate or provide expansion of funding necessary to meet the moment,  which is newly defined by the largest war for liberty since World War  II, being fought as we speak in the Nation of Ukraine. I could say so  much on this.   The Ukrainian people and their east European neighbors----    Might I ask for an additional 10 seconds.   