 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this  heartless bill which cuts nutrition assistance to mothers and children  and needed relief to our hardworking farmers.    If my Republican colleagues insist on preserving their tax cuts for  the rich at all costs, please have the decency not to do it on the  backs of women, children, and farmers.   Yet, as cruel as these cuts are, it is enough to satisfy the small  band of MAGA extremists now running this House. Republican leaders have  caved to them again by adding harmful, divisive riders just to bring  these bills for a vote. This legislation should have a toxic hazard  warning on it.   One rider blocks women from accessing mifepristone via telemedicine  or the mail, even in States that allow it. This sneak attack on  abortion medication would vastly restrict a woman's right to control  her own body. Since it is so unpopular, of course, Republicans are  adding this healthcare access barrier now in the dead of night.   This isn't the only extreme rider on this bill. Instead of putting  children and farmers first, this bill blocks the FDA from regulating  nicotine standards.   You are a doctor. That is shocking.   It does this, mind you, despite scientific data showing that it will  mean more addicted kids and fewer saved lives. In Florida alone, 32,300  people die each year from smoking-related deaths. Instead of helping  hungry children and struggling families, Republicans give handouts to  big tobacco in this bill.   Look, I know Americans are divided on many issues, but there is one  thing we can all agree on: We do not take food assistance away from  children, families, seniors, veterans, and the disabled that  desperately rely on that funding. Yet this extremist MAGA bill does  just that.   Mr. Chairman, as an appropriator, I always echo the adage: Show me  your budget, and I will show you what you really value.   This bill exemplifies the ugliest of all values if it takes food from  the mouths of the hungry, if it blocks women's reproductive care, and  if it cuts funds to American farmers.   For these reasons, I strongly urge my colleagues to reject these  cold-hearted values and vote ``no'' on this bill.   