 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise in support of President  Biden's nominee to be the next U.S. district court judge for the  District of Minnesota, and that is Jeff Bryan.   I want to thank my colleague Tina Smith. The two of us convened a  judicial selection committee in our own State with very outstanding  people who helped recommend some names to the White House. I would also  like to thank Senators Durbin and Graham for helping to move Judge  Bryan's nomination through the Judiciary Committee--on which the  Presiding Officer serves--on a bipartisan basis and to thank Leader  Schumer for making time for the Senate to consider his nomination.   Judge Bryan is a dedicated public servant with a distinguished career  spanning over 16 years serving the people of Minnesota, including as a  State court judge and as a former Federal prosecutor.   Through his devotion to justice and the rule of law, he has earned  the respect and support of judges, attorneys, and law enforcement  officials across the political spectrum. This is why he received a  strong vote in the Judiciary Committee and why I hope my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle will support his confirmation.   Judge Bryan was born in an Army hospital in Fort Bragg. His mom was  an English teacher, and his dad was a captain with the 82nd Airborne  who instilled in Judge Bryan an appreciation for public service. His  father's service in the Army brought their family to Fort Bliss, near  El Paso, TX, where Judge Bryan grew up.   After graduating summa cum laude from the University of Texas, Judge  Bryan went back home to El Paso and worked as a substitute teacher. He  then headed to Yale for law school. As a law student, he served as a  student supervisor in the parents and children clinic and was president  of the Yale Law Christian Fellowship.   He also met the love of his life, a Minnesotan--we knew we would get  to Minnesota at some point in the story. He met the love of his life, a  Minnesotan, at law school. Ultimately, he traded the Texas heat for the  Minnesota winters, and he and Liz settled down in St. Paul.   If confirmed, Judge Bryan will be the first Latino Federal judge in  Minnesota. He is active in the Minnesota Hispanic Bar Association,  tutoring students, and has served on the board of Twin Cities Habitat  for Humanity. For 20 years, even before he had kids of his own, he  taught Sunday school at his church.   He clerked for Judge Paul Magnuson, who was a judge appointed by  President Reagan, and spent several years in private practice. He spent  6 years as an assistant U.S. attorney, where he prosecuted violent  gangs and large-scale drug organizations. He prosecuted over 350  criminals and directed what was, at the time, the largest meth  investigation and cocaine investigation ever conducted in the District  of Minnesota. He played a key role in dismantling a cocaine trafficking  network that spanned from McAllen, TX, to St. Cloud, MN. He won the  Department of Justice ``case of the year'' award for his work on that  case. Additionally, he led a meth investigation that resulted in the  recovery of more than 9,600 grams of meth, as well as convictions of  more than 60 defendants.   So I don't think it is a surprise that we have heard from former law  enforcement officials at the local, State, and Federal levels who  praised him, of course, for his work and devotion to justice but, also,  particularly for his work ethic and his dedication as a prosecutor.   He was hired as a prosecutor by Erica MacDonald, who was appointed by  President Trump to serve as a U.S. attorney for Minnesota. She said  that Judge Bryan was a ``no-nonsense Federal prosecutor'' and is an  ``outstanding'' nominee ``for judicial appointment.''   Judge Bryan left the U.S. Attorney's Office in 2013 and was appointed  to serve on the Ramsey County District Court in St. Paul. There, he  presided over more than 8,000 cases, including violent felony criminal  cases, and was only reversed in 4 cases.   In 2019, he was appointed to serve as a judge on the Minnesota Court  of Appeals. He has sat on over 500 cases as an appellate judge and has  authored nearly 200 opinions and has only been reversed in 2 cases.   Judge Bryan has, understandably, earned endorsements from some of the  most esteemed jurists in our State, including four senior U.S. district  court judges who were appointed by Presidents of both parties. Among  them is the man he clerked for, Judge Paul Magnuson, who described  Judge Bryan as a person of ``exceptional character'' and offered his  highest recommendation.   In addition, nearly 40 State judges, appointed by Governors of both  parties, enthusiastically support this nomination. They praised Judge  Bryan as a ``prepared, fair-minded, and hard-working judge'' and said  that he has a ``determined focus on explaining and applying the law in  an unbiased manner.''   For those same reasons, the ABA Standing Committee on the Federal  Judiciary rated Judge Bryan as ``well qualified'' to serve as a  district court judge, the highest rating that the committee awards.   I know that Jeff Bryan will make an outstanding Federal district  court judge for the District of Minnesota. I urge my colleagues to  support his confirmation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   