 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination,  Calendar No. 75; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table; and that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    I understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask  for its first reading.    I now ask for a second reading, and in order to  place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I  object to my own request.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 43, which was  received from the House and is at the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 253 submitted  earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate  completes its business today, it stand adjourned until 10 a.m. on  Thursday, June 15; that following the prayer and pledge, the Journal of  proceedings be approved to date, the morning hour be deemed expired,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, and morning business be closed; that following the conclusion of  morning business, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume  consideration of the Choudhury nomination postcloture and that all time  be considered expired at 11:15 a.m.; further, that notwithstanding rule  XXII, the cloture vote on the Rikelman nomination occur at 1:45 p.m.  and that if any nominations are confirmed during Thursday's session,  the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table  and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    If there is no further business to come before the  Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the previous order  following the remarks of Senator Lee.   