 Madam President, I rise today, along with my  colleagues, because, as the President pro tempore has heard, we have a  childcare crisis in this country. Families can't afford it; employers  don't have the funds to subsidize it; and providers can't pay their  workers. In my home State of Nevada, it can cost more to send your kids  to childcare than it does to send them to college. It is just  outrageous, and we have to do something about it.   One of the many consequences of this crisis is that some parents who  can't afford childcare have to stay home with their kids instead of  reentering the workforce. I hear this all the time in Nevada. Nearly 39  percent of women with children younger than 5 years old have quit their  jobs in the last 3 years. Over 90 percent of those women willingly  decided to leave their jobs and stop earning an income, not because  they were laid off or had their hours cut back but because they needed  to stay home with their children because they lacked the resources for  childcare in this country to afford it. It is hurting our families. It  is hurting our children and our economy, quite frankly. We must expand  access to childcare now.   We took steps to lower childcare costs for families when we passed  the American Rescue Plan. That funding has made a difference for  families across the country. In Nevada, that means families of four  that make up to $70,000 a year are getting help covering their  childcare costs. It means all copays for childcare programs have been  waived. It means that thousands of families across my State have been  able to breathe easier knowing that they won't have to choose between  groceries and their kids' tuitions.   A perfect example is Christine McNally, who lives in Northern Nevada,  in Reno. She works with these families every day at her two childcare  centers in Northern Nevada. She told me about a single mom she works  with who has three kids. Now, before the American Rescue Plan passed  that lowered childcare costs, this mother was paying $120 per week in  copays. That is $120 per week. Not having to cover the cost of these  copays anymore has been huge for her and her family. It has helped  alleviate so much financial pressure. Now she can pay her electric  bills without having to worry about covering other costs, including  childcare.   The problem is, as we have heard from our colleagues, this  legislation expired this year, and, unfortunately, we don't have all of  our colleagues who want to continue to support this. What I am hearing  from some really far-right Republicans is a refusal to work with us to  extend this program, and that is going to be devastating for so many  families across the country, including in Nevada, including Christine's  families whom she works with.   Thousands of them are going to see skyrocketing costs next year.  Parents who have no one else to look after their children will face  impossible choices, and many will choose to leave the workforce so that  they can care for their kids themselves. Providers won't be able to  continue to pay their staffs, forcing many to look for employment  elsewhere, and childcare programs across the country will shut down.  Families will have to stay on longer waiting lists for even more time  to access the remaining programs. We just cannot let that happen.   Childcare is critical for our families. This isn't a partisan issue;  this is about helping working families across the country. This is what  they want. This is what I hear in my State. This is what I hear across  the country. We  [[Page S5668]]  have to pass the Child Care Stabilization Act now to protect it and to  protect our families.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Massachusetts.   