 Madam President, our Federal permitting process is  broken.   Back home in Wyoming, important infrastructure and energy projects  are oftentimes delayed years due to mountains of regulation, redtape,  bureaucracy, and even lawsuits. This is absolutely unacceptable. It is  impossible for small businesses to even get off the ground thanks to  these hurdles.   It is time to reform our Federal permitting process, and I am glad  some of my colleagues from across the aisle are coming around to the  idea of permitting reform. Some on the left are finally warming up to  reform to try to push renewable energy projects.   Permitting reform needs to address all types of energy technologies,  fuel, and projects. For that reason, any bipartisan effort needs to  actually address the underlying statutes, including the National  Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA; the Endangered Species Act; the  Clean Water Act; and the Clean Air Act. Window dressing will no longer  do.   Since NEPA is the single most litigated environmental statute,  litigation reform needs to be part of the final product. Litigation  reflects something is broken; that it is not working well. Some would  have you believe otherwise. Litigation is the result of something is  not working well. The average time for NEPA processes is 4\1/2\ years-- nearly half a decade.   We also need to think about the processes and projects that have  never been started because of these challenges. The costs of getting  NEPA and getting an environmental impact statement are so high and take  so long that some projects are never undertaken.   I have a friend in Wyoming who has been trying for over 10 years to  get through the NEPA process to open a rare earth minerals mine so as  to mine rare earth minerals we desperately need in this country so that  we don't have to rely on places like China and the Republic of the  Congo. But this man is going to retire because he is ready to retire,  and this process is still ongoing. All that time, all that money, all  that energy is being reduced to nothing because a process has taken the  place of mining the rare earth minerals we desperately need in this  country.    I applaud Senator Shelley Moore Capito's leadership in addressing  meaningful permitting reform. Her legislation will provide regulatory  certainty to States and stakeholders, codify environmental regulatory  reforms, and expedite permitting and review processes.   I am especially excited about the idea of allowing States to take on  more of the shared workload when it comes to permitting, particularly  under the Endangered Species Act.   I look forward to the Senate taking up this bill and providing much- needed permitting reform.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Jake Newton  and Casey Foss--interns in my office--be granted floor privileges until  May 4, 2023.   