 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment highlights the importance of the  Thriving Communities Program within the Department of Transportation,  which my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have struck funding  for.   The Biden-Harris administration launched the much-needed program in  2022 to prepare State, local, Tribal, and territorial governments to  better access Federal funding for their communities. This program is  intended to help provide technical assistance to underresourced and  disadvantaged communities to help them identify, develop, and deliver  on transportation, housing, and other much-needed community  revitalization opportunities.   It is unfortunate to see that my colleagues on the other side have  eliminated this program, which helps communities in their own  districts. Not only does the program provide technical assistance, but  it also provides  [[Page H5454]]  grant and financial management support, predevelopment assistance,  community engagement, planning, and project delivery support.   With historical funding provided by the bipartisan infrastructure law  and the Inflation Reduction Act, it has been a priority for the Biden- Harris administration to ensure Federal investments that tackle  climate, clean energy, and transportation initiatives are equitably  distributed to economically disadvantaged communities as well as rural  communities.   In fact, many of the same colleagues who approve of slashing this  funding have actually enjoyed and celebrated the projects built in  their districts with this money.   I represent El Paso, Texas, an economically disadvantaged community  that would benefit from the Thriving Communities Program. By  eliminating this program, communities like mine and many like it across  the country will not have the needed resources or equal opportunity to  access and benefit from available Federal funding for vital projects in  their communities. Rural communities, especially, will suffer.   As we all know, economically disadvantaged and rural communities  across this country deserve programs like this because they know their  needs but lack the needed resources to seek Federal funding.   It is programs like the Thriving Communities Program that continue to  help the most vulnerable access the historic Federal funding passed by  the bipartisan infrastructure law and Inflation Reduction Act.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Quigley).    Mr. Chair, eliminating this funding is reckless. It will  make it harder for underserved and rural communities across the United  States to access this much-needed Federal funding.   We know that investment in infrastructure doesn't just help rebuild  our country, but it also creates badly needed American jobs that help  communities across America thrive. That is why I ask my colleagues to  support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   