 Mr. President, I am delighted that the Senate is  proceeding to consideration of the Fire Grants and Safety Act.   This bipartisan legislation, which my colleague from Michigan,  Senator Peters, the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, and I  have introduced, is cosponsored by our fellow congressional Fire Caucus  chairs: Senators Murkowski, Tester, and Carper. Our bill would extend  critical FEMA fire prevention programs, some of which are set to expire  at the end of this fiscal year.   Mr. President, your State of Vermont and mine are a lot alike.  Firefighters are critical to the safety of our communities, whether  they are small or large.   Firefighters across Maine and the country courageously serve their  communities. Recognizing their commitment in 2000 and 2003, I helped  create FEMA's firefighter grant programs as part of a bipartisan effort  to ensure that firefighters have the adequate staffing, equipment, and  training to do their essential jobs as effectively and safely as  possible. At that time, I was the chair or ranking member of the Senate  Homeland Security Committee.   The Fire Grants and Safety Act would reauthorize four critical  firefighting and emergency services programs: the U.S. Fire  Administration, which provides training and data to State and local  fire departments, as well as education and awareness for the public;  the Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program, known as the AFG, which  helps to equip and train firefighters and emergency personnel; the Fire  Prevention and Safety Grant Program, which provides resources to carry  out fire prevention education and training; and the Staffing for  Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Program, better known as the SAFER  Program, which helps our local fire departments recruit, hire, and  retain additional firefighters.   Since October of 2020, fire departments across Maine have received  just under $12 million from the AFG and SAFER grant programs. These  critical investments in local, rural fire departments supported  replacements of decades-old fire engines and obsolete breathing  apparatuses. They also allowed for the hiring of additional  firefighters, thus helping to ensure that Maine communities continue to  provide excellent public safety services to our residents.   I have visited many of the fire stations around the State, and I have  seen firsthand the difference these Federal grant programs make in  improving the safety of our firefighters who risk their lives to  protect ours. Many of the fire stations in Maine are decades or even a  century old. They need updated equipment. They need better breathing  [[Page S1155]]  equipment. They need better fire engines. That is the purpose of many  of these programs.   They also are helped by these programs in getting a sufficient number  of firefighters and emergency medical personnel. Fire chiefs across the  State of Maine tell me of the critical importance of these programs in  helping their local fire departments keep their communities safe. And  that is one reason that this bill has such broad support from the  International Association of Firefighters, the International  Association of Fire Chiefs--the list goes on and on and on.   Failure to reauthorize these programs would lessen the ability of our  firefighters to perform their vital jobs and thus would reduce the  safety of the public. So I urge all of my colleagues to support the  swift passage of this legislation to support our firefighters. We  simply cannot allow these vital programs to expire.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   