 Madam President, I rise today to speak on the resolution  submitted by Senator Rubio of Florida. I wanted to also start with sort  of an explanation of where we find ourselves.   You hear the expression ``Made in America'' and ``Buy America''  policies. What are those? That is the simple proposition that when we  are spending Federal tax dollars, your tax dollars, we want to see  those ultimately benefit U.S. workers and U.S. small businesses and  medium-size businesses. That is what ``Make it in America'' or ``Buy  America'' policies accomplish.   But I want to start also with what this Congressional Review Act  resolution would do. This resolution would prohibit the Federal Highway  Administration's February 2023 rule, which, as you heard from Senator  Stabenow, removes electric vehicle chargers from the Agency's blanket  ``Buy America'' waiver from taking effect.   The Federal Highway Administration's rule implements what we would  call a phase-in policy or an onramp policy that increases ``Buy  America'' requirements for electric vehicle chargers. By July 2024, all  EV chargers purchased with Federal Highway Administration dollars, your  taxpayer dollars, must be in full compliance with the ``Build  America,'' ``Buy America'' rules.   If you eliminate this rule, as the Rubio resolution would do, it  would remove all ``Buy America'' restrictions for EV charger purchases,  allowing Federal taxpayer dollars, your dollars, to buy chargers from  China, which is rapidly scaling up their charger manufacturing in order  to offer the lowest cost product.   Because of this FHA rule, manufacturers are locating their facilities  in the United States. For example, Ingeteam, the European market  leader, has built a facility in Milwaukee, WI, where hundreds of union  workers will make half a million EV chargers. This is because this rule  requires EV chargers to be assembled in the United States when they are  funded with Federal taxpayer dollars.   Under the Rubio resolution, those requirements go away. They vanish.  The requirements go away because chargers will once again become  subject to the Federal Highway Administration's blanket waiver for  manufactured products, which has been in place since 1983.   I am no fan of this blanket waiver. Since I got to the Senate, I have  been pushing to get rid of it. Frustration with this waiver is one of  the reasons I worked with my colleagues--Senators Brown, Portman,  Stabenow, Braun, and Peters--to get ``Buy America'' requirements into  the infrastructure law. Because of our work, that law requires the  Federal Highway Administration to request public notice and comment on  its blanket waiver--something it did in May of this year.   If you are a Senator who opposes the Federal Highway Administration's  blanket waiver, like me, you might, say, submit a comment during the  open comment period--something I did--or ask the Secretary of  Transportation to commit to rescinding the blanket waiver in a  committee hearing--something I did--or maybe even vote for the  legislation that requires the Agency to review the waiver--something I  did, along with 19 of my Republican colleagues. But the sponsor of this  resolution, Senator Rubio, did not do any of the things I just  mentioned. It makes me think and the resolution itself suggests that he  is more interested in scoring political points rather than doing the  hard work of increasing the number of products and the number of  programs that are subject to ``Buy America'' requirements.   That is why United Steelworkers, who represent thousands of workers  in Wisconsin and in Florida and who actually make things--that is why  they oppose this resolution, and that is why I encourage my colleagues  to do the same.   Am I fully satisfied with the job this administration has done to  implement ``Buy America''? The answer is no, I am not. But this  resolution makes things worse, not better. If we want to improve the  administration's implementation of ``Buy America,'' we need to give  Agencies the resources they need to do outreach to industry.   I have supported ``Buy America'' for as long as I have been in the  U.S. Congress. It used to be a lonely battle, and it has been at times.  So I am very pleased that I have many new allies on the Republican side  of the aisle who claim to support ``Buy America.''   Welcome to the team. I look forward to working with you and to  getting this administration the resources it needs to successfully  implement ``Buy America'' instead of supporting this resolution that  would make things worse.   With that, I yield the floor.   