 Mr. Chair, I rise to oppose this bill because  it is incomprehensible to me that the majority would actually spend as  much time--really, any time--on culture war riders and focusing on  their extremist priorities as opposed to protecting the national  security interests of our Nation.   Here we are, once again, considering a bill that has no chance of  becoming law as we hurdle recklessly toward a costly government  shutdown that will be damaging most importantly to the morale of our  troops, which this bill purports to actually want to protect, and to  the defense of our Nation.   Worse, this historically bipartisan national security bill has been  hijacked by radical rightwing extremists. Instead of confronting grave  national security threats like climate change, this bill is riddled  with bigoted attacks on Americans who bravely serve our Nation. It  needlessly politicizes the military and undermines the freedoms of  those who risk their lives to protect ours.   My colleagues across the aisle were tasked with crafting a Defense  bill that supports all of our servicemembers, not just those who are  White, straight, and conservative, and they failed miserably on that  mission.   I won't stand idly by as culture warriors try to undermine the  service of LGBTQ+ individuals who bravely fought and continue to fight  for our country every day.   To top it off, listen to this: The report that goes along with this  bill puts the word ``extremism'' in quotes. Republicans can't even  admit that this is a real concept or threat.   I plead with my Republican colleagues to put forward a Defense bill  that focuses on the real needs of the members of our military, focuses  on the actual national security interests of our country, and stops  feeding the extremism that is actually emanating from their own party.  I beg them to stop using this critical bill, one that we literally  count on to keep every American family safe, as a disruptive wedge for  partisan, discriminatory policies.   Keep America strong. Don't divide it.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise to express grave concern that the majority has included in the  Homeland Security appropriations bill a cut to the Nonprofit Security  Grant Program. In the face of the grave and significant threats against  nonprofit organizations across this country, rising threats toward  religious and other nonprofit institutions, these cuts will likely have  a profound impact on the safety of our community across the country and  in Florida and our community in particular.   We strive to foster an open and safe environment in our communities  and our houses of worship, in line with the core value of welcoming the  stranger.   According to the Department of Homeland Security, the FBI, and the  CTC, faith-based institutions are more susceptible to attacks by  violent extremists due to their symbolism, perceived lack of security,  and accessible locations.   We are going in the wrong direction in this bill, and the amendment  to increase the amount of funding provided for nonprofit security  grants is critical. At a time of increased vulnerability to threats of  hate-motivated violence by domestic extremists, the House should be  significantly increasing funding for religious institutions and at-risk  nonprofit organizations, not cutting them and putting more people at  risk. Shame on us if we don't increase the bottom-line number for  nonprofit security grants.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment gives my Republican  colleagues a chance to reconsider some of the cruel and reckless  partisan riders tacked onto this atrocity of a Homeland Security bill.   Republicans are really done, obviously, pretending that they just  want people to immigrate here legally. This bill puts their bitter  disdain for all immigrants on clear display because when President  Biden set up legal pathways to reduce pressure at the border, the  radical right objected. They took aim at Dreamers and refugees with  legal status. By taking away their right to work, they threaten to harm  our economy, jack up inflation, and condemn these communities to  poverty in the process. That is not securing the homeland. It is  inflicting vicious harm.   Instead of registering immigrants and offering the chance to work and  pay taxes, this bill would leave immigrants to languish in private  prisons that fail to meet bare minimum standards for convicts, all at  taxpayer expense.   This Republican bill blocks inspections of detention facilities so  our constituents can't see the horrific treatment and squalid  conditions that migrants are forced to endure.   Even that malevolence doesn't satisfy my Republican colleagues.  Listen carefully here. This bill goes further to mandate that every  last one of these prisons is filled to the brim, packed full of people  who have not been convicted of a crime, have not faced a judge, and  have not seen a lawyer.   Finally, this bill blocks legally admitted migrants from being  reunited with their families, separating children, even toddlers, from  their families. Yet, MAGA Republicans will still preach to all of us  about family values.   I know the people they are marginalizing in this bill, people who  come from Venezuela, Cuba, and Haiti. They are my neighbors, my  friends, my children's classmates. They are like family in my  community.   None of us are happy with our immigration system. Why not work toward  a bipartisan plan that balances legal pathways with unbiased  enforcement?   The secret is out: Republicans don't want a solution. They want more  chaos and more heartbreak. They want more desperate people trying their  luck against the Rio Grande or the Florida Straits instead of safely  applying online from home and coming through a port of entry. The pain  is the point for these extremists.   Mr. Chair, I wish my amendment could make sense of this bill, but  these provisions barely scratch the surface. All I can hope is that my  colleagues will show a shred of courage and common sense, even if it  means facing jeers from the radical rightwing fringe, their base who is  holding this majority hostage.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in countering this effort  to deepen the despair of families who have had enough of it for one  lifetime.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I will give a couple of examples of  the type of torture that the language in this bill supports and  endorses.   One provision, section 404, prohibits funds for asylum officers to  adjudicate fear claims, which is the point of our asylum program.    Republicans include the perfect provision to demonstrate that they  value disrupting due process for migrants more than they value speeding  up results for their constituents. They want to block asylum officers,  who receive extensive training and face enough difficulties as it is,  from assessing whether refugees have a reasonable claim to asylum.   While Republicans continue to engage in massive hyperbole, leaving  people with the impression that people are storming the border, this  bill actually prevents a lawful, orderly asylum process from occurring  because the Republicans defund it in this bill.   Another section eliminates the inspections of detention facilities.  All I have heard since the MAGA majority gaveled in this Congress is  oversight, oversight, oversight. Yet, when it comes to our detention  facilities where vulnerable women and families are held indefinitely  without a trial or legal counsel, Republicans want no oversight at all.   These inspections are critical. These inspectors ought to get combat  pay for what they walk into. At one facility in my home State, Mr.  Chair, an investigation found severe violations, including sexual  voyeurism by guards, denial of menstrual products as punishment,  refusal of lifesaving medication and healthcare, beatings, and extended  solitary confinement.   Yet, Republicans in this Homeland Security bill actually eliminate  funding for inspections of detention facilities and allow this torture  to continue. It is outrageous.   Mr. Chair, I will use the balance of my time to underscore my fierce  opposition to these toxic anti-immigrant provisions.   I will always stand up to counterattacks on legal pathways for  migrants. I will also condemn cruelty against the vulnerable, even when  it is justified by deterrence. I will never stay silent when  opportunists try to blind the American people to the trauma we are  inflicting on a generation of refugees.   The extreme MAGA Republicans ignored dozens of commonsense requests  from bipartisan Members regarding detention conditions, preserving  asylum access, and ensuring that Congress upholds its oversight  responsibility.   Mr. Chair, I hope my colleagues will join me in mitigating the most  harmful components of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   