 Mr. Chair, when I first heard of the Save Our Gas  Stoves Act, I thought it was a joke. It turns out the joke is on me  because here I am on the floor debating this.   Of course, I planned to speak on this bill last week, but Republicans  imploded in their dysfunction and prevented Congress from working.   American families want answers to the high prices they see in the  grocery stores. They want answers to why their children are being shot  and killed in their places of worship and at graduations. They want  answers to why Republicans are targeting their LGBTQ family members and  loved ones.   Republicans are responding to these pressing issues by talking about  what stove you can own.   For a party that touts freedom, there seems to be some confusion  about what that word actually means because some people might want the  freedom to purchase an energy-efficient stove that actually helps the  environment.   Let's get into it. This legislation would prohibit the Department of  Energy from moving forward with a congressionally mandated efficiency  standard, a standard, by the way, that would help people with their  energy bills, and a Department of Energy, by the way, that doesn't have  the authority to ban your gas stoves.   If this is the Republican messaging bill, then what is the message?  That Republicans can't govern? That they are not in tune with the  American people? That they don't care about the real issues?    I would give them some credit if Republicans talked about the issues  of the day, like the fact that the frontrunner for the Republican Party  already found liable of sexual assault was arraigned today on 37 counts  of Federal criminal charges, including violating the Espionage Act,  which is reserved for enemies of the state. A stove is not an enemy of  the state. Or if they talked about the fact that we had more mass  shootings than days in the year, and we just passed a bill to make  handguns more dangerous.   Do you want to keep people safe? Then regulate guns, not stoves.  Convict criminals, not cooktops, because stoves are not killing people.  Stoves are not accelerating homelessness. Stoves are not exacerbating  crime. We  [[Page H2859]]  could be talking about any number of pressing issues of substantive  things to legislate, but stoves?   I actually told folks in my district that Republicans care more about  how you cook your cupcakes than how to keep your children alive.   If this is an example of Republican messaging, then we have a real  problem.   I will say it again: The American people want us to focus on issues  like immigration, climate change, gun violence, the right to have an  abortion, the questionable ethics of SCOTUS Justices, the need to  regain competitive status with global allies, bringing home U.S.  hostages, rebuilding our infrastructure, getting people out of poverty,  feeding children, protecting caregivers who take care of our children  and our elderly, protecting firefighters from toxic chemicals, and  fighting against gender violence at home and abroad.   These are real issues where America can lead, not how you cook with  your stove.    Mr. Chair, I will say it again: I have seen it  all, and I am here to tell you Republicans: The emperor has no clothes.   We should be talking about the pressing issues of the day. China is  not coming after us because of our stoves.   Mr. Chair, I ask for a ``no'' vote on this legislation.   