 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in favor of my amendment No. 58 to  H.R. 4665. This amendment would prohibit funding for the State  Department's Office of Global Change.   Mr. Chairman, the underlying bill rightfully targets U.S. taxpayer  dollars from being sent to globalists who foment climate change  hysteria and that provide no benefits to American citizens.   While the underlying bill provides temporary relief from these bad  policies, we must target the actual source of this nonsense. That is  why my amendment is needed.   The Office of Global Change is responsible for implementing and  managing the U.S. international policy on climate change. It is, in  other words, the executive office that was created with the mission  statement of funding our enemies and destroying our own prosperity.   This is the office that oversees all of Mr. Biden's misguided  policies, and we must, therefore, cut off the source of that funding by  targeting the money, not just play whack-a-mole whenever a new issue  arises.   Any American that is concerned about the globalist agenda  infiltrating our sovereign decision-making process should be concerned  about any office whose mission statement is ``global change,''  especially when this global change is all about disrupting and  destroying our reliable, clean, and affordable domestic energy  resources so that they can force a green dystopia that will cause  energy poverty on a massive scale.   The Office of Global Change seeks to force CCP-inspired policies on  the U.S. so that we become more and more energy insecure while the CCP,  the Chinese Communist Party, becomes more and more energy independent  and secure.   If this majority is to deliver on the promises that we made to the  American people, which means substituting radical climate politics for  actual real governance, we must identify and eradicate the source of  the problems. That means defunding the Office of Global Change.   My amendment would do just that.   Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, again, I think what folks need to understand  is that the Office of Global Change is responsible for implementing and  managing the U.S. international policy on climate change, the very  purpose of which is to destroy the prosperity of the United States of  America.   As I listened to my colleagues on the other side talk about the  ``existential crisis'' that we face because of climate change or the  other rote talking points that they use, what you find is that none of  those talking points, none of that hysteria is actually rooted in  science, other than political science.   Every decision that has been made by the Biden administration in  relation to energy policy has resulted in real, immediate energy  poverty for thousands, if not millions, of people across the United  States of America.   The failed policies of this administration have been visited upon us  from the very moment that Joe Biden took office when he started  canceling pipelines to be able to deliver affordable, clean,  accessible, reliable energy.   I find it to be absolutely astounding to listen to the other side  talk about issues of poverty and things around the world when we have  an administration who right now with their policies is creating that  very policy here.   We watch the border crisis and we see millions of people pouring  across the border. We see what is happening in our inner cities. We see  what is happening with people who have to make a decision about buying  food or buying gasoline. Yet, they want to talk about funding an agency  that the very purpose of which is to visit energy poverty around the  world upon millions and millions of people.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of amendment 58. We  do not need an Office of Global Change. We need to defund it. That is  the purpose of my amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in favor of my amendment No. 59 to  H.R. 4665.   Mr. Chair, this amendment would prohibit State Department Remote Work  Agreements, which allow a domestically assigned employee's alternative  worksite to be located outside of the locality pay area of the regular  worksite.   Now that is a lot of words that may seem confusing, but let me  explain what I mean.   What it is at bottom is it is time for the Federal workforce to  return to work. This has been the policy of the Republicans in the  118th Congress majority, and my amendment would bring the State  Department in line with this stance.   Several concerns with Federal telework and remote work arose during  COVID. One concern rightfully echoed by countless Americans struggling  to make ends meet is whether Federal workers were receiving increased  locality pay based off the cost of living in larger cities while they  were actually working remotely from a different location where the cost  of living was much less.   Mr. Chairman, you can imagine my concern when I found that the State  Department's Foreign Affairs Manual defines its remote work agreement  as ``full-time core telework arrangements in which the teleworker's  `alternate worksite' is located outside of the locality pay area of the  regular worksite for the employee's position of record.''   Remote and telework for Federal employees should be used sparingly.  It should be used to accommodate health issues. It should be used  during a crisis. In other words, during select situations. It should  not be used as a hidden benefit for Federal workers so that they can  pocket extra cost-of-living cash.   Our Republican House majority should be committed to reforming  Federal remote work, so it is fair and reasonable and used only when  needed.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I think there is a misunderstanding on the  other side of the aisle as to the purpose of my bill. The purpose of  this bill is very simple. If you are being paid to live in Denver and  work in Denver and your cost of living is associated with living in  Denver, you should not be able to live in a little, tiny town of 300  people 200 miles away that has a substantially less cost of living but  continue to receive your benefits based upon the more expensive cost of  living that is in Denver, Colorado.   That is just the purpose of this. If you are going to live in a lower  cost-of-living area and telework, you shouldn't be paid as though you  are living in a large city. That is the point of this. It is very  simple.   It is about nothing more than fairness. I think the American people  expect our Federal employees to be honest about where they are working  and the cost of living that they have. I do not believe that it is  fair, and the American people don't believe that it is fair that we are  actually paying people to live in more expensive areas while they are  living in less expensive areas.   That is not what we agreed to as Congress. I don't believe that it is  appropriate, and I urge my fellow Members to support amendment No. 59.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   