 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman and, of course,  the chairwoman, as well, for their leadership.   Madam Speaker, just a few minutes ago, we were on the floor  discussing an impeachment of the President of the United States for  protecting and doing his job for the American people. I think we fail  to understand that the Statue of Liberty is still in the New York  Harbor--bring your forlorn and depressed--and that this is a Nation of  laws and immigrants.   From the very beginning of ages, this Nation was founded by those who  came from somewhere else. They crossed the  [[Page H3091]]  waters to come. The indigenous people were here, but that was all, and  certainly we know the history of slavery.   I am stunned by, first, the impeachment order, if you will,  attempting to impeach for differences of positions in policies. Now I  come to try and understand a misconstrued, misdirected, and really  painful resolution--as the gentleman from Virginia said  ``nonbinding''--and it seems that what we are doing is showing dislike  and contempt for children.   I believe in children, and what is being done by local government is  to find relief for children. Find relief. These schools in New York--I  know them well--are large. They are old and large. They have many  different sectors and segments that a city executive can utilize safely  for children.   This is about children, and for those who just made profile press  conference trips to the border, I have been to the border at night, in  the day, in the morning over the years. I have held babies in my arms  that have gotten off buses.    Madam Speaker, I have seen children wanting their  parents. I have seen the Trump era of snatching children away. This is  wrongheaded.   This is not dangerous to the children in the schools, and our local  jurisdictions should be allowed to make determined decisions in  response to what is a migrant fever, if you will.   However, let me add something that the government should be looking  at, which is why the State of Texas has taken over the seventh largest  school district, that all the parents, board members, teachers are  against? Houston Independent School District is suffering. Is there  anyone here or my friends on the other side of the aisle willing to  address that ridiculous, ludicrous takeover undermining teachers' and  parents' will?   I thought we were for parents. Houston Independent School District  should not be taken over, and it is a consternation in our community.  Because of that, I believe we are doing the wrong thing here. The  underlying bill should be opposed, and we should be standing with the  people of Houston who refuse to have a takeover of a very effective  school district, the Houston Independent School District. Madam  Speaker, let's do the right thing on the floor and support our  children.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition of H. Res. 461, condemning  the use of elementary and secondary school facilities to provide  shelter for aliens who are not admitted to the United States.   This resolution condemns using the facilities of a public elementary  or secondary school that serves students to provides shelter for non- U.S. nationals who are not admitted into the United States.   As a Member on the Homeland Security committee, and more specifically  the Border Security and Enforcement subcommittee, I interact with those  at the border and migrants frequently.   I believe that a comprehensive approach is needed to solving the  current immigration crisis.   However, I think it is essential that migrants are brought and  allowed into the country through legal immigration.   I am a strong proponent of humanitarian aid efforts in the  immigration context, from preventing the breakup of individual families  as a result of a wrongful deportation to ensuring that victims of civil  wars and national disasters around the globe receive a temporary  protected status under the U.S. immigration laws.   We should not condemn the use of public elementary or secondary  schools provide shelter for non-U.S. nationals who are not admitted  into the United States.   I acknowledge that school are places of learning and development for  students, but there are time periods when school campuses are not being  used, such as during school breaks.   Because of this, the space could be used for humanitarian aid  purposes, such as allowing migrants to stay there while they wait for  legal processing and paperwork to conclude.   Other exceptions need to be reviewed, such as whether migrants could  stay at schools when school is in-session, but humanitarian aid should  not be overlooked in the immigration context.   As a leading country on the global stage, it is our duty and  responsibility to assist who we can in a legal manner.   