 Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to this  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose this amendment. This  amendment would prohibit the District of Columbia from using its local  funds to require an individual to receive a COVID-19 vaccine.   How D.C. spends its local funds, which consists of local taxes and  fees, should be a decision for D.C., not Congress. If D.C.'s local  elected officials want to spend local funds on requiring individuals to  receive a COVID-19 vaccine, they should have the authority to do so. If  they do not want to spend local D.C. funds on requiring individuals to  receive a COVID-19 vaccine, they should have the authority not to do  so.   D.C.'s local elected officials are accountable to D.C. residents. If  D.C. residents do not like the decisions of their local elected  officials, they can vote them out of office.   D.C. residents, a majority of whom are Black and Brown, are capable  and worthy of governing themselves. If House Republicans cared about  democratic principles or D.C. residents, they would bring my D.C.  statehood bill which would give D.C. residents voting representation in  Congress and full local self-government to this floor.   Congress has the constitutional authority to admit the State of  Washington, D.C. It simply lacks the will.   I say to every Member of Congress, keep your hands off D.C. If you  want to legislate on local D.C. matters, become a D.C. resident and get  elected Mayor or councilmember.   Mr. Chair, I urge colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank my good friend for yielding.   Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose this amendment.   This amendment would prohibit the use of funds in this bill for the  purchase or construction of any new building in the District of  Columbia. The purchase or construction of new Federal buildings can  save taxpayers money and improve government operations.   The ongoing consolidation of the Department of Homeland Security's  headquarters at St. Elizabeth's in the District of Columbia is a prime  example of how new construction can result in significant savings for  taxpayers.   The Department is currently housed in more than 50 separate locations  throughout the national capital region, and 79 percent of those leases  will expire in the next 5 years. Consolidating the Department at St.  Elizabeth's will reduce the Department's leasing portfolio and costs by  at least 20 percent in accordance with the Reduce the Footprint policy  of the General Services Administration as required by Congress and is  estimated to result in $1.17 billion in savings.   If this amendment were adopted, the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure  Security Agency and the Office of Intelligence and Analysis would be  forced to extend expensive short-term leases at significant taxpayer  cost.   The consolidation of the Department at St. Elizabeth's is important  for streamlining operations and coordination among key Department  agencies and offices.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise to claim the time in opposition to this  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose this amendment. This  amendment would prohibit the District of Columbia from using its local  funds to carry out the section of D.C.'s Immunization of School  Students Act of 1979 that required students to receive a COVID-19  vaccine.   D.C. has already repealed this section. While the repeal of the  section expires on January 23, 2024, yesterday the D.C. Council passed  legislation that would permanently repeal this section.   Nevertheless, how D.C. spends its local funds, which consist of local  taxes and fees, should be a decision for D.C., not Congress.   If D.C.'s locally elected officials want to spend local D.C. funds to  carry out COVID-19 vaccine requirements for students, they should have  the authority to do so.  [[Page H5639]]    If they do not want to spend D.C.'s local funds to carry out COVID-19  vaccine requirements for students, they should have the authority not  to do so.   D.C.'s locally elected officials are accountable to D.C. residents.  If D.C. residents do not like the decisions of their locally elected  officials, they can vote them out of office.   D.C. residents, the majority of whom are Black and Brown, are capable  of governing themselves. If House Republicans cared about democratic  principles or D.C. residents, they would bring my D.C. statehood bill,  which would give D.C. residents voting representation in Congress and  full local self-government, to this floor.   Congress has the constitutional authority to admit the State of  Washington, D.C. It simply lacks the will.   I say to every Member of Congress: Keep your hands off D.C. If you  want to legislate on local D.C. matters, become a D.C. resident and get  elected Mayor or councilmember.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   