 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to vote  for my bipartisan and very much commonsense legislation, the Small  Business Contracting Transparency Act, that will help level the playing  field for underrepresented entrepreneurs across the country.   I thank my Republican colleague, Representative Pete Stauber, for his  partnership on this legislation. Furthermore, I thank Chairman Williams  and Ranking Member Velazquez for their leadership in advancing this  legislation through the Small Business Committee on a unanimous basis.  I thank them for me being able to stand on their shoulders on this.   As a former entrepreneur myself, I understand the many challenges  that come with running and scaling a business. Every day brings a  unique challenge. I regularly hear from businessowners in my own  community, in Pennsylvania's Sixth District, who are navigating  inflation, supply chain challenges, workforce needs, and so much more.   One way that our Federal Government can help protect entrepreneurs is  to address these issues and ultimately succeed. One way they can do  that is by providing contracting opportunities for small business  owners. For entrepreneurs who are seeking to do business with our  Federal Government, I know that every single contract secured or lost  can be the difference in keeping Americans on their payroll or losing  them, expanding or scaling back their operations, or beating or missing  their projections.   That is why the Federal small business contracting programs are so  very important. Through these programs, the Federal Government  maintains its various statutory goals that ensure equitable  participation by small businesses, and importantly, by underrepresented  small businesses in Federal contracting.   Across various agencies, the Federal Government aims to provide 5  percent of Federal prime contracts to women-owned small businesses, 3  percent to service-disabled veteran-owned businesses, and 3 percent to  the Historically Underutilized Business Zone, otherwise known as  HUBZone, small businesses, as well.   While figures like 5 percent or 3 percent may not sound a whole lot  like large targets, our Federal Government, unfortunately, struggles  regularly to meet them.   Indeed, in fiscal year 2022, the Federal Government failed to reach  its target goals for both women-owned businesses and HUBZone small  businesses, as well. Even more troubling, the Federal Government has  only met the statutory goal of awarding 5 percent of contracts to  women-owned businesses twice in the last 23 years.    In addition, the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, has cited  deficiencies in the Small Business Administration's oversight of the  program.   It is clear that disadvantaged entrepreneurs continue to be  underrepresented when it comes to Federal contract funding, and that is  hurting the economy, both at a micro level and at a macro or national  level. It is well past time that Congress is able to act to ensure that  these programs are working as they were designed and intended to do.   That is why I introduced my bill, H.R. 4670, the bipartisan Small  Business Contracting Transparency Act. My legislation will increase  transparency, oversight, and will increase accountability of the Small  Business Administration's Women-Owned, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned,  and HUBZone Small Business Contracting programs.   Notably, this bill requires the SBA to submit to Congress annual  reports that benchmark critical data, including: the number of small  businesses that are certified, the total dollar amount of contracts  awarded to qualifying businesses, and the number of contracts that are  incorrectly awarded to ineligible recipients, among other figures, as  well.   Simply put, my bill, the Small Business Contracting Transparency Act,  will allow Congress and the SBA to improve these Federal contracting  programs to ensure that these programs run efficiently and to  ultimately benefit disadvantaged entrepreneurs in their pursuit of  securing government contracts. In turn, we will strengthen our economy,  we will support Main Streets all over in every ZIP Code, and we will  grow the middle class.   The time to act is now, especially as the Federal Government works to  award additional contracts through this historic implementation of the  bipartisan Infrastructure Investments and Jobs Act, the bipartisan  CHIPS and Science Act, and the Inflation Reduction Act, as well.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my Republican colleague, Representative Pete  Stauber, for his partnership in this really important legislation. Once  again, I thank Chairman Williams and Ranking Member Velazquez for their  leadership in this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this Small Business  Contracting Transparency Act that will  [[Page H5917]]  help level the playing field for entrepreneurs in Pennsylvania, and  indeed, across the Nation, as well.   