 Mr. President, I rise tonight to speak about important  legislation that was included in the National Defense Authorization Act  tonight and something that will help us fight the scourge of illicit  fentanyl in the United States of America.   An urgent public health crisis is gripping our State and many other  parts of the United States. I want to thank my colleagues Senator Scott  from South Carolina and Senator Brown from Ohio for their leadership on  the bipartisan legislation known as the FEND Act that was included in  tonight's legislation.   The fentanyl crisis is having a direct and dire impact on families in  the State of Washington and all throughout the United States. In the  past 12 months, more than 65,000 Americans have died by overdosing on  synthetic opioids like fentanyl. That is why it is so important that,  tonight, included in this legislation is the FEND Act, and that is part  of a response that we need to have to take this national crisis  seriously.   This legislation declares the international trafficking of fentanyl,  and its precursors needed to make it, a national emergency. This gives  the President and us the focus that we need to fight, as it says in the  legislation, ``an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national  security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States.''   Mr. President, a crisis of this magnitude demands a robust Federal  response, and that is why this legislation provides the President with  new tools to stop the illicit fentanyl flooding our borders and those  who are trying to transport it into our country.   First, the new tools in this legislation are sanctions targeting  transnational criminal organizations and foreigners engaged in  international fentanyl trafficking. The bill specifically calls out  eight known cartels in Mexico, which means that Treasury can  investigate suspicious activities involved here and declare sanctions.  It recognizes that these traffickers, once identified, can have  sanctions imposed and can have forfeiture of their property.   Recognizing that fentanyl production is not simply these entities but  also diverse networks of players, this legislation helps us go after  those. Sanctions will enable the U.S. Government to try to disrupt the  flow of this product: the distributors, the brokers, the wholesalers,  the retailers, the sellers of precursors--anyone who is involved in  trafficking these deadly pills can now be targeted.   Second, the Senate-passed legislation goes after financial  institutions that participate in fentanyl-related money laundering.  Once caught, property forfeited by international fentanyl traffickers  can be used by the Department of Justice and State and local law  enforcements to help participate in additional investigations, and this  legislation also empowers Treasury to use special measures to pursue  fentanyl-related and other types of drug laundering activity. For  example, a foreign financial institution engaged in fentanyl-related  money laundering, it can impose restrictions on those banks and U.S.  banks doing business with those foreign entities.   So the bottom line is there are new tools. Once this legislation  makes it to the President's desk and through the finish of our  colleagues working together on a final House and Senate NDAA package,  it will give the U.S. Government Agencies more tools to disrupt the  illicit fentanyl trafficking and the supply chains that exist  internationally.   Severely penalizing those engaged in fentanyl trafficking is just one  step. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, my  State, Washington, experienced the single highest increase among U.S.  States in reported drug overdoses last year--an increase of more than  21 percent.    Hundreds of traumatized families that will never be the same,  thousands of first responders struggling to cope with this daily  tragedy that they respond to--the statistics are stunning, but they are  also just very tragic. Sometimes it is hard to even listen to the  stories, but I have been going around my State listening to people  affected by this crisis and talking to those in my State about the  opportunities to do something--the heart-wrenching stories of  individuals who have been impacted by this: a mother whose son went off  to college and just simply didn't come home; a beloved brother who  fought addiction for years and who got help to kick heroin, got sober,  and got his life back but then, sadly, succumbed to fentanyl; a woman  struggling with addiction who realized she needed help but then  couldn't find a bed available for detox, only to hear, time and time  again, that such a bed did not exist; a young man who took a single  pill he thought was Percocet who died from an illicit counterfeit pill  laced with fentanyl.   That is why we need legislation. In addition to the FEND Off Fentanyl  Act, we need to do more with just the supply. In the Tri-Cities, a  police officer told me that their local task force has already seized  over 200,000 fentanyl pills this year. Statewide, we have already  surpassed the number of fentanyl seizures in all of last year. Law  enforcement in Washington has already seized more than 1.6 million  fentanyl pills this year compared to a total of 1.3 million in all of  last year.   So the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency has seized over 379 million  deadly doses of fentanyl. That was last year. That is more than enough  supply in the United States. We need to do something now to also aid in  the stopping and obstruction to make sure that we are preventing this  from happening in the rest of the United States and to stop it in my  State of Washington.   I plan to work with TSA and DEA to make sure that we strengthen the  laws that allow for the investigation of fentanyl distribution at our  airports, to make sure that we are tracking the supply and  investigating and giving our law enforcement any tool that they can use  to help stop the movement of this product.   I am also grateful that our colleagues tonight acted in a bipartisan  way, and I hope they will act in a bipartisan way in the future. There  are other things that we need to do to stop the cycle of addiction.   As one doctor told me: We could have access to recovery be as easy as  access to the drug, but it is not.   We have heard from people all over the State--from our firefighters,  from our police officers, from our courts, to our healthcare treatment  centers--and we have seen unbelievable pilot programs that are being  used to try to tackle this problem. We have seen fire stations use new  equipment and first responders so they can quickly get to the scene and  have the tools in place.   We have heard from our State and from our healthcare officials like  Dr. Banta-Green from the University of Washington, who has helped to  understand and pioneer a program so that people can just walk into a  facility that is community-based and get access to care and treatment  immediately. So no more trying to respond every day of where to go or  having a first responder having to go back to the same place, but  giving people a place that they can go.   I hope our colleagues will look at some of these innovative  prevention  [[Page S3738]]  measures that my State is trying to undertake. I hope that we can work  in a bipartisan effort to give more tools to DEA, but I hope tonight we  will be happy that we are now declaring this a national emergency, that  we have given the President and Treasury and our officials new tools to  stop the trafficking of this product and to pursue those who are  involved in it in an aggressive way around the world.   I yield the floor.   