 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I applaud Representative Schneider, Chairman Williams,  Representative McGarvey, and Representative Ellzey for their dedication  and commitment to our Nation's veterans.   Mr. Schneider has been a long-time champion of this legislation to  codify the Boots to Business Program. Over the years, the committee has  held a number of hearings examining SBA's programs that benefit veteran  entrepreneurship, and we have heard from scores of veterans that the  program has been a resounding success.   In fiscal year 2022, nearly 24,000 veterans, transitioning  servicemembers, and military spouses received Boots to Business  entrepreneurship training. Starting a business is not for the faint of  heart. It takes courage, perseverance, resourcefulness, and leadership  to launch a successful enterprise. Many of these qualities are inherent  in those that serve our country.   Despite the skills and expertise, many servicemembers have difficulty  transitioning to civilian life. A recent survey conducted by the  Syracuse University Institute for Veterans and Military Families found  44 percent expressed difficulty with transitioning from military life,  and 53 percent say they did not know what they wanted to do as  civilians.   It is imperative that we enact this legislation and provide the  certainty to veterans that this training will continue to be available  to them as they leave the service.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1606, the Veteran  Entrepreneurship Training Act, as amended, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Schneider), the sponsor of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, let me first thank all of our veterans  who have dedicated their lives to service. Their dedication to our  country and commitment to preserving our freedoms is greatly  appreciated.   As our Nation's servicemembers complete their final tour and begin  their transition back to civilian life, it is important that we provide  opportunities for them to pursue the American Dream. Owning and running  a successful small business is the epitome of that dream.   Codifying the Boots to Business Program would allow thousands of  servicemembers, their spouses, and veterans to receive vital training  on how to build a successful small business.   I thank Mr. Schneider, Chairman Williams, Mr. McGarvey, and Mr.  Ellzey for their bipartisan work on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the Veterans Entrepreneurship  Training Act, as amended, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   