 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4364, the  Republican FY24 Legislative Branch Appropriations Act.  [[Page H5214]]    The Legislative Branch Appropriations bill provides the funding that  all of our offices rely on for the resources we need to serve our  constituents and legislate for the good of the nation. It funds our  Capitol Police, Sergeant at Arms, and Architect of the Capitol to keep  the Capitol complex safe, secure, and functioning for staff and  visitors. It supports the research and preservation work at the Library  of Congress and the beloved Botanic Garden.   I am disappointed that the bill before us today stalls the progress  that we made under a Democratic majority in recent years by not  investing enough in the resources needed to operate Congress as a  modern, effective, and co-equal branch of our democratic government.   My opposition to the bill is not solely due to the inadequate funding  levels. This bill, like all of the Republican appropriations measures,  embraces right-wing social policy fights that have no place in the  bills that fund our government.   It eliminates direct funding for the Office of Diversity and  Inclusion and prohibits funding from being used to train staff and  improve the diversity, equity, and inclusion of the Congressional  workplace. It does not include the language that allows the legislative  branch to employ Americans certified under the Deferred Action for  Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. It creates a license to blatantly  discriminate against LGBTQI+ people under the guise of religious  liberty and face no penalties for that blatant discrimination.   The People's House should be a place where all people of this diverse  nation are welcomed, included, and treated equitably. Instead, this  bill advances an agenda that is hurtful to many of the staff that work  here and the constituents we represent.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is dead on arrival in the Senate. We may have  a new Speaker in this chamber, but Republicans are still pursuing the  same partisan path on appropriations bills.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation.   