 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Comer and Ranking Member  Raskin for recognizing me.   I rise today in support of legislation that I partnered on with  Congresswoman Mace to modernize hiring guidance for Federal  cybersecurity security jobs. She and I both agree that government  employees should be the best in the business. Taxpayers deserve nothing  less from the people we employ.   How do we get the best of the best into our Federal jobs? Just like  in any market, it all comes down to one thing: fostering competition.   For too long, overly restrictive Federal hiring guidance has stifled  competition and prevented Federal agencies from being able to hire the  best applicants for cybersecurity jobs if they don't meet all of the  stringent educational requirements.   If who gets hired for our Federal jobs always comes down to just one  credential, our government is going to miss out on some great  employees.   No part of the Federal Government should disqualify an individual  from winning the competition for a Federal job based on whether they  have one type of educational credential. We are only going to figure  out who is best to fill a role if we let all qualified candidates show  us all their qualifications.   The truth is, there is not one type of educational experience that is  always going to make a cybersecurity professional the best of the best.  I am a former college professor, and I know that a lot of people will  learn skills in their college degree programs that prepare them to be a  Federal cybersecurity professional. At the same time, I also know that  college isn't affordable and accessible for everyone, and the reality  is that many people gain the skills necessary to succeed at Federal  cybersecurity jobs through other life experiences.   The door must be open to both types of qualified candidates, and the  Federal Government should then be able to pick who is most prepared to  do the job based on a holistic view of the candidates.   The Modernizing the Acquisition of Cybersecurity Experts, MACE, Act  stops the Federal Government from ruling out people without a specific  educational credential. Instead, it lets all qualified applicants  compete and gives the Federal Government more choices. This is  something we should be able to agree on regardless of party.   This bill mirrors an executive order that was issued under President  Trump and President Biden has chosen to keep it on the books today. It  has worked under administrations of both parties, and now we need to  make it permanent in our law.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my Democratic and Republican colleagues to  support this bill. We can only have the best Federal cybersecurity  professionals when we have had the chance to consider all of the  qualified candidates, and the MACE Act will give us this chance.   