 Mr. President, I rise with great sadness today to honor  my friend and our colleague Senator Dianne Feinstein. She was a pioneer  and a strong and dignified leader.   Dianne, who was the longest serving woman in Senate history, had a  career marked by many firsts: the first woman to serve as mayor of San  Francisco, the first woman Senator to represent California, the first  woman to serve as the chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, and  the first woman to serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee.   Dianne was such a strong presence in the Senate. She was a determined  and tenacious advocate. Many of us worked closely with her on the  Intelligence Committee, where she was such an excellent chairman. She  was always fair, respectful, informed, and strong. We worked together  on the Appropriations Committee as well, where she chaired the Energy  and Water Subcommittee. Many of us were her allies on the Violence  Against Women Act and the Respect for Marriage Act.   The Senate and the country have lost a model Senator--elegant,  graceful, kind, compassionate, strong, informed, intelligent.   I have also lost a dear friend. I put up this watercolor painting  that Dianne did and gave me so many years ago. It has hung in my office  ever since, and it will have a place of honor there always. Every time  I would pass by, I would look at it and think about how talented Dianne  was in so many different areas. I treasure this painting.   When I became engaged 11 years ago, it was Dianne who sponsored a  reception for me and my now-husband Tom Daffron in her home in  Washington. My story is very similar to that of the Republican leader.   I was also reminded when I heard Senator Murray talk about Dianne's  generosity. At one point one year, she bought seersucker suits for  every woman who was serving in the Senate so that we could all  participate in Seersucker Thursday. That was Dianne. She paid attention  to the smallest details and to the largest issues that affected not  only our country but the world.    Most of all, Dianne was such a role model for girls and women. She  was a role model for us who came to the Senate, after she began her  storied tenure here. I will miss Dianne terribly. My heart goes out to  her family, and may she rest in peace.   