 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would prohibit any funding  from being used by the National Park Service to enact the terms of the  lease to house migrants at Floyd Bennett Field in the Gateway National  Recreation Area in Brooklyn, New York, where our Mayor Eric Adams, has  setup a tent city for over 2,000 migrants with little supervision.  Turning our Federal parks into encampments for un-vetted migrants from  all over the world is unsafe, and it is unfair to the surrounding  communities and the taxpayers being forced to foot the bill.   There have already been dozens of arrests at existing shelters in New  York City, stabbings, DUIs, and other horrific incidents. And it is  wrong that our mayor continues to misinterpret New York City's right to  shelter decree, which was intended for homeless New Yorkers, not  citizens of other countries.   Today, as a matter a fact, there is a group of big city Democrat  mayors here in Washington, including Mayor Adams, scheduled to meet  with the White House for what I assume is a request for more money to  add more shelters and more encampments through our cities.   Mr. Chairman, President Biden and congressional Democrats in Congress  [[Page H5289]]  have no intention to stop the flow of migrants at our border. And  Congress cannot and will not continue to fund this insanity.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment since the Senate refuses  to pass our H.R. 2 bill, which would provide border security and stop  this unsustainable and unsafe flow.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I will respond by saying that we are a  welcoming nation. We are a welcoming city. My parents are immigrants,  as well.   However, nobody was required to pay for their housing--my parents did  not move into a park that the mayor created to be an encampment--taking  that away from the taxpayers.   I simply say that we need to have individuals who want to come to  this country follow the rules, follow the law, and that is the big  difference here. The President has created a crisis. It is of his own  making with his open border policies.   You mention war-torn countries, but there are over 120 different  countries that are being represented, not to mention it is just  completely unsustainable. I am not just talking about the 6 million  that you mentioned that applied for asylum. I am sure you know that  more than half of those asylum cases were denied in court. I think that  is an important thing to point out, which means that they are abusing  the asylum process to gain entry into our country.   My office, in particular, has helped nearly 100 people become U.S.  citizens. I am very proud of that. It may be more than anybody else in  this Chamber, quite frankly. We did it for the people who followed the  rules, did everything right, have been waiting in line and  unfortunately, got stuck in our bureaucracy because now they are being  shoved to the back of the line because, as you know, those individuals  coming over the border are taken up first before anybody else, which is  completely unfair to those who have come here legally.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Gosar).    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to the time remaining.    Mr. Chair, I would just add that the gentleman made  a good point in saying that there has been significant flooding at this  particular site. If you care about migrants and care about their  safety, there was nearly a foot of water following the recent  rainstorms at this site. I don't know how you expect to have these  tents set up and people living in that condition. That is number one.  Number two, there is also a fire safety issue. Even the legal aid  society, by the way, has come out against this particular encampment  because they don't feel that it is safe for the inhabitants.   The other point that was brought up about the NEPA process is a very  important one. I always hear my colleagues on the other side talk about  protecting the environment, yet they are turning a blind eye right now  to when the environmental review process is not being fulfilled. There  wasn't an environmental assessment. There wasn't anything done to  evaluate this, which is why they probably didn't know that such  flooding would exist.   Once again, it is unsafe for everybody involved. It is not the  responsibility of the taxpayer. It is going to cost them $15 billion to  have these encampments. We shouldn't be doing this. Let's pass H.R. 2  and secure our border.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   