 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the 2024 State,  foreign operations, and related programs funding bill.   I will begin with comments from President Trump's former Secretary of  Defense, Mark Esper. He had this to say in response to this very bill's  cut of the State and foreign operations allocation: ``When we don't  lead, we create a vacuum that will be filled instead by China.'' He  continued: ``America's leadership means more than just military  capability. Diplomacy and foreign assistance are part of it, too. This  proposed budget would upend that relationship by gutting our civilian  toolkit and depriving America of the diplomatic leadership whose  benefits I have seen last a lifetime.''   Also, the Global Health Council, together with 70 other  organizations--Catholic Relief Services, United States Global  Leadership Coalition, American Jewish Committee, InterAction, ONE  Campaign, Christian Connections for International Health, and CARE  USA--expressed serious national security concerns with the House  Republicans' funding plan.   Mr. Chair, I plan to submit a compilation of these concerns for the  record.   We are told that this 2024 State and foreign operations funding bill  is tough on our adversaries. The opposite is true. This bill cedes  America's position as the leader of the global community. It weakens  our national security, shortchanges foreign assistance, hinders our  ability to address the climate crisis, and harms women around the  world.   This is a reversal of the United States' historic position on the  world stage and promotes isolationism. We are supposed to be leaders of  the free world. The majority is diminishing the United States, what we  stand for, and what our values are for our own people and for people  around the world who look to us for inspiration and hope.   Damage has already been done as partners and allies wonder whether  the United States will be with them or whether they will be forced to  turn to China or Russia to get needed investment or support in  international institutions.   With China surpassing the United States as the largest trading  partner in many countries in Latin America and Africa, China has more  embassies, consulates, and diplomats than any other country in the  world. They are contesting our model of democracy and capitalism around  the world, and they are going virtually unchallenged.   This bill is an unfathomable reduction of our Nation's ability to  engage in diplomacy and to project soft power by over one-third.  Knowing such a cut would be irresponsible and lead to negative  repercussions around the world, this bill claws back billions of  dollars, $11 billion of which comes from the EPA's Greenhouse Gas  Reduction Fund, part of the Inflation Reduction Act.   Yesterday, this body debated how to address the challenges related to  the thousands of desperate people reaching our southern border.  However, with these cuts, the Department of State and USAID will be  forced to reduce programs that engage countries like Colombia and  Guatemala to address the very conditions causing people to flee to the  United States. We cannot wait to address the issue when people are  already at our border.   We all know what we should be doing right now, and this is not it.  This is an exercise in futility because this bill is going nowhere.   The urgent issue is to keep our government open. Everyone in this  body knows that keeping the U.S. Government running and passing full- year bills will require bipartisanship. We have a bipartisan agreement  in the Senate, a compromise to keep our government open and to address  the Nation's concerns. Let us move in that direction.   Democrats and Republicans already compromised when they passed the  debt limit bill, but because House Republicans immediately reneged,  they have moved us to the brink of a shutdown, a Republican shutdown  that will have consequences on every senior, veteran, and child in  America and on our diplomats and our servicemembers around the world.   Let us move to keep our government open and support the Senate's  bipartisan compromise.    Mr. Speaker, I have witnessed a lot of surprising and at  times confounding things in my time in the House of Representatives,  especially in this 118th Congress, but I do not recall a time that this  body with an overwhelming bipartisan majority voted to appropriate  funds that were then stripped from a bill in the darkness of night.   Three hundred thirty-nine members of the House of Representatives,  including a majority of the majority, voted yesterday to include  support for Ukraine in the Defense appropriations bill. Ninety-three  voted against it.    Then the Republicans stripped the Ukraine funding from the Defense  bill to placate an extreme minority over the will of the majority and  prioritizes maintaining the gavel over responsible governing.   Russian tyranny and aggression threaten more than just Ukraine's  borders. We learned in Georgia, we learned in Crimea, if you stand by  while Russia takes an inch, they will take a mile. Vladimir Putin must  be held to account for upending Europe's security and peacetime for a  pointless and bloody war which has disrupted energy markets and  triggered food insecurity around the world.   We must be clear about what this means, plain and simple. This is  appeasement like the world experienced in 1938, which led to a  cascading murderous result.   Ukraine's fight for democracy and sovereignty requires decisive  action and absolute support from the free world. We must act like the  leaders of the free world. We must not abandon our position as the  world's beacon of democratic values. We must not surrender our global  influence to Russia, China, or any group that threatens democracies.   Members of this body have come together again and again to reaffirm  our commitment to helping Ukraine defend itself against this vicious  invasion. We did so again yesterday. Regardless of which votes the  majority is afraid of taking, Democrats will not be afraid of  supporting our allies.   Funds for the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative should remain in  the base bill. That is where they have been since 2015. Republicans now  have an $826 billion Defense bill that does not include any assistance  for Ukraine, the most urgent security crisis that we face in the world.  Even if House Republicans insist on upending our process, we cannot  abandon Ukraine.   I urge the Speaker of the House to lead those who actually wish to  govern, not those who seek to appease Putin. We need to support  Ukraine.   