 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4394--Energy  and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2024.  This bill needs to be revised to be truly bipartisan to serve the  American people and Houston.   As with all the additional appropriation bills that have been up for  consideration on the House Floor, I strongly oppose the passage of this  bill for a myriad of reasons--including the following listed below.   The majority has put forth a bill that increases energy costs for  American families, undermines the growth and modernization of our  energy infrastructure, weakens our national security, and would yield  the world's energy future to foes abroad.   With massive cuts that renege on the debt limit agreement that was  just signed into law, the 2024 Energy and Water bill raises costs for  families and weakens energy security and our ability to out-compete  China.   The bill invests $55.2 billion, a decrease of $3.9 billion or 6.5  percent below 2023.   Further, the bill's domestic allocation is effectively 21.5 percent,  $5.4 billion, below 2023 while its defense allocation is 3.5 percent,  $1.1 billion, above 2023, creating a further disparity between domestic  and defense programs.   This harmful legislation would have the following damaging impact on  America:   Increases energy costs by cutting the Department of Energy's clean  energy programs that lower American families' energy bills;   Jeopardizes energy security by enabling Russia to continue  weaponizing energy to destabilize global markets;   Hurts U.S. competitiveness by allowing competitors like China to  monopolize markets for new energy technology; and   Fails to confront the climate crisis and create better-paying, clean  energy jobs.   The bill cuts the Department of Energy's Energy Efficiency and  Renewable Energy account by $466 million or 14 percent below 2023 ($1.8  billion or 38 percent below the President's budget request). This  office is critical to developing manufacturing, building efficiency,  clean energy like hydrogen and solar, and weatherization technologies  that are critical to our Nation's growth and resilience.   The bill includes dangerous cuts that House Democrats have been  sounding the alarm about for months.   With this bill, House Republicans irresponsibly:   Call for $5.7 billion in untenable repeals from the Department of  Energy's Inflation Reduction Act programs, including:   $4.5 billion from the High-Efficiency Electric Home Rebate Program;   $1 billion from the Assistance for Latest and Zero Building Energy  Code Adoption; and   $200 million from the State-Based Home Energy Efficiency Contractor  Training Grants.   Repurpose critical Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA)  resources including:   $3.6 billion from the Department of Energy's IIJA Civil Nuclear  Credit Program that help preserve the existing U.S. reactor fleet and  save thousands of high-paying jobs across the country; and    $84 million from the Corps of Engineers' IIJA programs.   Revoke $15 billion in loan authority from the Department of Energy's  Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program--an increasingly  successful program that promotes climate-friendly innovation and  American manufacturing.   Sadly, this bill exemplifies Republican misguided values: increasing  costs for hardworking families, decreasing job opportunities, failing  to confront the climate crisis, and allowing Russia and China to  outcompete us.   In an attempt to provide some reasonable action in this unreasonable  legislation, I offered an amendment for consideration by the Rules  Committee that would help our Nation's government take seriously our  ever-changing climate and the crises that ensue creating national and  international instability at unprecedented levels and degree.   The Jackson Lee Amendment (Rules Committee No. 121) to H.R. 4394-- Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act,  2024, if adopted would have added the following language to this bill:   It is the sense of Congress that energy and water are emerging as  paramount and critical issues, posing challenges not only to the United  States' national security and economy but to the stability of the  global community; and   As each nation grapples with climate change, which is evidenced by  climatic events taking place in this nation and others over the last  decade, where precipitation in all of its forms and extreme drought  have triggered calamities that clearly inform decision makers that  nations must be purposeful in preparing to meet these challenges to  protect life and human advancement in all of its forms.   Temperatures are rising, snow and rainfall patterns are shifting, and  more extreme climate events--like heavy rainstorms and record high  temperatures--are becoming more common.   The planet's oceans and glaciers have also experienced changes-- oceans are warming and becoming more acidic, ice caps are melting, and  sea level is rising.   As these and other changes become more pronounced in the coming  decades, they will  [[Page H5071]]  likely present challenges to our society and our environment, our  country and our world.   This summer saw the hottest days in Earth's modern history as a  climate-change fueled surge of heat shattered temperature records  across the globe.   According to scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute of Space Studies  (GISS) in New York, the summer of 2023 was Earth's hottest since global  records began in 1880.   The months of June, July, and August combined were 0.41 degrees  Fahrenheit (0.23 degrees Celsius) warmer than any other summer in  NASA's record, and 2.1 degrees F (1.2 C) warmer than the average summer  between 1951 and 1980. August alone was 2.2 F (1.2 C) warmer than the  average.   This new record comes as exceptional heat swept across much of the  world, exacerbating deadly wildfires in Canada and Hawaii, and searing  heat waves in South America, Japan, Europe, and the U.S., while likely  contributing to severe rainfall in Italy, Greece, and Central Europe.   As backed up by NASA and global scientists and witnessed by everyone  across the world, the Summer of 2023's record-setting temperatures are  not just a set of numbers--they result in dire real-world consequences.   From sweltering temperatures in Arizona and across the country, to  wildfires across Canada, extreme flooding in Europe, Asia, and Africa,  as well as catastrophic earthquakes striking across the Middle East,  extreme weather is threatening lives and livelihoods around the globe.   As we entered into the fall, September started with a typhoon that  ripped through Hong Kong, uprooting trees and flooding the city.   It was the first of a slew of extreme weather events that hit ten  countries and territories in just 12 days--the most catastrophic being  the floods in Libya, which have killed more than 11,000 people  according to the UN and left many thousands missing.   Scientists warn that these types of extreme weather events, affecting  countries all over the world, may become increasingly common as the  climate crisis accelerates, putting pressure on governments to prepare.   These real impacts of climate change are a threat to our planet and  future generations that we must continue to confront and tackle head  on.   The scientific evidence is overwhelming, and we will no doubt  continue to see more climate records and more intense and frequent  extreme weather events impacting society and ecosystems, until we come  to acknowledge and accept the devastating impact of climate change and  actively stop the harms that are contributing to the deadly and  damaging climate crises of our time and inevitably forthcoming in our  future.   Texans and the constituents in my home district of Houston are no  strangers to the adverse impacts and dangers of climate change.   When Hurricane Harvey hit Houston in 2017, dumping over 50 inches of  rain on Houston, it caused more than $125 billion in economic damage as  my constituents' homes, workplaces, schools, and businesses flooded.   Yet, research has shown that climate change made Harvey's torrential  rainfall much worse, roughly 15 percent to 38 percent greater rainfall  than it would have been in a world that was not warming.   This difference is far from insignificant--up to 50 percent of the  properties that flooded in Harris County might have escaped that fate  in a world without climate change.   Houstonians are not the only ones to have faced harm from climate  change fueled national disasters.   Since 1980, the US has sustained 341 weather and climate disasters,  coasting over $2.4 trillion in all.   However, for Houstonians, Texans, and all of our constituents, the  worst of the threat is far from over.   The US coastline is projected to rise 10 to 12 inches in the next 30  years, threatening the coastal states and vastly increasing the risk of  flooding for those on either coast.   Average global temperatures will continue to rise, prompting a crop  loss of 10 percent in the next 5 to 25 years, melting glaciers, and  further driving the rise of sea levels.   It is estimated that climate change could cost from 30 to over 100  billion dollars per year, along with significant potential for economic  and federal revenue losses.   The OMB has predicted that climate change could reduce the national  GDP by as much as 10 percent by the end of the century, costing a $2  trillion loss in the federal budget.   Further, some of the most severe harms from climate change will fall  disproportionately on socially vulnerable populations, including racial  and ethnic minority communities.   Additionally, the GAO has highlighted that climate change further  poses threats to national security, as rising sea levels and  catastrophic storms threaten both military and civilian infrastructure  and can even affect migration patterns.   There is no Planet B. We must address the existential threat of  climate change now.   We are seeing the consequences of climate change at home and abroad.   However, Republicans continue to deny the scientific consensus of  climate change.   Now more than ever before, we need to strengthen our energy security  and diversify our energy sources, so we are not dependent on global  adversaries--while also tackling the devastating global and economic  policies impacting our climate.   And yet today, House Republicans are putting forth a bill that  threatens to raise energy costs for more than 250,000 U.S. households  and halt the creation of more than 50,000 new jobs, while failing to  acknowledge and address energy policies that are decimating our global  climates.   I call upon my fellow colleagues across the aisle to stand up against  these harmful and dangerous policies offered in this appropriations  bill.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote in opposition to H.R.  4394, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Act of  2024.   