 Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle may not have something to say today, but I surely do.   I rise today to express my profound disappointment in House  Republicans' decision to prioritize their extremist agenda over passing  a strong, bipartisan appropriations bill.   I pride myself on always looking for ways to find common ground with  my Republican colleagues, and the bill to fund the VA and military  construction usually provides ample opportunity to do so. We need to do  everything we can to ensure that our current and former servicemembers  are provided the best possible care.   I was hoping I could count on my friends across the aisle to put  forth a bill that we could all support, just like we have done time and  time again. Instead, extremists in the party have hijacked this bill  and removed dedicated funding for PFAS cleanup, eliminated funding for  climate resilience during a time of increasingly severe weather events,  and put women and families at risk by restricting access to potentially  lifesaving healthcare.   By including these provisions, extremists on the right have decided  that playing partisan politics is more important than improving the  lives of our Nation's heroes.   Mr. Speaker, unlike our colleagues across the aisle, Democrats are  focused on delivering results on the things that matter to our  communities. For this reason, if we defeat the previous question, we  will bring up a resolution affirming our commitment to protecting  Social Security and Medicare.   Why don't Republicans want to do the same thing? These programs are  critically important lifelines for tens of millions of Americans across  the country. In west Michigan, my home district, Medicare provides  lifesaving healthcare coverage for over 100,000 seniors. Additionally,  nearly 150,000 recipients receive $264 million in monthly Social  Security benefits, including over 110,000 seniors.    Mr. Speaker, these are the sorts of programs we should  be spending our time working on and strengthening, not unserious  messaging bills which will be dead on arrival in the Senate. We are  just wasting time.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so  we can bring up this important legislation.   