 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today also in support of H.R. 290, the Commercial  Remote Sensing Amendment Act of 2023.   I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this legislation, along  with the chairman, and I am pleased to serve as ranking member of the  committee, a new assignment for me.   It was all the way back in 1992 when Congress authorized the  Secretary of Commerce to license and regulate commercial remote sensing  space systems.   Commercial remote sensing is now a vibrant and growing industry. As  the chairman has said, data and imagery from commercial remote sensing  satellites are used widely in agriculture, disaster monitoring, energy,  mapping, and national security applications. In fact, commercial remote  sensing has been an important information source for fighting the  devastating Western wildland fires, including those in my home State of  California.   Companies from around the world are launching commercial remote  sensing systems and selling the data. According to the Satellite  Industries Association, globally, these services reached an estimated  $2.7 billion in revenue in 2021.   Congress needs to ensure that the United States remains at the  cutting edge of this industry and that is why it is important that we  have the transparency and insight we need to oversee the licensing and  regulation of private remote sensing systems.   In order to accomplish this, the Commercial Remote Sensing Amendment  Act modifies the timeline for completing licenses to conform with  updated regulations. It requires additional details on licensing  information to be included in reports to Congress, and it extends a  sunset clause for the annual report on commercial remote sensing  licenses until 2030.   As the chairman has mentioned, an identical version of this bill  passed this House on suspension during the 117th Congress, and I am  pleased that Chairman Lucas and I can kick off our work this session by  continuing the Science, Space, and Technology Committee's strong  tradition of bipartisan work and our track record with this good bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers.   Mr. Speaker, I hope that we all support this good bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I join the chairman today in supporting H.R. 342, the  Cost-Share Accountability Act of 2023. I am pleased that today we are  considering this bill.   Many of the clean energy technologies deployed throughout the Nation  today have benefited from financial support from the Department of  Energy.   The bipartisan Cost-Sharing Accountability Act of 2023 would  strengthen the reporting requirements related to certain cost-sharing  requirements at DOE.   Specifically, the bill would require the Secretary of Energy to  report on the use of the statutory authority to reduce or eliminate  cost-sharing requirements for research, for development, for  demonstration, as well as commercial application activities.   As the chairman has noted, better reporting on financial assistance  will help us to ensure that taxpayer dollars are being spent wisely. As  mentioned, we passed a matching version of this bill under a suspension  of the rules in the last Congress. It is time, we hope, for the Senate  to take this bill up and pass it this year after the House passes this  again.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California (Mr.  Obernolte) for introducing this bill.   I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Foster), the  cosponsor of this bill and last year's chair of the Investigations and  Oversight Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, let me close by urging everyone to support  this good bill, and let's celebrate carrying on the fine tradition of  bipartisan legislative action in the Science Committee. I look forward  to the rest of this Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   