 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution before us  today. It is  [[Page H1928]]  not just timely; it is urgently important.   Earlier this month, a court in the People's Republic of China denied  an appeal by U.S. national Mark Swidan, who has been wrongly detained  in China, and upheld his death penalty with a 2-year suspended death  sentence.   The PRC has detained Mark since his arrest for drug-related crimes in  2012, even though he was not convicted until 2019. He has been  arbitrarily detained for more than 10 years and has been denied regular  communication with his family, regular access to United States'  consular officials, and has not had access to competent medical care  and treatment.   Swidan's detention conditions have included exposure to extreme  weather conditions, sleep deprivation, and physical and psychological  abuse, leading tragically to Mark's attempting to take his own life.   This is, simply put, a travesty of justice. Mr. Speaker, no concrete  evidence has been provided to justify the charges against Mr. Swidan.  In 2020, a United Nations body confirmed what we already knew, that Mr.  Swidan has been arbitrarily detained in violation of international law,  and we call for his swift release.   Mr. Speaker, this body needs to come together today to stand up for  Mr. Swidan and make clear to Beijing that his inhumane treatment is  unacceptable.   H. Res. 90 is a bipartisan measure led by Representative Cloud that  passed out of the House Foreign Affairs Committee unanimously. It  condemns the PRC for its mistreatment of Mark and calls for his  immediate release. It also asks the Biden administration to redouble  its efforts to highlight the case of Mr. Swidan internationally and to  help secure his release through diplomacy.   Though the court has provided Mr. Swidan with a 2-year reprieve on  his death sentence, we cannot afford to wait that long to correct the  injustice he has suffered. By passing this resolution today, the House  makes clear to the People's Republic of China that it should release  Mark Swidan immediately.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this timely  resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for  the purpose of closing.   Mr. Speaker, the American people send us to Washington to represent  them, to advance the national interest, and most importantly, to keep  them safe. When the life and dignity of any American is challenged or  undermined, it is our duty as lawmakers to speak out and take action.   That is why it is vital that this body condemn the People's Republic  of China for its unjust and arbitrary detention and inhumane treatment  of American citizen Mark Swidan. That is why it is vital that this body  demand that Mr. Swidan be swiftly released and returned to the United  States.   Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me and support this  important resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this  resolution, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, 75 years ago, the State of Israel joined the community  of nations when it declared its independence from the British Empire.   In the wake of World War II and the Holocaust, for the first time in  modern history, the Jews would have a land and a military of their own  that would allow them to overcome centuries of anti-Semitism,  persecution, and attempts at elimination.   The State of Israel rests on land that has been uniquely bound to the  Jewish people for thousands of years.   From the Exodus from Egypt to the First and Second Temples all the  way to today's modern age, there has always been a Jewish presence  between the Mediterranean and the Jordan River.   Over the last 75 years, Israelis have made the desert bloom,  transforming the country into a modern, industrialized democracy.   Israel is a leader in technology, business, and agriculture. The  country's innovative technologies have greatly benefited the United  States military and other government agencies.   Israel shares the democratic and human rights values we treasure here  in the United States. The recent Abraham Accords represent yet another  milestone in Israel's development.   Normalization of Israel's relationships with the UAE, Bahrain, and  Morocco are already enhancing regional diplomacy, security, and  communication and will serve as an incubator for increased regional  stability, prosperity, and peace.   These agreements come on top of already realized peace agreements  with Israel's neighbors, Egypt and Jordan, and demonstrate the power of  diplomacy and compromise.   As a proud, lifelong supporter of a strong bipartisan U.S.-Israel  relationship, I also support a two-state solution which preserves  Israel's fundamental character as a Jewish and a democratic state.   This has been the longstanding policy of the United States through  both Republican and Democratic administrations.   A two-state solution is the only way Israel can remain both Jewish  and democratic into the future, and it is the only way to meet the  aspirations of the Palestinian people.   I would like to see the bipartisan consensus on two states be  maintained in the future for the benefit of the United States, Israel,  the Palestinians, and the wider region and world.    Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor to be on the floor of the House of  Representatives honoring Israel's 75th anniversary as well as the  Abraham Accords.   Modern Israel is truly a miracle, and its existence is an asset to  our great country. I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan  resolution that I was proud to help introduce with my colleagues on the  House Foreign Affairs Committee: Representatives Ann Wagner, Brad  Schneider, and Chairman  Mike McCaul.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to my friend from  Illinois (Mr. Schneider).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for  the purpose of closing.   Mr. Speaker, I express my congratulations to Israel on the 75th  anniversary of its independence and express my hope for Israel to find  peace with all of its neighbors in the near future. I remind my  colleagues and the world that President Truman on behalf of our great  Nation was the very first country to recognize the establishment of the  State of Israel only 11 minutes after David Ben-Gurion made his  historic declaration of the establishment of the Jewish democratic  State of Israel.   At this time, with the frightening rise of anti-Semitism we are  seeing in our own country and around the world, it is more important  than ever that we support the one Jewish country in the world.   Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in support of this  important resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time.   