 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1105,  the ``Debbie Smith Act of 2023,'' a bill that would reauthorize  critical grant funding aimed at ending the rape kit backlog.   As the Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime  and Federal Government Surveillance, I am proud to be one of four  original cosponsors of this bipartisan legislation, and I am proud to  stand with Representative Steve Cohen and Representative Wesley Hunt.   And I am encouraged by the number of cosponsors--Republicans and  Democrats--who have joined us, including Judiciary Ranking Member  Nadler, Crime Subcommittee Chairman Biggs, and many other members of  the Judiciary Committee.   This bill was introduced by Representative Ann Wagner, who I have  worked with on many occasions to ensure that victims of crime receive  justice. And this is one such measure.   H.R. 1105 reauthorizes legislation that provides resources to state  and local law enforcement agencies and prosecutors to reduce the  national backlog of DNA evidence, most notably, rape kits.   Although DNA evidence has proven critical to solving crimes and  delivering justice, particularly in crimes of sexual violence, there  are still challenges to holding offenders accountable using such  evidence.   Law enforcement agencies and prosecutors increasingly collect and  rely on DNA evidence, such as rape kits, to investigate and solve  crimes.   But delays in processing rape kits and other DNA evidence can result  in delays in apprehending or prosecuting violent or serial offenders.  It can also result in the wrongfully convicted serving time in prison  for crimes they did not commit.   For every rape kit or DNA sample that languishes on a shelf,  untested, in a crime lab or police department somewhere in America,  there is at least one victim--possibly living in fear and most  certainly searching for an end to their nightmare.   That is why, as Ranking Member Nadler said, it is imperative that we  end the rape kit backlog.   Since passage of the Debbie Smith Act in 2004, as the firs piece of  legislation aimed at ending the backlog of untested and unanalyzed DNA  evidence--more than 860,000 DNA cases have been processed with over  376,000 DNA profiles uploaded to the Combined DNA Index System,  commonly referred to as CODIS, and nearly 200,000 DNA samples have been  matched.   Research has shown that testing backlogged kits can lead to CODIS  hits as well as arrests and convictions.   One study of 491 untested kits in the possession of the Houston  Police Department yielded l04 CODIS hits after testing, and 16 of those  hits led to an arrest.    Debbie Smith grants have helped reduce the backlog in jurisdictions  in every corner of the country.   For instance, the New York Times reported that my home state of Texas  had a backlog of approximately 20,000 untested kits in 2013.   According to a report by the Dallas Morning News, that number was  reduced to just over 6,000 by 2021.   Unfortunately, a measure of the progress made in reducing the  national backlog was lost due to the COVID-l9 pandemic.   However, recognizing the accomplishments made since the Debbie Smith  Act first became law, I am confident that we will once again reduce the  number of untested samples and rape kits and eventually end the  backlog.   The Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program provides grants to state  and local governments for nine major purposes that include (1)  conducting analyses of DNA samples; (2) increasing the capacity of  state and local laboratories to carry out DNA analyses; and (3)  ensuring that the testing and analysis of DNA samples from crimes,  including sexual assault and violent crime are carried out in a timely  manner.   The program also provides funds to process offender DNA samples to  ensure evidence from unsolved crimes can be matched to the databases of  known offenders as in the case of the woman for which this bill was  named.   The perpetrator who kidnapped and raped Debbie Smith was identified  using a DNA sample collected from him while he was serving 161 years in  prison for robbing and abducting two women.   The ``hit'' connecting this individual to her rape was not made until  the DNA evidence was analyzed and uploaded to CODIS six and a half  years later.   In an op-ed written in 2019, Mrs. Smith said, ``For six and a half  years, I lived in the fear that he would return or, even worse, that he  would take out his revenge on my children or my husband. That fear held  me so tightly that it choked out any joy of life.''   Her fears and thoughts of suicide--simply to find peace--changed when  the results of her rape kit analysis identified her rapist.   I am grateful that Mrs. Smith brought this issue to Congress and  advocated for victims like herself.   It is now up to Congress to make certain that every victim and every  survivor experiences the relief she felt knowing that her rapist could  no longer do harm to her, her loved ones, or her communIty.   That is why I will do all that I can to ensure that every rape kit is  tested, and every sample is analyzed so that no survivor's voice is  silenced and no victim's cry for justice goes unanswered, and that no  criminal goes free because of a failure to act.   That includes supporting this bill and encouraging my colleagues to  do the same.   