 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Lofgren for her very  kind and generous words. I can only hope that my constituents in  Michigan hear the praise from the ranking member from the great State  of California for the work that we do together on the Science  Committee.   Certainly, it is a sincere privilege to be also joined on the floor  today with our chairman, Mr. Lucas, as he reminded us with the TRANQ  legislation that Ms. Caraveo and Mr. Williams will be the first Members  of the freshman class to get a bill signed into law for this term in  Congress.   It wasn't all too long ago when Dr. Baird and myself shared that same  distinction for the Building Blocks of STEM Act, the bill that we  passed through the Science Committee, through the House floor, and  alongside our colleagues in the Senate, getting it signed into law  on December 24th, 2019.    Suffice it to say, Dr. Baird and I were not at the White House for  the signing of the Building Blocks of STEM Act.   Today, Dr. Baird and I are pleased to offer the DOE and NSF Research  Interagency Act to the House floor, a bill that has already passed  through the Science Committee.   The Department of Energy and the National Science Foundation  represent some of our Nation's most cutting-edge research activities,  as has been shared by our committee leadership, supporting the  innovation that we require to solve our most pressing issues and remain  competitive on the world stage.   The DOE and NSF employees, in particular, are not necessarily in two  buildings that are right next to each other. They are in a similar  geographic area, but they do not share building space.   The employees and the funded researchers are world-renowned  scientific minds, and they are pushing on the door of what we think is  possible.   They are making science fiction a reality every single day, and we  encourage and implore their activities to proliferate, to manifest, and  to continue to come together, particularly on the heels of the CHIPS  and Science Act, a bill that many of us, including myself on the  Science Committee, helped to author and pass through into law just a  little over a year ago.   If we are going to achieve the goals of the CHIPS and Science Act  without the full funding, particularly for the NSF, we need this  legislation. We need the interagency efforts of DOE and NSF to come  together.   We will continue to promote cross functionality of research if it is  with Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in fusion science, or if it  is combining the DOE's expertise in computational sciences, including  the scientific potential of the fastest supercomputers in the world.   What NSF is doing with artificial intelligence and machine learning  will continue to be key to unlocking the metrics needed to create safe  and trustworthy AI applications so the United States can continue to  lead in this innovation sector.   Combining NSF's material science expertise, which the United States  is in a phenomenal race to lead on, with the work being done across the  Department of Energy and the Ames National Laboratory on critical  minerals will be key not only to untangling our supply chains but in  creating a circular economy that promotes worker safety and  environmental protections while securing our economic prosperity,  energy independence, and national security for decades to come.   Lastly, combining the work that both agencies are doing with quantum  technologies will be key to unlocking the potential of this  revolutionary emerging technology, including for our manufacturers and  applications for cybersecurity.   These are just some of the examples of the amazing potential that  fostering a partnership between the Department of Energy and the  National Science Foundation will mean for our Nation and the next  generation, proving once again that Federal sciences are the key to our  Nation's future.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this bill to push forward our Nation's scientific ecosystem and  bolster our competitiveness on the world stage.   