 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 159, the  Chance to Compete Act of 2023, as amended, that implements  [[Page H262]]  merit-based reforms to the civil service hiring system and would  replace degree-based hiring with skills- and competency-based hiring.   It is critically important that we make skills- and competency-based  hiring, the fundamental method of assessment for hiring in the  competitive civil service.   No person, with the requisite skill, training, and competency should  be prevented from securing a job because of a requirement that they  hold a higher education degree.   As modern industry and technology evolve, so too do the pathways to  professional achievement.   Recently, apprenticeship programs are an increasingly viable  alternative to a traditional degree as they give students new  opportunities to gain both knowledge of the subject matter and a skill  set tailored specifically to their chosen profession.   These programs allow them to pursue jobs which align with their  passions and strengths while still providing the students with  important recognition in the form of a certificate which demonstrates  their expertise in the field.   Undeniably, these skills focused models have opened doors for many  who have been marginalized economically--giving them access to well- deserved dignity and success within their communities.   It is past time that the competitive civil service do away with  degree requirements and make skills- and competency-based hiring the  fundamental method of assessment.   This change will expand the pipeline of candidates who can access the  competitive civil service jobs.   I have long been a champion of education and workforce development.   Several institutions in my district, including Houston Independent  School District, Lone Star College, and Houston Community College have  very successful trade and skills and based training programs.   These programs cover the gamut from culinary arts to auto-mechanic  programs, to certificate programs for estheticians.   In 2017, Hurricane Harvey, killed 67 people, flooded 154,000 homes  and 500,000 vehicles, and inflicted $125 billion in damage, primarily  from catastrophic rainfall--triggering the worst flooding in the  Houston metropolitan area history.   In the aftermath, I advocated for funding for Houston Community  College for a water disaster resilience training, certification and  onboarding of skills, technologies, and training for first responders  and the public to better prepare for the unique challenges posed by  massive urban flood events.   This and other programs offer the opportunity to gain practical and  in-demand skills needed to build a successful career in todays economy.   The Chance to Compete Act of 2023 will open new pathways for those  without a degree, and allow them to access job roles in the competitive  civil service that may have otherwise been inaccessible which gives  them the opportunity to advance their lives and careers.   Furthermore, access to jobs in the competitive civil service based on  skill and competency will grant people an unprecedented level of access  to the dignity of work that fulfills a great need in today's society.   We must remain committed to recognizing the power and potential of  non-degree based assessments for access to new employment paths,  especially in light of today's changing job market.    Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me express my  appreciation to the members of this committee, Gerry Connolly, and then  to look at my friend, Mr. Raskin, I am delighted to be on the floor  with him and delighted to be on the floor with the manager of this  legislation as well.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 300, the Settlement Agreement  Information Database Act of 2023, which would help increase the  transparency of executive agencies to the public and allow the public  to hold the government accountable.   This is the people's House. We were just discussing, even today, the  enormity of the work that we have done in the powerful infrastructure  bill, the CHIPS bill, and the Inflation Reduction Act. But if there are  aspects of a bill that should be directed to the people, if there is  information that lets them have a fullness of what has happened on  behalf of the American people--what have we accomplished?    Mr. Speaker, H.R. 300 would make public certain  information included in settlement agreements entered into by executive  agencies by establishing a public database for the reporting of  agreements that cover alleged violation of civil or criminal law.   The information that will be disclosed to the public include: what  type of settlement it is, any costs of money involved in the settlement  agreement, what State and local governments are affected by the  settlements, and the duration and modifications of such.   This ties into my point earlier of knowing information about what is  going on in the government in terms of our legislation. This  specifically provides the information to families and businesses and  communities if there has been a settlement on a matter that they are  interested in.   True transparency is for the government to be known by American  citizens on everything we do, and one of the most hidden is the idea of  settlements of cases. Maybe it has impacted a city, an individual, a  family, a school, and it is important to know what these agreements  are.   Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to have this legislation in the name  of transparency, and I rise to support H.R. 300, and I ask my  colleagues to support it enthusiastically as well.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 300, the `Settlement  Agreement Information Database Act of 2023,'' which would help increase  transparency of executive agencies to the public and allow the people  to hold the government accountable.   H.R. 300 would make public certain information included in settlement  agreements entered into by Executive agencies by establishing a public  database for the reporting of agreements that cover alleged violation  of Federal civil or criminal law.   The information that will be disclosed to the public include the  following: what the type of settlement agreement it is, who is  involved, any costs or money involved in the settlement agreement, what  state and local governments are affected by the settlement agreements,  the duration and modifications of the settlement agreement and any  justifications for the settlement agreement.   This bill also allows for confidentiality in situations where the  interests of the confidentiality provision would protect public  interest.   An information database is important in the oversight of executive  agencies, to ensure they are properly carrying out and enforcing laws  we have passed.   As a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, this  information would be vital to the security of the country.   This information is important in knowing what secret deals are being  made that relate to the violation of federal civil or criminal law, and  to whom and where settlement payments are being sent.   H.R. 300 is a crucial step in protecting democracy.   By making settlement agreements public information, the public will  feel more confident that there are no secret deals to cover bad  behavior by corrupt government officials.  [[Page H265]]    Additionally, this act serves as a deterrent for potential bad  behavior in any government agency because the information database  would ensure that bad behavior could not be hidden.   We work in an office of public trust, and the best way to ensure that  the people trust us and listen to us, is to be as transparent as  possible in any actions we take.   H.R. 300 helps the people to keep the government and check and hold  us accountable.   By becoming transparent in how settlements are paid, taxpayers can be  confident in how their money is being spent and what ways settlement  agreements are impacting fiscal health.   It is important that we know the financial burden these settlements  have on state and local governments.   The people deserve to be informed on where their money is being put  and how that affects their communities and public services.   This way, when the people feel violated or that a community issue is  not addressed, they can better advocate for themselves and participate  in the democratic process.   As elected officials, our job is to make sure we are helping our  constituents and advocating for their issues.   If we limit information, we are stopping our citizens from getting  the help they need from us or understanding who they should hold  accountable for a problem.   That would be a detriment to democracy.   H.R. 300 is necessary because it is an important step in creating  government transparency which is crucial to the democratic process.   