 Mr. President, I sit here as I have listened to Senator  Tuberville say that the world is a more dangerous place. He has spoken  about how we have weakened our military. Senator Tuberville is right on  that, and one of the principal reasons is because of Senator  Tuberville's own actions. He has held up hundreds of military  nominations, hundreds of our military leaders, who have not made it to  the posts they were assigned to.   It is clear that it was a grave mistake for one Senator to hold our  military promotion system hostage over his personal disagreement with a  Department of Defense policy. We need our commanders in the Pacific to  deter China and our service vice chiefs to lead the military. I am  relieved that he has released most of his holds, but he continues to  weaken our military readiness and to undermine both recruiting and  retention.   The Senate should not go home for the holidays until we confirm the  remaining nominees. This Senator has held up nominations for nearly a  year. It undermines our national defense, and it is unfair to our  military and to our military families. He insults our military, and  then he turns around and tries to blame President Biden for his own  actions. The hypocrisy of this Senator is truly breathtaking. We have  got to stay, and we have got to get these military leaders confirmed.    Madam President, nearly 2 months after Hamas launched  brutal terrorist attacks on Israel, we continue to grieve for those who  were killed, and we also pray for the return of loved ones taken  hostage. And for those who have been injured, for rape victims, and for  those who survived by hiding themselves among dead and dying friends,  we offer love and support.   October 7 was the deadliest day for Jewish people since the  Holocaust. I have seen video of Hamas's attack and their terrorists'  contempt for Israeli' lives. As I have said before, Israel has both a  right to defend its citizens from Hamas's terrorist attacks and an  obligation under the laws of war to protect innocent Palestinian  civilians in Gaza. Palestinians are not Hamas, and they should not be  punished for Hamas's terrorism.   I want to be clear about how I see the war that Israel is currently  waging in Gaza. Prime Minister Netanyahu and his rightwing war cabinet  have created a humanitarian catastrophe, killing thousands of  Palestinian civilians and risking a wider conflict in the Middle East.   The Gaza Health Ministry estimates that more than 15,000 people in  Gaza  [[Page S5788]]  have been killed and more than 40,000 injured. The vast majority of  those killed and injured have been Palestinian civilians, many of them  women and children. This level of civilian harm is a moral failure. It  is why for weeks I have called on Israel to stop bombing Gaza.   A 7-day cease-fire between Israel and Hamas gave hope that more  hostages would return to their loved ones, gave hope that a massive  amount of humanitarian aid would reach innocent Palestinians in need of  food and water, and gave hope that negotiations would continue as the  parties worked toward an enduring end to this fighting.   I applauded this cease-fire and urged its extension so that the  parties could secure a lasting peace.   When the cease-fire lapsed, I urged the parties to get back to the  negotiating table and build on the prior agreement so that the cease- fire could resume, but, instead, the fighting ramped up.   So I will say it again. Hamas must release the hostages and stop  firing rockets at civilians in Israel. The Israeli Government must stop  the bombing in Gaza and deliver humanitarian aid. All of us must do  everything possible to resume the cease-fire and extend it for as long  as possible.   The long-term goal must be peace--two states for two peoples.   Today, the Senate will vote on legislation to provide military  funding to Ukraine, Israel, and Taiwan. I will support this legislation  because Ukraine is on the frontlines, fighting back a brutal Russian  invasion that would destroy its existence as an independent nation.   A few months ago, I visited Ukraine and saw firsthand the courage of  the Ukrainian people, who are literally putting their lives on the line  to keep democracy alive.   This legislation also contains $10 billion in humanitarian aid for  families around the globe, including in Gaza. It also provides  emergency shelter funds for migrants who are newly arrived in the  United States. It includes money for mosques and synagogues that are  dealing with threats here at home.   I strongly support those provisions. In fact, I fought hard for those  provisions. But I want to be clear that when it comes to U.S. military  aid to Israel, American support cannot be a blank check to a rightwing  government that has demonstrated a gross disregard for the lives of  Palestinian civilians. U.S. military aid always includes conditions,  and there is no exception even for our allies.   The United States regularly conditions military aid on compliance  with U.S. law and international humanitarian law. In the case of  Israel, I have long argued that the United States should use all of the  tools at its disposal, including placing conditions on U.S. military  assistance, to move the parties closer to permanent peace and a two- state solution.   Prime Minister Netanyahu's actions are not moving closer to a two- state solution. Instead, his actions set conditions for endless  violence.   Since October 7, extremist settlers in the West Bank have  deliberately hunted down and killed Palestinians and, according to the  United Nations, displaced more than 1,000 people.   In Gaza, Israeli forces have struck hospitals and refugee camps,  killing scores of civilians in pursuit of its military targets.   Israel has ordered Palestinians to evacuate for safety and then  bombed the safe zones.   The videos from Gaza of dead children and wailing parents are  shattering. They document the current Israeli Government's continued  moral and humanitarian failures.   It now appears that Israel is prepared to impose in southern Gaza the  same staggering level of civilian death that it carried out in the  north. That is wrong.   I lay these actions at the feet of Prime Minister Netanyahu. If the  Prime Minister insists on conducting military operations with little  regard for civilian life and in a manner that moves the region deeper  into perpetual war, then he does not deserve America's blanket  financial support.   I understand the desire to help Israel and the people of Israel, but  given the actions of the Prime Minister, Congress should condition any  military funding on an agreement that civilian lives will be protected,  that Palestinians will receive the humanitarian aid they need, and that  international law will be fully respected.   Over the past 2 months, I have had many conversations with people  across Massachusetts about the path forward. This conflict is horrific,  and it is deeply personal. I have talked to Israelis who have lost  beloved friends and family. I have held parents who have had children  violently taken as hostages. I have talked to Palestinians who have had  family members killed. I have held hands with people conducting a  desperate, long-distance search for missing loved ones. I have joined  the sometimes-frantic efforts to help Palestinians who are desperately  trying to get out of Gaza but can't. The pain runs deep for all of  them.   This conflict has also sparked a wave of hate here in the United  States. The Council on American-Islamic Relations in Massachusetts has  received a record number of calls reporting vandalism, violence, and  retaliation against Palestinians. A man in Boston was arrested for  attacking the Holocaust Memorial, and synagogues in Attleboro are  receiving bomb threats.   I have had Muslim and Palestinian constituents talk to me about being  pulled over for extra screening at the airport while their White travel  companions sailed right on through. I have heard stories of how hard it  can be to land a small business loan or get a credit card application  approved even when they meet all the criteria.   Anti-Palestinian hate is endangering our neighbors. Three college  students in Burlington were shot on their way to dinner. I have had  moms tell me they are now afraid to say that they are Palestinian, and  they are now afraid for their children to leave the house.   Anti-Semitism is endangering our neighbors. Hillel leaders tell me  they are afraid to walk alone on campus or speak up in classes. Mothers  say they worry about bringing their toddlers to activities at their  synagogue because it could be the target of an attack.   In these moments, each of us has an obligation to speak out clearly  and loudly against hate. Each of us has an obligation to actively  oppose hate in all of its forms. Anti-Semitism must be rejected.  Islamophobia and anti-Palestinianism must be cast off. We should make  our intentions clear. We should work toward those goals until they are  finally true. No one should be afraid. No one should feel unsafe. And  it is on our shoulders to build an America where there is no place for  hate.   But there is more for us to do. We cannot give up on peace. Hamas  leaders make their goals clear: perpetual war and death. But, as I said  earlier, Hamas is not the Palestinian people, and the Palestinian  people are not Hamas.    In the midst of the chaos and pain of this terrible war, I hold fast  to the possibility that people of good will, both Palestinians and  Israelis, can build a lasting peace.   I have long believed that a two-state solution is the best path, is  the only path for Israel's long-term security and the only way to  ensure that Palestinians have the rights, the freedom, and the self- determination they need to build a secure future for themselves and  their children.   In the short term, the needed work is obvious: Resume the cease-fire,  accelerate humanitarian aid, protect innocent civilians, and release  the hostages. In the long term, the hard labor--the labor that ensures  that we won't be here again and again and again to mourn the deaths of  the people we love and have lost to an endless cycle of war--the hard  labor is to drive toward a just and lasting peace for both Israelis and  Palestinians.   I yield the floor.   