 Mr. President, also from Michigan, it is wonderful to  see you in the Chair.   Mr. President, I want to explain how we got here today because you  are going to hear a lot of things that are just false today and,  frankly, are things that, I believe, are mean and using some of our  most vulnerable children for political stunts.   But let's start. Why are we having this discussion? Well, the Supreme  Court has ruled that discrimination based on sex includes sexual  orientation and gender identity. In general, it makes sense. The  administration, including the U.S. Department of Agriculture, is simply  updating its policies to comply with the law.   Now, last year, 22 Republican attorneys general took the Department  of Agriculture to court based on the argument that you will hear today  from this resolution's sponsor. Everything you will hear they sued the  Department of Agriculture over, and the court just dismissed the case.  They completely dismissed the case. In fact, the opinion dismissing the  lawsuit called the Republicans out for their political stunt. This is  the judge saying this, stating that this case had nothing to do with  bathrooms or sports teams. And the judge then said that this case is  about food stamps and nutrition--not bathrooms, not sports teams, not  free speech, and not religious exercise. It is about whether or not the  USDA--how they administer food benefits: school breakfast, school  lunch, after-school snacks, and other kinds of school and other food  programs. And the judge said: The plaintiff States want to ignore a  Federal statute and discriminate against poor people who do not conform  to traditional conception of sex.   So this is about food programs.   And then the judge went on to say: The plaintiff States' insistence  to the  [[Page S5207]]  contrary is no more than an invitation to join a political discussion  untethered to applicable statutes or precedent. The court will instead  simply apply the law.   So I urge the rejection of what has been called a political stunt by  the Federal court. I am calling it a political stunt because it is very  clear that children are being used to address what some colleagues have  said is just ``red meat'' to Republicans, to feed the cultural wars.   Now, I want to say that I am really glad that my Republican  colleagues are so concerned about feeding kids, and they should be  happy to know that the USDA food and nutrition policies have nothing to  do with school bathrooms and nothing to do with school sports. The USDA  food programs have nothing to do with funding the rest of the school  programs. The Federal nutrition money is not used on anything else. It  can't be withheld on anything else or for funding anything else, other  than the school meals. That is what it is all about.   This whole exercise is nothing more than a political stunt using  children, as I said before, to stoke the made-up cultural wars. Every  child deserves to enjoy school breakfast or lunch without being singled  out for being LGBTQ+, period. That is all this is about.    I also want to just add that the Biden administration is focused on  making sure the kids have access to meals and families can put food on  their table, and it is absurd that anyone would say otherwise. They  have increased access to free meals for students, expanded local food  options, and are making meals healthier.   And we came together, at the end of last year, Senator Boozman and I,  and led an effort to expand summer meals. It was a wonderful bipartisan  effort to make sure, in the summer, that we have 29 million children,  who would otherwise not eat healthy meals, have a chance to get a  healthy meal.   So we should be working together on bipartisan efforts to provide  healthy food for our children. This exercise does not accomplish that.  It is nothing more, unfortunately, than a cruel political stunt.   I urge my colleagues to vote no.    Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague for his  comments.   This is so serious for children. But let me be clear. Clear. The U.S.  Department of Agriculture nutrition programs do not fund anything  related to school bathrooms or school sports. This is a rule about  making sure all children have access to school meals. They are not  discriminated against. The children aren't blocked from getting school  meals if they are gay or nonbinary or transgender.   And it is true, there were 22 Republican attorneys general who took  the Department of Agriculture to court. Do you know why? The case got  thrown out. The case got thrown out, and the judge called it a  political stunt.   The USDA has not threatened to withhold food from any child in  school. In fact, the case that my friend talked about was a California  statute, not USDA. The USDA has not threatened to withhold food from  any child in school, period.   So I am committed to advancing real policies that make a difference  to our children but not wasting the Senate's time on political stunts.    I urge my colleagues to vote no.   