 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill and to  speak clearly and directly on H.R. 734, which Republicans are  ironically calling the Protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act.  This bill is undeniably an attack on our kids and does nothing of  substance to protect girls.  [[Page H1779]]    Bills like this are aimed at taking away rights from LGBTQ Americans,  specifically our kids. Kids and their families are being targeted and  harassed for political gain. I ask, is this really the Nation that we  want to live in?   Sports bans for kids are cruel and unnecessary. These bills are  clearly, at their core, un-American. They are about restricting rights.  They are about barring kids--kids, kids--from full participation in  sports.   The U.S. House of Representatives must not participate in this  obvious fear-based hate and discrimination of trans youth. We risk  lives when we don't stand up clearly and loudly against discrimination  of all kinds.   This bill would have us believe that we should be afraid of trans  youth. Nothing could be further from the truth.   When I talk to these kids and their families, when I listen deeply to  these kids and their families, what they say is: I just want to live my  life. I just want to have friends. I want to be myself. I don't want to  go to school and be picked on.   They need our support. They do not need us demonizing them and  fearmongering and bullying.   Today, Republicans blocked our amendments, which would have actually  supported our girls in schools. My amendment would have strengthened  protections against harassment in schools based on sex, race, color,  national origin, disability, and age. It would have restored  protections against harassment and ensured equal opportunities for all  students. It would have also required schools to take additional steps  to protect students that have experienced sex-based harassment.   We cannot keep putting our children in harm's way with this hateful  rhetoric that is coming directly from inside the Halls of Congress.  Instead, let's do our job and take real steps to actually protect our  children.   