 Mr. Chair, today I rise in opposition to H.R.  5. As an educator, I believe parent voices should be honored in  schools. All educators believe this.   We know that this bill is not about that at all. We have always had  parents involved in our schools, so stop being foolish and divisive. We  always need their input.   This bill is nothing more than a talking point of the extreme MAGA  agenda that will hurt children and hurt our schools. Let's face it-- there has been a movement to eliminate public education since the 1954  Brown v. Board of Education decision.   With the election of our President 7 years ago, it pulled the scab of  a wound that never healed. Now it is an open, gaping wound, and it is  out of control. They are throwing everything at public schools but the  kitchen sink: vouchers, excessive testing, poorly paid teachers,  banning books, and now they are trying to drive a wedge and create an  antagonistic relationship between schools and their parents. How  pathetic. How dreadful.   Parents love teachers. Everybody loves teachers. Every parent has an  ``I love and remember a teacher'' story. How disgraceful that we want  to terrorize the very people who love our children, keep them safe, and  educate them for over 8 hours daily. Our teachers are sacrificial  lambs.   You will never eliminate public schools. We will fight you as long as  it takes. This is all that the little children who look like me have.  Public schools are the bedrock of this Nation.   Let me tell you what a parent's bill of rights should include. I will  call it the parents' 10 commandments:   Thou shalt restore the Child Tax Credit; provide free, hot breakfast  and lunch; provide free pre-K and free community college.   Thou shalt end the school-to-prison pipeline; put a nurse in every  school; offer after-school activities; provide intensive counseling  services, particularly to address school shootings.   Thou shalt offer parents the right to improve their education and job  skills, love and respect every child's individuality, guarantee that  every child's teacher will make a minimum of $60,000 a year.   