 Madam Speaker, I stand before you today to defend the  very survival of New Mexicans; families like my own, working families,  who work hard every single day and still struggle to make ends meet,  who still struggle to put food on the table, and who still struggle to  put a roof over their head. These are families who depend on vital  services and programs like mine that enabled me not only to survive but  to go to school and to stand here today as your Congresswoman.   These programs save lives, and yet the GOP is attempting to hold the  entire country, New Mexico, our families, and our economy hostage if we  do not gut these vital, lifesaving programs or they will tank the  economy to achieve their political ends.   In return for upholding the full faith and credit of the United  States and paying our bills as a Nation, right now Republicans are  demanding that we cut funding for food, for housing, for Tribal  programs, for education, and for countless other lifesaving programs  that our families depend on.   I am here today with my colleagues from the Progressive Caucus to say  that we will stand and we will defend these programs because our  families' lives are not bargaining chips in this crusade to cut  government programs and services. Their lives and dignity matter.   Just 2 weeks ago, I was home in our community and stood with members  of our community at the Albuquerque Healthcare for the Homeless  memorial wall. This wall is covered with tiles with names of members of  our community who have been lost to homelessness: mothers,  grandmothers, fathers, children, aunties, and uncles. These are people  who were loved and people who were lost. They are people whose lives  mattered in our community and were lost to the senseless impact of  homelessness.   Make no mistake, Madam Speaker. The programs that the GOP is  currently proposing to slash will impact thousands of New Mexicans who  are currently facing housing insecurity and millions of lives across  this country, gutting programs around housing and food insecurity.   These are families who could face eviction from their homes because  they no longer have support. This includes families with children, our  elders, veterans, and those with disabilities. This is not only wrong,  it is immoral because housing is not a luxury. Housing is a fundamental  human right.   I also cannot believe that I am standing here today in defense of  veterans' programs as well because the GOP is currently proposing to  cut our veterans' programs by double digits. These are programs that  serve our heroes who have dedicated their lives and put their lives on  the front line in the defense of our country, our national security,  and the freedoms that all of us enjoy.    We not only have a sacred obligation to help and preserve those  programs, but to ensure that the countless veterans who have already  served our country can access the care that they deserve.   These cuts could impact 81,000 healthcare professionals within the VA  system. That means putting our Nation's heroes' lives at risk and  creating even longer lines to see healthcare professionals. That is 30  million less visits affecting over 60,000 veterans in New Mexico alone.   Our veterans bravely served our Nation, and it is our responsibility  to defend these programs because their care is not up for debate.   Republicans are not only proposing to slash these programs, they are  also proposing to cut other healthcare programs. In fact, more than 60  percent of New Mexicans depend on the lifesaving care that they receive  through Medicaid and Medicare or both. If the GOP were successful in  putting through these draconian cuts in the default for America act,  more than 280,000 New Mexicans would be at risk of losing their health  insurance, and more than 21 million Americans would be without access  to care.   This won't just affect healthcare. It will affect the ability of our  elders to get access to their Social Security.   For all of you out there who are listening, you know how vital those  Social Security payments are to making sure that our elders can eat and  put a roof over their head and also because you paid into that system,  and it is yours.   Growing up, my family experienced many of the same challenges that so  many countless New Mexicans and Americans struggle with today. The  programs that we are talking about that would be gutted through these  heartless cuts would not only have affected families like mine and my  ability to survive and stand here today, they will affect millions of  Americans. So this is very personal to me.   Lifting the debt ceiling should not be a crisis. It has been routine  for decades. In fact, under both Republicans and Democrats, we have  raised the debt ceiling, we have paid our bills, and we have made good  on our responsibility and our fiscal responsibilities as a country.   It is dangerous to play games with the full faith and credit of our  Nation and our economy, but it is heartless to propose to gut these  programs.   As the Congresswoman for New Mexico's First Congressional District, I  ask my Republican colleagues to consider what these programs mean, the  millions of lives that are standing at risk, the millions who will be  impacted, those who could lose their housing, and the children whose  mouths will not be fed.   This is what is at stake in this hostage situation, and we will not  stand idly by because we are fighting. We are fighting not only for the  full faith and credit of the United States and our economy, but for the  working families of this country to ensure that we do not balance the  budget and make good on our fiscal responsibilities on the backs of  working people because we  [[Page H2412]]  were elected to serve our communities and to serve our country.   