 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding to me.   Madam Speaker, I rise to strongly oppose this rule and the fiscal  year 2024 Financial Services and General Government appropriations  bill.   The bill blocks, repeals, or amends ten laws and policies adopted by  the District of Columbia's locally elected officials.   The rule also makes in order three amendments that would block D.C.  from spending its local funds, which consist of local taxes and fees,  to carry out local D.C. laws and policies.   While Congress has the constitutional authority to legislate on local  D.C. matters, it does not have a constitutional duty to do so. Instead,  legislating on local D.C. matters is a choice.   The Supreme Court has held that Congress may delegate ``fully  legislative power'' to D.C. on local D.C. matters.   D.C.'s local legislature, the D.C. Council, has 13 members. All  members are elected by D.C. residents. If D.C. residents do not like  the laws the Council adopts, they can vote those members out of office.  That is called democracy.   Congress has 435 voting Members. The Members are elected by residents  of the States. None are elected by or accountable to D.C. residents.   If D.C. residents do not like the laws Congress adopts, they cannot  vote the Members out of office. This is the antithesis of democracy.   The Revolutionary War was fought to give consent to the governed and  to end taxation without representation. Yet, D.C. residents cannot  consent to any action taken by Congress, whether on national or local  matters, and pay full Federal taxes. Indeed, D.C. pays more Federal  taxes per capita than any State and more total Federal taxes than 19  States.   D.C. residents, the majority of whom are Black and Brown, are capable  and worthy of governing themselves. If House Republicans cared about  Democratic principles affecting D.C. residents, they would bring my  D.C. statehood bill, which would give D.C. residents voting  representation in Congress and full local self-government to the floor.   Congress has the constitutional authority to admit the State of  Washington, D.C. It simply lacks the will.   