 Mr. Speaker, after 4 days and 15 rounds of  votes, the new Republican majority has finally chosen a Speaker. Their  first order of business is to trample on the hopes of the people that  elected them.   The rules package that we see before us contains no less than three  bills that strip people in this country of their reproductive freedom.  These bills are a slap in the face to voters who proved time and time  again at the polls last year that they believe in reproductive freedom  and abortion access.   From Kentucky to Kansas to my home State of California, our  constituents believe that the right to make decisions about their life  and their health, including about abortion, lies with them, not with  you, not with me, not with any elected official.   This rules package is meant to help this body govern, not restrict  the personal autonomy of millions. As one who has had an abortion, I  know how horrific this rules package is. It is our bodies. It is our  choices.   Mr. Speaker, this dysfunction and hypocrisy is shameful, and the  people deserve better.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to  H.R. 23, which would gut the enforcement of our tax laws.   As part of the Inflation Reduction Act, Democrats fought hard last  year to help the IRS crack down on wealthy tax cheats like Donald  Trump.   But House Republicans want to make sure the IRS remains underfunded,  understaffed, and unable to catch the top one percent who hide over 20  percent of their income from the IRS each year.   Meanwhile, the working people who pay their taxes will wait longer  for tax refunds and assistance because of these cuts.   Do not let Republican talking points about IRS funding mislead you.  This bill will only help tax cheats avoid paying their fair share.  House Republicans are only protecting their fat cat allies like Donald  Trump.   Instead of catering to their billionaire friends, I urge my  Republican colleagues to prove they actually care about working people  by voting no on this bill.   