 Mr. Speaker, our residents sent us to Congress to tackle  the issues that are affecting every American's ability to thrive. They  did not send us here to waste valuable time on messaging bills that are  dead on arrival in the Senate and do nothing to improve the lives of  working families.   We are weeks, possibly days, away from Republicans hurtling our  economy toward a devastating default on our debt for the first time in  our Nation's history, and Republicans are heartlessly using the crisis  as an opportunity to try to force cruel cuts to the social safety nets  for our communities, especially our veterans, who depend on healthcare.    Republicans are putting vital public programs like Social Security  and Medicare at risk by playing petty political games to appease their  billionaire donors and harm the lives and livelihoods of the American  people.   Mr. Speaker, defaulting on our debt would be devastating, if not  catastrophic, for all those relying on Social Security and Medicare, as  you know, in all of our districts. Social Security recipients would no  longer receive checks, risking their ability to pay for groceries,  rent, and utilities.   This is exactly the type of chaos many of my Republican colleagues  want to see happen, but Democrats are fully committed to protecting and  expanding Social Security. Social Security is the bedrock of our social  safety net and a pillar that all of our neighbors rely on, again, to be  able to retire with dignity.   Unfortunately, as the cost of things like healthcare, caregiving, and  prescription drugs has skyrocketed due to the unchecked corporate greed  in our country, our seniors have come to rely even more on Social  Security every single day.   Mr. Speaker, now more than ever before is the time to strengthen  Social Security. If we defeat the previous question, we will bring to  the House floor H. Res. 178, a resolution affirming the House's  commitment to protect and strengthen Social Security and Medicare.   Republicans need to stop wasting our time and playing games with the  lives of our people. I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous  question so we can advance this important legislation.   