 Mr. Speaker, let me express my appreciation to the  gentlewoman from Florida for her grand leadership and the gentleman  from Illinois. They have been dynamic. I acknowledge our chair,  Congressman Horsford, of the Congressional Black Caucus, who had a very  powerful morning this morning, and as well continues to lead us in the  right direction.   I was late today because I could not leave the pain of Texas without  standing with those in a press conference in the Mickey Leland Federal  Building to express both our outcry, our pain, and our outrage.   Last evening, MSNBC had a headline show that said the ``Lone Star  Hate.'' I stand here today to say there are good people in Texas. There  are people who are demanding that there be action in the aftermath of  the worst couple of days that we have had in a long time.   The parents of the Uvalde children waited 13 hours in the State  legislature just to be heard on raising the age of those who could  purchase weapons of war. In the midst of that, a family who simply  wanted their baby to sleep was slaughtered and murdered, in the midst  of that, by a person shooting an AR-15. A veteran explained to me that  that is an M16, a weapon of war, which maims and kills the enemy so  that they cannot rise, not be taken care of, and not move away from  other gunfire.   Of course, though not by guns, in Brownsville, Texas, some eight or  so people were killed who were simply trying to make sure that they had  a peaceful place to be.   I come here today to insist on my own State taking a stand to ensure  that the people who are crying cry no more.   The individual who killed the people in the mall in Allen, Texas,  family members removed him from their house. He was tattooed with huge  Nazi and white supremacy insignia.   My bill that I introduced, H.R. 61, indicates that white supremacy is  hate, it is a hate crime, and I amended the hate crime bill to ensure  that if you die because of white supremacy, they get an enhanced  sentence due to hate crime legislation.   He only lasted 3 months in the United States military. We have to do  a better job communicating about individuals--not brave soldiers who  have PTSD, but individuals like this who didn't even last because of  his views and attitudes and behavior. He obviously hated viciously, but  he was able to get an AR-15.   After Uvalde, the State of Texas, the Governor's office, established  a DPS task force that was supposed to monitor social media. Why wasn't  this individual monitored, with all of his hate?   Underlying all of that are guns. That is what we spoke about today,  guns. We asked the State of Texas, the legislature, my friends, and  those who work with Republicans, we asked them to be sure to move this  bill to raise the age to 21. The Uvalde parents waited 13 hours. It  came out of committee. It has to go to the House and Senate.   I stood there today and asked for universal background checks, and I  asked the State of Texas why--with the Safer Communities Act, where we  had the red flag laws and, of course, Congresswoman McBath, we led in  the House to protect our kids. It was mandatory. It was mandatory. But  in the Safer Communities Act, it was optional--our State has not taken  advantage of it? They squeaked through and got a few dollars for the  veterans court. I am asking the Governor to opt in to the red flag law,  universal background checks, the Kimberly Vaughan gun storage  legislation, the ban on assault weapons, and raising the age. These are  all items that Texas and other States can do without violating the  Second Amendment.   I uphold the Second Amendment. Standing with me today, with Moms  Demand Action, a young man by the name of Jay Love, who is marred for  our lives; along with Captain Phillips, a police officer, who says that  3,200 guns are stolen or taken in Houston, Texas, as the ATF says, out  of people's cars. Yet, we can't get Texas to act. Rhonda Hart, whose  daughter was killed in Santa Fe, who is begging for relief.   With that kind of pain comes the ability to act. I look forward to  working with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus who have  been at the forefront of leadership. My colleague Robin Kelly has  mentioned over and over again the absolute violence that kills children  and others.   I close with this simple acknowledgment. There were eight people who  died, I believe, in Allen, Texas, three family members, left a little  6-year-old with no one; two sisters. This is what this sinister, evil  man did. With evil in his evilness, he did it with a gun.   We must come back to this Congress and do something that is going to  make a difference. I hope the Senate can pick it up and realize that we  cannot live in this country anymore with the reckless killing and  violence that is perpetrated on our loved ones and on Americans.   Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Payne).   