 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution, and I  yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise as the ranking member of the Ethics Committee, a body that I  am proud to have served on throughout my entire time in Congress. I  also rise as a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, which I  have also served on throughout my time in Congress.   Many people don't understand the nature of the Ethics Committee. It  is a unique body within this Congress. It consists of an equal number  of Democrats and Republicans, and it offers a mechanism by which  complaints against Members of Congress and high-ranking staff can be  vetted, investigated, and adjudicated on pretty much a confidential  basis by the members of the committee.   I am very pleased that--and this may really surprise people to know-- that we often come to completely unanimous decisions in that very  bipartisan committee.   So, with that said, I am disappointed that my colleagues in the  majority are choosing as one of their very first exercises of authority  in this Congress to pursue vengeance over governance.   Governance would be to allow this resolution, which has been referred  to the Ethics Committee, to proceed through the committee's regular  process.   The Ethics Committee is charged with determining whether Member  behavior violates the Code of Official Conduct and, when warranted by a  violation, recommending that the House adopt sanctions or restrict  certain privileges like service on committees.   I strongly urge a return to the days of civility, which would be nice  to see here in this body, and which I think the American people would  very much welcome. One of the ways of doing that is to have this  Chamber allow the Ethics Committee to do its work, so that we avoid a  situation where every couple of years, when there is a transfer of  power between one party to the other, we don't see these constant  efforts to boot people from committees based on past actions.   If a Member does something egregious that is worthy of a complaint,  any Member can bring a complaint to the Ethics Committee, and it can be  dealt with there.   The majority is seeking to advance this resolution before the Ethics  Committee, and yet, the Ethics Committee has not yet even adopted its  rules, held an organizational meeting, or convened for the first time  this Congress.   I want to address the issue of due process. During the Rules  Committee meeting leading up to today's vote, a number of concerns were  expressed, and it has been reported in the media as well, concerns  about due process.   The resolution, H. Res. 76, claims that any Member reserves the right  to  [[Page H645]]  bring a case before the Committee on Ethics as grounds for an appeal to  the Speaker of the House for reconsideration of any committee removal  decision. Notably, that language is contained in one of the whereas  clauses, not in the resolved clause, which is the only binding part of  this resolution.   By the way, it has even been conceded by Members of the GOP that the  whereas clause, the quote is, ``merely references an existing process  and in no way begins an appeal procedure or guarantees her committee  seat will be reconsidered. It's nonbinding and not actionable,'' a  senior GOP aide told Politico on Tuesday.    Well, in fact, I agree with that quote, with the exception of where  it says that the clause references an existing process. There is no  such existing process. There is no due process at all afforded to the  Member who is being sought to be removed from a committee, and that is  not due process.   I say that to address the many, many concerns that I have heard from  Members on the other side of the aisle, from members of the Rules  Committee. There is no due process in this House Resolution.   Once the full House votes to strip a Member of a right or privilege,  only the full House can restore that right or privilege. Allowing  Representative Omar to appeal to the Ethics Committee after the House  has already voted to deny her a seat on the House Foreign Affairs  Committee would be nonsensical and it would be a defective process.   It is the wrong order of things, and it violates how the Ethics  Committee has operated ever since its creation as a standing committee  of the House in 1967, where the committee recommends a sanction after a  full investigation and adjudication, and the Member is allowed to  present evidence and make their case, and then the full House votes on  the committee's recommendation for sanctions.   H. Res. 76 violates the spirit of how our unique committee, the  House's only evenly divided, truly bipartisan standing committee  operates.   This is about partisanship, Mr. Speaker, not principle. This is about  payback, not process.   H. Res. 76 is wholly transparent for what it is, and I firmly oppose  its passage.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Phillips), also a member of the House Foreign Affairs  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Ms. Clark), the minority whip.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Massachusetts an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the former majority leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Maryland an  additional 30 seconds.    Madam Speaker, I completely concur with the gentlewoman  from Indiana that we need a better process, and one that affords due  process, but this resolution does not.   Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Meeks), the ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, the  former chairman.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentleman from New York.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New  York (Ms. Ocasio-Cortez).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Ms. Pressley).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Missouri (Ms. Bush).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Swalwell).    How much time is remaining, Madam Speaker?    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from the  State of Washington (Ms. Jayapal).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Schiff).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Pocan).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Tlaib).    Madam Speaker, how much time remains on my side of the  aisle?    Madam Speaker, for the purpose of closing, I yield the  balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. Omar).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   