 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding and for his longstanding support of this important legislation  that really reflects the values that we stand for here in the United  States of America.   I particularly thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Issa) for the  back and forth--depending on who is in the majority in our Chamber in  each successive Congress--as we sort of trade responsibility for who  leads this bill.   In addition, I have also previously co-led this legislation with our  former colleague, Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, and Mr. Diaz- Balart also joins us, as well. There is really broad bipartisan support  for this bill, and I am so proud to lead this legislation on the  Democratic side of the aisle.   This legislation would ensure that our government is never complicit  in theft and expropriation ordered by autocracies.   By prohibiting U.S. recognition of illegally confiscated trademarks,  this bill stands strongly against attempts by the Cuban regime to  profit from hijacked intellectual property.   Representing a diaspora community as I do, I have heard countless  constituents recount how their home countries stripped them of hard- earned wealth.    Many Cuban families had to start from scratch when they arrived. They  had property and their businesses confiscated.   Our Nation has benefited immeasurably from their cultural  contributions and entrepreneurial spirit.   We are not just a nation of immigrants. We are a nation of  innovators. We should always reward creativity and punish piracy.   Our most fundamental responsibility is protecting Americans and those  living in our country from being victimized by our adversaries.   Our failure to do so would only embolden global despots who seek to  target their exiles.   I hope my colleagues join us in refusing to tolerate trademarks being  held hostage, as this one is in particular, and the many others that  are held hostage by the Cuban regime and other regimes, as well. I am  hopeful that our friends on the other side of the Capitol, once we send  this bill to them, will send it to the President of the United States  for his signature.   