 Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to  recognize the life of an extraordinary Alaska Native leader Oliver  Aveogan Leavitt, who died January 9, 2023, at the age of 79. With the  passing of Oliver Leavitt, Alaska has lost a highly respected Inupiaq  leader and elder who dedicated his life to advocating for Inupiat and  Alaska Native rights and ensuring that cultural and traditional  knowledge will be passed down to younger generations.   Oliver Leavitt was born in 1943 in Utqiagvik and was raised in  caribou and fish camps along the Arctic coast living a traditional  Alaska Native subsistence lifestyle. Oliver was known as a statewide  leader and was instrumental in the legislation and policy changes that  he successfully advocated for, including the Alaska Native Claims  Settlement Act--ANCSA--working in close partnership with dear friends  and leaders such as the late Dr. Jacob Anagi Adams. Oliver not only  lived in a time of rapid and monumental change, but he was also an  agent of that change and progress for his people at a defining period  in our State's history, leading discussions about rights to the land  and resources and ensuring prosperity for the region as a founder and  leader of Arctic Slope Regional Corporation.   Oliver Leavitt's staunch and storied dedication meant sacrificing  time away from his family and cultural activities to camp out in DC,  working on the passage of amendments to ANCSA that benefited all Alaska  Native people for future generations, including legislation which  authorized development on North Slope lands. Oliver also provided  strong cultural leadership as a whaling captain, leading the Oliver  Leavitt Crew, and sharing his skills as an expert skin boat maker.  Oliver proudly served his community, State, and Nation at all levels,  as an Army veteran, serving in the Vietnam war, and served on many  local and early boards, such as Arctic Slope Regional Corporation,  Alaska Federation of Natives, the U.S. Arctic Research Commission,  Arctic Slope Native Association--which led his North Slope region in  the fight about land claims--and First Alaskans Institute.   Dr. Leavitt is survived by his beloved wife Annie Hopson Leavitt; his  two daughters, Mary Lou and Martina (Jamie); daughter-in-law Doreen;  seven grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren. He is preceded in  death by his and Mrs. Leavitt's son, William Jens Leavitt. Dr. Leavitt  occupied a special place in Alaska's history and in the hearts of those  who called him a friend. He prioritized mentoring the next generation.  Oliver was loved in return, and Alaskans are immensely proud of all  that he contributed to the State. My family and I extend our deepest  condolences to his friends, family, and loved ones during this time as  we reflect on the life a legendary Alaskan.   