 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 2, the  child deportation act.   This bill is not a serious attempt to fix our broken immigration  system and to address the humanitarian crisis at  [[Page H2269]]  our southern border. Rather, H.R. 2 is an anti-immigrant MAGA wish  list.   It would put kids in cages and allow them to be held in Border Patrol  facilities for up to 30 days, 10 times longer than current law.   It would place unaccompanied children at risk of human trafficking,  sexual exploitation, and violence.   It would bar nongovernmental organizations, like the American Red  Cross and Catholic Charities, from working with our government to  shelter immigrants, creating dangerous and inhumane conditions for our  border communities.   It would decimate our asylum system by creating new and arbitrary  restrictions for asylum seekers, all while gutting programs such as  humanitarian parole that have been proven to reduce the number of  arrivals at our border.   It would exacerbate the crisis by tearing down our humanitarian  assistance programs while reassigning border agents away from stopping  the transport of illegal drugs like fentanyl.   H.R. 2 will cause irreparable harm to children and families,  undermine our international leadership, and hurt our economy.   Yesterday, House Democrats presented a serious framework for how to  fix and modernize our immigration system. The U.S. Citizenship Act, or  USCA, recognizes that a robust, humane, and efficient immigration  system makes America stronger.   It would actually alleviate the humanitarian crisis at the southern  border by helping the President address the root causes of migration  and providing resources to humanely and efficiently process children  and families who seek asylum here.   It would also reunite families, fix our visa backlog, protect  immigrant workers from unscrupulous employers, and ensure no future  President can ban entire groups based on religion.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this surprise billing  our workers act.   This bill would harass workers with surprise bills for unemployment  benefits that were overpaid due to State errors. These workers, many of  whom worked long hours for low wages, rightfully used these benefits on  basic needs, such as utilities, rent, and groceries, with no way of  knowing that there was a mistake.   State agencies were simply not equipped to expeditiously get out  pandemic unemployment benefits, resulting in a number of overpayments  to workers who filled out their applications honestly in States led by  Governors of both parties.   There is no denying that there were wrongdoers who exploited the  emergency programs set up by Congress to assist American workers.  However, this is not an excuse to go after honest Americans who did  nothing wrong.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this bill.   