 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Lucas for organizing this  Special Order. Honoring Jenn Wickre is really a privilege.   I know Jenn from the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and I  know her as an organized and capable person. Today, even more than  speaking for myself, I am here to speak for the Democratic staff of the  Science, Space, and Technology Committee who know her even better than  I do. Many of them have worked with Jenn closely for many years. They  really appreciate her and her excellence as a congressional staffer  serving this institution and our Nation and how valued she is as a  colleague on both sides of the aisle and how respected she is in the  greater science and technology stakeholder community.   Prior to coming to the Hill, Jenn had not worked on science policy,  but she has a keen intellect, and she understands and cares deeply  about the issues that come before our committee. She has become such an  expert on these issues that most people just assume that Jenn came from  a lifelong science background.   Staff on both sides have benefited from her institutional knowledge,  her thoughtfulness, and her perspective. The mutual trust and respect  she shared with Democratic staff has allowed them to find common ground  on almost every topic that came before them.   It also even enabled them to tag team in difficult negotiations with  the Senate and external stakeholders, especially during the CHIPS Act.  Jenn's sharp sense of humor also helped ease the tension in these long  and acrimonious negotiations with the other body.   Jenn played an essential role in the CHIPS and Science Act, a bill we  celebrate as being a once-in-a-generation accomplishment, and she did  that while going through treatment for her cancer. That is just  remarkable.   Staff on the Democratic side count Jenn as more than just a  colleague. She is their friend, and they are praying for her and  pulling for her at this moment.   I believe that their friendship speaks further to the special person  that she is. Jenn is the best of what our Nation should expect from  people dedicating their careers to the work of this institution.   I am honored to lend my voice to the celebration of her career today  and to be the voice of the Democratic staff who love her so much and  who are praying for her recovery.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Lucas for allowing me to participate.   