 Madam Chair, I thank Representative Sherrill for  yielding me time.   Madam Chair, I rise today in opposition to this harmful and dangerous  amendment, a back door to a national ban on abortion.   I also rise saddened and frustrated that we find ourselves here in  this legislative body deciding whether or not we trust our women in  uniform and our military families to make healthcare decisions for  themselves.   Let me say loud and clear, as someone who has worn the uniform, who  had a child as an Active-Duty member, and who has a uterus, unlike many  who are opining on this subject, I trust women to make the best  decisions that they are able to for their own health and their  families' health.   It is insulting that we have to stand here and ask our colleagues to  acknowledge our servicemembers' and military family members' bodily  autonomy.   I grew up in a military family, moving dozens of times. When I  graduated and when the time came, I also raised my right hand.   Today, that same woman stands before you perplexed. Why would any  woman want to enlist when her fundamental freedoms and those of her  family are no longer her own?   The percentage of Active-Duty servicemembers who have no or severely  restricted access to abortion is now 46 percent. I strongly urge my  colleagues to oppose this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment.   Instead of debating the very many pressing national security issues  that our country faces, my Republican colleagues are, unfortunately,  using this amendment and many others to continue their needless crusade  against the LGBTQ+ community.   It goes without saying that regardless of sexual orientation or  gender identity, the servicemembers and civilian employees who work at  the Department of Defense provide a great sacrifice and great service  to our great Nation. With this amendment, my Republican colleagues are  once again attempting to erase and censor the LGBTQ+ community in our  Armed Forces and in those workplaces.   For 17 years, Don't Ask, Don't Tell prohibited servicemembers from  being openly themselves without the threat of being discharged. I  served during this time. Since its repeal, our country has made  significant strides to acceptance in our Armed Forces and in the DOD.   With this amendment, anti-equality lawmakers are attempting to take  us backward by prohibiting servicemembers and DOD employees from  displaying the Pride flag, a symbol of strength and acceptance of the  LGBT community, individuals, and the many ongoing challenges that  continue to be faced by that community.   Regardless of whether you are a servicemember serving overseas or a  civilian employee working at the Pentagon, all of our servicemembers  and defense employees should have the opportunity to celebrate their  identity and their truth, and this amendment would take that away.   With the enactment of the Respect for Marriage Act, we saw  possibilities for progress when both Democrats and Republicans came  together in support of the LGBTQ community, yet instead of embracing  this bipartisanship and progress, with this amendment, my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle are espousing an anti-equality and anti- trans agenda.   At a time when the LGBTQ+ community is facing a deluge of attacks in  States across our Nation, now more than ever, we must come together in  support of that community, their heroes, and those who honorably serve  our country.   Once again, I stand here as a veteran, the mother of a gay daughter,  an ally to LGBTQ servicemembers and DOD employees, and in strong  opposition to this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Ms. Pressley).    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   We agree that we should not be spending our time and wasting our time  on this issue. We agree that flags have purpose and flags have meaning.  We agree that we should be flying properly approved flags.   However, what we don't agree on is that we should be taking our  Nation back. This is all of our Nation, not just for some.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this harmful and  very misguided amendment; and let's do start with the facts.   This amendment, dare I say, is a naked attempt at discrimination, an  attempt to ban books such as those who depict families with two moms or  two dads. To block those stories is to block the story of my own  daughter and her wife, as an example.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle like to say that they  are for individual rights and freedom, but it is perhaps more accurate  to say that some of them want the individual right to deny other people  and other families their rights and freedoms, as well.   The Federal Government does not and should not get to choose what my  children or my daughter's children read.   As a parent myself, I also have children, and a former teacher, I  believe that the beauty of books is in its ability to expose us to  worlds and ideas that are outside of our own. Our schools should be  focused on creating environments that support every student, all  students, and not censoring their individual experiences.   Here is where we clearly do agree. Parents across the country want  their children to learn in safe and affirming environments, which is  why I am also in vehement opposition and, frankly, quite disgusted by  some nonstop attempts that seem to be coming from our colleagues on the  other side of the aisle to label content that they don't like as  pornography, as a shield that, frankly, in my opinion is hiding blatant  bigotry.   So I rise on behalf of my daughter and the LGBTQ+ people whose  experiences must be told. This bill, this amendment doesn't stop with  LGBTQ+ people or servicemembers. This amendment also yields other  harmful consequences.   How the text is currently written would allow for further draconian  and out-of-touch interpretations that could ban books simply like Judy  Blume's, one that we have probably all read, those of us of a certain  age and gender, ``Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret.'' or other  stories that teach young people about puberty, their bodies, or contain  information about health and sexual education.   America is a country of freedom of speech and freedom of ideas, and  yet my colleagues across the aisle want to ban books that enable the  next generation to thrive.   So today I rise, dare I say, to allow people to be able to choose  what they  [[Page H3538]]  read to their children, or what their children read.   As a child in DoDEA schools, I actually got to be exposed to this  exact situation where I had the opportunity to read a lot when I was  growing up in Defense Department schools, and I can't imagine a world  where my parents didn't have the ability or the authority to decide  what it was that I was going to be able to read.   I urge my colleagues to vote against this very harmful amendment and  against all efforts that politicize military and hurt military  readiness and national security.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Ohio (Mrs. Sykes), my colleague.    Mr. Chair, I would just urge my colleagues please to  vote against this harmful amendment and other amendments that are  similarly working very much to destroy and distract from what I think  is really important, which is the national security of our Nation.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   