 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his leadership on this important committee and for giving  all of us the opportunity to express our support for the District of  Columbia.   I come to the floor with great pride on this. As Delegate Eleanor  Holmes Norton knows, I take pride in the fact that my father, when he  was a Member of Congress many, many years ago from Baltimore, was the  chair of the Appropriations Subcommittee on the District of Columbia.   He was a big supporter of home rule which didn't exist at that time  and then, of course, we saw home rule, then we saw Mayor, and we see  the District of Columbia. Now our aspiration for statehood has always  been but continues to be.   So when we hear this debate on the floor, what are we talking about  here?   Has this become the city council of the District of Columbia that we  are debating issues?   That is up to the District of Columbia. What we do is respect their  ability to make their own rules whether we like them or not.   So the point is that this is sort of a gotcha kind of an amendment  that I think is most unfortunate and unworthy of the debate on  statehood and representation for the people in the District of Columbia  who fight our wars, pay our taxes, contribute to the greatness of our  country, but do not have representation in the Congress of the United  States and fall victim to any criticism of their individual  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on this.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his leadership for fairness and safety in our schools and  for justice in our communities.   I stand here today in opposition to the legislation that is on the  floor. In listening carefully to the maker of the motion, he references  a religious context in his comments, and so will I, then, following his  lead.   Yes, we are all God's children. We all have a spark of divinity in  us, and therefore, are worthy of respect. That spark of divinity that  is within us insists that we respect it in others, as well.   So recognizing that we are all God's children, I rise in opposition  to this legislation because trans kids are all God's children; belong  in sports, in schools, in books, in families, and on teams.   It is really important for us as leaders in our country to speak with  respect for all of the people in our country.   Trans kids listen and hear what we say, and we do not want to do them  harm for whatever purpose on the floor of this House.   The gentleman also referenced Title IX. While none of us were  probably here when Patsy Mink very courageously passed Title IX, many  of us were here as we reauthorized it over time and fought off, fought  off initiatives to weaken it to say that in supporting women in sports  was taking away from men in sports. That is simply not the case.   I will say that this bill is an insult to the legacy of fairness and  inclusion that Patsy Mink intended, and was passed by the House and the  Congress in Title IX; Senator Birch Bayh, the Senator from Indiana.   So I say let every child, regardless of gender identity, deserve a  chance to be part of a team, to learn lessons of sportsmanship, to push  themselves to reach their fullest potential and vote ``no'' against  this legislation.   