 I rise today to stand alongside the over 80 percent of  Americans who support Medicare being able to negotiate the price of  prescription drugs, because despite being the wealthiest Nation in the  world, too many Americans are struggling to afford the medications that  they need to survive. More than 5 million Medicare beneficiaries are  struggling to afford their medications.   I have heard devastating stories from Wisconsin seniors who have been  put in impossible situations and forced to ration or forego their  medications, all while the drug companies turn record profits.   No American, and especially our seniors who are on fixed incomes,  should have to choose between putting food on the table or accessing  the prescription drugs that they need to stay healthy. That is why I  was so proud to support the Inflation Reduction Act to finally provide  some relief for Wisconsin families and hold the big drug companies  accountable for prioritizing profits over people.   And now, we are seeing the results. We capped the cost of insulin  out-of-pocket at $35 a month for seniors, we lowered healthcare  premiums for millions of Americans, and we penalized drug companies for  raising their costs faster than inflation.   Last month, we reached a new milestone that has been a long time  coming. Medicare announced the first 10 drugs that they will negotiate  with drug companies. These are lifesaving medications that millions of  Americans take to stay healthy, treating everything from diabetes to  heart disease, to blood cancers. By lowering the costs of these drugs,  fewer seniors will have to choose between buying groceries and taking  their medication, and fewer families will lie awake at night worrying  about how they are going to afford the cost of their loved one's  medication.  [[Page S4380]]    Most importantly, Medicare finally stepping up and taking on the big  drug companies means that fewer Americans will be priced out of the  care that they need to live healthy lives. We have more work to do, but  the Inflation Reduction Act was a historic step in the right direction.   Every American deserves access to affordable and comprehensive  healthcare, and I am committed to finishing what we started last year  with the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act.   I yield the floor.   