 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Takano and the chair  for allowing me to speak today in support of S. 475, which Senator  Heinrich and I introduced. It would designate the Veterans Affairs  clinic in Gallup, New Mexico, as the Hiroshi ``Hershey'' Miyamura VA  Clinic.   Corporal Hiroshi, or ``Hershey'' as those in New Mexico called him  early on, was born in 1925 to Japanese immigrants in Gallup, New  Mexico. Beautiful Gallup, New Mexico, is in my district and it is  surrounded by beautiful  [[Page H4364]]  mountains, mesas, the Navajo Nation, the Zuni Pueblo, and others. It is  a tremendously, achingly beautiful place, but from Gallup, he answered  the call to serve not just once, but twice in his life--first in World  War II and then in the Korean war.   He wanted to fight for his country in World War II but was ineligible  because of his ancestry until 1945. He then served in the 442nd  Infantry Regiment, a unit entirely composed of Japanese Americans  because we must remember that at the time that he was answering the  call to service, we were suffering in the United States a period of  hatred and xenophobia toward Japanese Americans, which makes his answer  to the call of service even more extraordinary and for which we are  even more grateful.    In 1951, Corporal Miyamura held off enemy soldiers that threatened  his machine gun squad. He faced them in hand-to-hand combat. He single- handedly held the line giving his squad time to reach safety. Corporal  Miyamura would spend the next 28 months as a prisoner of war.   Corporal Miyamura was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for  his service, only learning of his achievement upon his release in 1953.  I thank Mr. Takano for sharing those most moving words, Madam Speaker,  that he spoke upon receiving that medal. He was the second to last  living Korean war Medal of Honor recipient. Now, his passing in  November 2022 reminds us of the sacrifices our veterans make to defend  our beautiful Nation.   The Gallup community is extremely proud to have been Corporal  Miyamura's home where he returned. The Veterans Affairs Clinic in  Gallup provides essential care to veterans and their dependents. It is  one of our rural CBOCs that provides essential care, so our veterans  don't have to spend 2 to 3 hours on the road to get the care that we  have promised our veterans.   I have visited that clinic. I visited with the veterans in Gallup,  and they have asked me about the status of this designation. I am going  to be really happy when we pass this, hopefully this week, to tell them  we have done it.    We will name this clinic after him so that he  can keep watch over his brothers and sisters in arms as their guardian  angel. We will remember him, Gallup will miss him, a Nation will miss  him, but most of all, we will continue to honor him.   Madam Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in honoring Corporal  Miyamura and vote for Senate bill 475.   