 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to prohibit  the Office of Management and Budget, OMB, from implementing its April  6, 2023, revisions to OMB Circular A-4.   These revisions are an attempt to rewrite and water down the  regulatory guardrails currently in place so that the Biden  administration can promulgate regulations that dramatically overstate  the benefits and underrepresent the costs.   The Biden administration has big plans to spend your hard-earned  money and reshape your way of life. They are working to concoct all  manner of massively expensive regulations, including rules on climate  change, social equity, income redistribution, and creating a ``social  cost of carbon.''   However, even the profligate Biden administration has realized that  it faces checks and guardrails on its regulatory authorities as a  result of OMB's Circular A-4, which provides objective and nonpartisan  guidance to agencies for considering the impacts of different  regulatory actions.   OMB Circular A-4 came from a 1993 Clinton-era executive order  providing agencies with a framework and guardrails for considering  different regulatory approaches that truly maximize benefits for the  American people and minimize costs.   The April 6, 2023, revisions to OMB Circular A-4 are a departure from  bipartisan and widely accepted practices and principles and are a  thinly veiled attempt to push through the radical leftist agenda by  stacking the deck in favor of extremely costly regulations.   Perhaps the most egregious part of these revisions to Circular A-4 is  that they will allow agencies to consider not only the benefits of  regulations to Americans, who are the ones footing the bill, but  benefits that accrue across the entire world. This would surely result  in agencies dramatically overstating the purported benefits of  regulations that can be seen as having global benefits, such as  anything invoking the phrases ``climate change'' or ``social cost of  carbon.''   In order to enact its radical agenda, the Biden administration needs  to rewrite OMB Circular A-4 so that the cost of its regulatory regime  can be minimized and the benefits dramatically overstated.   We must reject the attempt to ``stack the deck'' so the Biden  administration can radically reshape our lives and reach even deeper  into our pockets.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, we do not need this concoction of ``social  cost of carbon'' visited upon us in this country that will cost us lots  and lots of money.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, again, we need to stop the Biden  administration from implementing its revisions to OMB Circular A-4. We  don't need to water down the regulatory guardrails currently in place  and dramatically overstate the benefits and underrepresent the costs of  their rules. This needs to be stopped.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   