 Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 2494.  Once again, the majority has put forward an extreme and unworkable  piece of legislation. No one condones serious assaults against law  enforcement officers. However, H.R. 2494 goes well beyond serious  crimes to include minor offenses and would even allow people to be  deported without an arrest, let alone a conviction.   We hear a lot about the border from my Republican colleagues, but  let's remember that this bill has absolutely nothing to do with the  border or with undocumented immigrants. All this bill does is add a new  way for people who are living here lawfully in the United States to be  deported. Most importantly, we are talking about the ability to deport  lawful, permanent residents, people with green cards.   My Republican colleagues like to say that they support legal  immigration, that these immigrants did things the ``right way.'' Do we  really want to be deporting people with lawful status, many of whom are  eligible to apply for citizenship for low-level offenses without a  conviction, without due process, without a day in court?   Let's remember that convictions for serious assaults on law  enforcement are already offenses that make someone deportable under  current law. Our immigration laws can be very unforgiving and many  times capture actions that we do not intend to include.   Under current law, if an individual is convicted of a crime of  violence and sentenced to a year or more in prison, that is an  aggravated felony and that person is deportable. The same is true for  someone who is convicted of what is called a crime involving moral  turpitude, where the crime is punishable by imprisonment of 1 year or  more.   Both of these deportability grounds are already invoked when someone  is convicted of a serious, intentional assault on a law enforcement  officer, where bodily injury occurs or is intended. Under this bill, no  conviction is required at all. Merely committing the ``essential  elements'' of an assault makes someone deportable. Who is to say what  an essential element is? This bill certainly doesn't define it.   I just want to give a couple more examples to what the ranking member  already gave of what could happen under this bill and the unintended  consequences of not requiring a conviction.   Let's say someone gets a parking ticket. They are upset about getting  a parking ticket. They crumple up the ticket, they throw it on the  ground, and it lands in front of the feet of a police officer. That  would actually be considered assault.   Let's say an EMT is on the scene of an accident and they are going to  give someone medical care, but that person is in the throes of having  just been in a serious situation, they are afraid, they have pushed the  hand of that EMT away, and it seems like they are pushing that person  away. That action would be an assault against a law enforcement  officer, a deportable offense, both of them, under this bill.   Unfortunately, during our markup, which was lengthy, we learned that  our Republican colleagues are completely fine deporting people for this  kind of conduct. In fact, one Republican colleague even said that he is  fine deporting someone if there is no contact at all with law  enforcement. They referred to lawful, permanent residents--which I was  a lawful, permanent resident, probably one of the few in this body that  actually knows what that means--many of whom have lived here for  decades as mere ``guests'' in this country and rejected any attempt to  institute any due process or basic parameters around this unworkable  piece of legislation.    Instead of attempting to score cheap political points during National  Police Week, my colleagues should be working with us on real bipartisan  solutions to achieve humane and just immigration reform. I urge my  colleagues to reject this bill.   