 Mr. Speaker, I give the compliment back to the  distinguished gentlewoman from New Mexico. We are alums, and we will  leave that for all to find out from where, but I am very proud to stand  with her and really to stand with all of those who believe that the  scourge of fentanyl must end now.   Mr. Speaker, we should not have one more death. I don't think there  is any disagreement on this floor that there shouldn't be any more  deaths. I also believe that it is important to recognize that there are  some things that we come together on. I have never heard a Democrat be  against border security. I have never heard a Democrat be against  fighting the scourge of fentanyl taking out children.   As I have said over and over again, as a senior member on Homeland  Security and Judiciary, who has written comprehensive immigration bills  to protect Americans and to secure our borders, at the same time as the  ranking member and former chair of the Crime Subcommittee, I know what  to do with fentanyl.   I have introduced H.R. 3570. We have to stop fentanyl now to be able  to get at the core of our problem. There is no doubt fentanyl comes in  mostly from legal points of entry by United States citizens and others.   It does have other entry points, but the core is to protect the lives  of our children. Why couldn't we do our work where we are doing one  bill and another bill? H.R. 3570 deals with synthetics. It deals with  educational outreach.   Just last night, I was speaking to a young person who said, Can you  get Naloxone to be, if you will, in nontraditional places, clubs?  Certainly, it should be in schools. It might even need to be in places  of civic mindedness because it is where young people go to save their  lives. Then synthetics, fentanyl that is used medically, are being sold  online in pills that are misrepresented to our young people, and they  lose their life.   H.R. 3570 takes care of that, fights the scourge of online sales and  fentanyl trafficking. There is a pathway of getting to where we want to  be, but a schedule I where you are, in essence, doing mandatory  minimums that are not stopping, if you will, this horrible traffic. We  are indicating we can get to this with enhanced penalties for the  actions of the perpetrator so that you don't by mistake get someone  innocently doing research or otherwise dealing with this particular  drug that we are talking about that can be deadly.   There are scientists, there are responsible medical professionals,  and then there are the devastatingly drastic evil people who try to use  this to kill our children. We cannot adhere to that.   H.R. 3570 looks at it comprehensively. Working with the Judiciary  Committee, working with Energy and Commerce, and all our Members, it is  important to put forward legislation that can embrace us all. I believe  that we have the responsibility to do the right thing.    The underlying bill could stand some work from all  of us, and I ask us to save our children. Let's save our children and  stop this deadly drug from coming into the United States, and let's  find a way to reach our children.   