 Madam President, I rise today to join Senator Baldwin and  Senator Blumenthal and all of my colleagues who are speaking in support  of the Women's Health Protection Act. And I want to thank Senator  Whitehouse for his eloquence just now in describing the real life and  death consequences of the Dobbs decision.   I want to thank advocates from Planned Parenthood, NARAL, and other  organizations who have been tirelessly pushing for this legislation and  standing up and speaking out for reproductive freedom. The grave threat  to the health and freedom of women all across our country makes clear  that it is more important than ever for Senators, regardless of  political parties, to come together and support this critical  legislation. Nothing less than the freedom of American women and the  future of our democracy itself depends on us doing so.   For more than two centuries, each successive generation of Americans  has enjoyed more freedoms than the last. By extending the promise of  our democracy to all Americans, our country has only become stronger.  But the Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe v. Wade brought that  story of progress to an abrupt halt, taking away a fundamental freedom  from millions of women--a freedom that most have known for their entire  lives.   Now, when women across the country raised the alarm following the  Supreme Court's decision, there were those who suggested that we were  overreacting. They suggested that life for most women would continue as  it did before. Well, it has become very, very clear that those who  espoused that view were wrong.   Since the Supreme Court's decision, legislatures across the country  have passed abortion bans into law. Just last week, Wyoming's  Legislature passed a new law which will ban abortion in all trimesters,  in nearly all cases, and would threaten doctors who perform abortions  with jail time. Other States have imposed even harsher criminal  penalties. This has had a chilling effect on women's healthcare  providers and countless women can no longer access reproductive care  that they need.   Partisan politicians who believe women are incapable of making their  own critical healthcare decisions have made clear that their ultimate  goal is to ban abortion in all 50 States. In statehouses and here in  Washington, these partisan politicians have demonstrated that they are  not only committed to dismantling women's healthcare but that they do  not believe that women have the capacity or conscience to make their  own personal decisions.   Like many of you, in the last 10 months, I have heard from women at  rallies, in letters, and in quiet conversations who are fearful of  these attacks on reproductive freedom. The question before this Senate  is whether or not we believe that we have an obligation to listen to  their voices, whether or not our government should be accountable to  the people, including women. What is at stake is the principle that  American women are free and equal citizens in our democracy and that  they should be able to chart their own futures. That is why I urge my  colleagues from both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting the  Women's Health Protection Act, which would once again protect a woman's  fundamental freedom in every part of the country.   We can't stand idly by as women across America have become second- class citizens. We should stand united in the belief that our daughters  deserve the same freedoms as everyone else.   If we want to ensure that our country remains a place where the  promise of our democracy belongs to all, where our daughters are free  to make their own choices and reach their fullest potential, where we  remain a government  [[Page S705]]  by, of, and for the people, then we must listen to American women and  support the Women's Health Protection Act.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk,  and I ask for its first reading.    I now ask for a second reading, and in order to place the  bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my  own request.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 724, which is at the desk.    I further ask that the bill be considered read a third  time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 100, submitted earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to,  the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it stand adjourned under the  provisions of S. Res. 100 until 10 a.m. on Thursday, March 9; that  following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired,  the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two  leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning  business be closed; that following the conclusion of morning business,  the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the  Werfel nomination postcloture; further, that all postcloture time be  considered expired at 11:30 a.m. and the Senate vote on confirmation of  the nomination followed by confirmation of the Simmons nomination;  further, that following disposition of the Simmons nomination, the  Senate resume consideration of the Kahn nomination and at 1:45 p.m.  vote on confirmation of that nomination; finally, that if any  nominations are confirmed during Thursday's session, the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's actions.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the previous  order, following the remarks of Senator Sullivan.   