 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1076, the Preventing the  Financing of Illegal Synthetic Drugs Act sponsored by the gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. De La Cruz), a bill that I am pleased to cosponsor and  co-lead.   Thanks to collaboration on both sides of the aisle, this bill offers  a well-written study focused on the financing and proceeds of the  illicit synthetic drug trade that is victimizing communities across the  country. By following the money behind the multibillion-dollar drug  trade, we are able to understand the traffickers' operations and  improve our ability to disrupt their activities.   The effects of this trafficking have been staggering. Deaths  involving synthetic opioids, such as illicit fentanyl and  methamphetamine, increased by 22 percent in 2021, resulting in the  deaths of more than 100,000 of our family members and neighbors. In  2022, there were also nearly 200,000 nonfatal opioid overdoses in the  U.S. In 2021, overdose death rates increased 44 percent for Black  people and 39 percent for American Indian and Alaska Natives, showing  troubling trends and widening disparities among population groups.   Combating the opioid epidemic is one of the reasons why I ran for  Congress. Like too many Americans, my family has been impacted by the  opioid crisis. My mom's addiction began with the overprescription of  opioids, which led to heroin and ultimately fentanyl when it started to  take over the drug supply chain in 2016. Unfortunately, my mom's story  is not unique in Jefferson County, in Colorado, or in this country.   The opioid epidemic is now more lethal than ever as we continue to  see drugs become more and more potent and easier to traffic. It is  going to take an all-hands-on-deck approach to stop the flow of  fentanyl and other illicit synthetic opioids in this country. Ensuring  that we understand the financial networks of drug trafficking  organizations is a critical tool that we need to protect American  lives.   This bill will not solve all the issues related to the opioid crisis.  We need to do more to increase access to substance use disorder  treatment and recovery services, and we need to do more to help support  the workforce shortages. We need to crack down on social media  companies that are permitting the sale of illegal drugs to young  Americans, and we need to ensure that the financial system has the  tools to quickly identify bad actors and break up their drug  trafficking rings.   As a member of the House Financial Services Committee, I advocate for  leveraging every financial tool at our disposal to pursue the  traffickers of illicit fentanyl and other drugs. In this role, I also  advocate for every individual family and community that has suffered or  will suffer from misguided antidrug policies' physical, social, and  economic damage to have the support that they need.   Thus, I urge my fellow Members to vote for this needed trafficking  study bill, but I also urge them to consider that we must take the time  to learn the lessons of past epidemics and take further steps to  eliminate harmful and counterproductive policies.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. Beatty).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative De La Cruz for her collaboration  on this bill. Together, we can better understand the financing of drug  trafficking and how the traffickers move and hide their proceeds. Doing  so will help Congress and other policymakers to better disrupt their  operations, protecting innocent Americans from the deadly harm that  they cause in communities across the country.   Mr. Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1156, the China Financial  Threat Mitigation Act of 2023, sponsored by Representative Spanberger  of Virginia.   It is crucial that we closely monitor any risk to our financial  system and economy that may arise from the financial sector and economy  of the People's Republic of China.   Our financial regulators have already raised some concerns about such  risks. For example, the Financial Stability Oversight Council  highlighted in their 2022 report that ``difficulties in the real estate  sector could cause strains across China's financial system, including  at banks, nonbanks, corporate bond markets, and local government  finances.''   However, further analysis is needed, as China's size and  interconnectedness with the global economy may pose risks to the United  States if those kinds of risks spill over.   H.R. 1156 would require a comprehensive report by our Treasury  Department looking at these different types of financial risks, in  consultation with relevant agencies, to better inform Congress and  provide actionable recommendations to our representatives at various  international bodies, such as the Financial Stability Board, in order  to mitigate these risks.   Ranking Member Waters was pleased to work with Chair McHenry last  Congress to advance this bipartisan bill through the House. I join her  in hoping that we can pass this bill again with the support of the  Senate so this work can begin quickly.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. Beatty).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I commend Representative Spanberger for her leadership on these  important issues and her work in drafting this bipartisan bill.   I also thank Chair McHenry and Representative Williams of Texas on  the other side of the aisle for working with us Democrats on this  important legislation.   This bipartisan work resulted in a vote of 40-0 on this bill during a  Financial Services Committee markup earlier this year.   I, again, urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   