 Mr. President, I follow my colleague from California,  and I believe he said it correctly--the legacy of Dianne Feinstein.   Our colleagues are in shock today, even though we knew Dianne was  ill, even though we knew she was 90 years old, even though we knew she  was the longest-serving woman Senator. The fortitude that she showed  and demonstrated was constant. Sitting here just a few months ago in  all-night vote-arama sessions, when the youngest of us wanted to crawl  into our hideaways and sip coffee at 2 a.m., Dianne was at her desk  voting.   At 90, she had the fortitude, as Senator Murray said, to vote just  yesterday. I don't know if it was the steel that was cemented into her  at that moment of the mayor's assassination or the tragedy and cost of  serving and knowing that you still had to move forward. No matter how  disastrous the situation was, Dianne moved forward.   I am so blessed to have served with her. But I want people to know  the Nation has lost a legislative giant, women have lost a hero, and  the Senate has lost a true colleague. Those of us who are out here  today know when we say the word ``true colleague,'' we mean like a true  collegial colleague. Sometimes we say the word with a little more  disdain, like our ``frustrating colleague,'' or as Senator McConnell  said, our ``good friend,'' when maybe in reality, it is hard to get  those words out.   But Dianne was the epitome of what the Senate is losing. Let's just  face it. Dianne, one of her most famous phrases was ``I have to go home  and read tonight.'' I bet you her family or her staff heard her say  that because she meant it. She meant: I don't know enough about this  subject to go just spur off. I am literally going to study and analyze  and find out what it actually is all about.   How many times did Dianne stand up in caucus and say: I have been  reading a lot about this subject, but I think we need to know a lot  more? And she would communicate what she knew and, as many of my  colleagues know, she was always asking questions.   For me, as a young Member coming here more than 20 years ago, I was  amazed and astounded at what I might call the polite pushiness of  Dianne Feinstein. I don't know how she did it, but serving on the  Judiciary Committee with her--and Dianne will observe--when Dianne's  time ran out and somebody tried to cut in and debate her, Dianne had  this way of saying: Mr. Chairman, this is a really important point and  I just need to make this point. And the chairman would let Dianne go on  for another 5 minutes. And I thought, How does she pull this off? Well,  I will tell you how she pulled it off: because people knew she was  serious about legislating. She was serious about working across the  aisle.   And probably in my early days here, she forged the greatest  impression of what working across the aisle was really all about. There  were times, probably, when I didn't even agree with her, but she had  the cache of a Senator who could put a deal together with both sides.   I saw her great work on the California Desert Protection Act,  landmark legislation protecting California. I saw it on the 2007 energy  bill where we raised CAFE standards for the first time in 25 years.  Dianne had a provision called Ten-in-Ten. She just evangelized every  minute of the day about why we needed higher fuel efficiency standards.  She thought we could improve it 10 miles in 10 years and she was right,  and it became the basis of what that bill was. She never let anybody  off the hook during those negotiations. She made sure that we got that  done.   I saw her work tirelessly as my colleague Senator Murkowski--she may  not have been here yet--but she worked with Jon Kyl on water  legislation until the cows came home, because Arizona and California  had real water issues and Dianne was forever adamant about trying to  address this issue for the western part of the United States.   So for me, I want to thank her family for your sacrifices, for  sharing Dianne with us, letting us have her as long as she was willing  to serve and for making it the dedication of her life.   Yes, that personal side of her was also so sweet. Most of us doodle,  but Dianne doodled in masterpieces. And she was always inviting people  to dinner, always doing those kind little things for us, which means  that you really made the Senate a more human place. That is what she  really did. She just made this a more human place by just giving a  little time and attention to some of the needs of your colleagues. But  what sweet blessings; what sweet stories.   I want to honor Dianne by remembering her great legacy and thanking  all of those who were part of her life because, for women, we didn't  really know how to get all of this done here--how hard you push, how  loud you can be, how much you can just get in here and grind away  sometimes. Dianne showed us that, yes, we can be trailblazers and do it  and that the results really, really, really, really matter for people.    I hope that people will remember that legacy of her and the kindness  that went along with it and realize that this institution really does  need to return to the ways of Dianne Feinstein.   And if you are from California, you should be damn proud that your  Senator is going to go in the history books as a forerunner for so many  other women and for policies and behavior that we should be amplifying.   I thank the President.   I yield the floor.   