 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   I strongly oppose this rule. This rule would allow the House to  consider two resolutions that would nullify two bills recently enacted  by the District of Columbia's local legislature, the D.C. Council.  These are profoundly undemocratic, paternalistic resolutions.   The House, in which the nearly 700,000 D.C. residents have no voting  representation, is attempting to nullify a bill enacted by the D.C.  Council, whose members are elected by and accountable to D.C.  residents.   What is democracy? The dictionary defines it as a ``government in  which the supreme power is vested in the people and exercised by them  directly or indirectly through a system of representation usually  involving periodically held free elections.''   Perhaps President Lincoln described democracy best in the Gettysburg  Address as ``government of the people, by the people, and for the  people.''   The D.C. Council has 13 members. The members are elected by D.C.  residents. Eight members are elected by geographical area and five  members are elected at-large. If D.C. residents do not like how the  members vote, they can vote them out of office.   Congress has 535 Members. The Members are elected by residents of the  several States. None are elected by D.C. residents. If D.C. residents  do not like how Members vote, even on legislation that applies to the  District of Columbia, such as the two disapproval resolutions, they can  ask politely for residents of the several States to vote Members out of  office.   The Revolutionary War was fought to give consent to the governed and  to end taxation without representation. Yet, D.C. residents cannot  consent to any action taken by Congress, whether on national or D.C.  matters, and pay full Federal taxes. Indeed, D.C. residents pay more  Federal taxes per capita than any State and more Federal taxes than 23  States.   Instead of abusing its power by nullifying legislation enacted by the  D.C. Council, the House should adhere to democratic principles and pass  my D.C. statehood bill, which would give D.C. residents voting  representation in Congress and full control over its local affairs.   I will have more to say on these undemocratic, paternalistic  resolutions during floor debate on them on Thursday; but I will say to  all Members of the House now: Keep your hands off of the District of  Columbia.   