 Madam Chair, I thank Ranking Member Pallone  for his leadership and yielding the time.   Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposition to the polluters over people  act, and I rushed here to the floor with some good news: This bill is  not going anywhere.   President Biden has already said that he intends to veto it, but it  is not even going to make it out of the U.S. Senate. I thought  President Biden spoke very well in his statement on his veto message.   He said, we are ``making unprecedented progress in protecting  America's energy security and reducing energy costs for Americans--in  their homes and at the pump. H.R. 1 would do just the opposite,  replacing pro-consumer policies with a thinly veiled license to  pollute. It would raise costs for American families by repealing  household energy rebates and rolling back historic investments to  increase access to cost-lowering clean energy technologies. Instead of  protecting American consumers, it would pad oil and gas company  profits--already at record levels--and undercut our public health and  environment.'' It will take us backwards.   In fact, a number of America's leading health organizations, like the  American Lung Association, the Children's Environmental Health Network,  and others wrote to Congress to say they oppose H.R. 1 and its attempt  to weaken the Clean Air Act to allow additional polluting energy  sources. They say, ``Years of scientific research has clearly  established that pollution is a threat to human health at every stage  of life--from inside the womb to adulthood.''   Burning fossil fuels not only contributes to a warming climate, but  higher levels of dangerous--and deadly--pollution.   The good news is, this bill is not going anywhere.   There is more good news for American families and all of us who care  about the moral obligation we have to our kids to provide a livable  planet.   Earlier this month, the International Energy Agency said it has been  the jump in renewables, not frack gas--it has been the jump in  renewables that has helped blunt a feared runaway in carbon emissions.  In the end, they say, global energy-related emissions are still on an  unsustainable growth trajectory, but--and this is thanks to the  outstanding wealth of renewable energy, electric vehicles, heat pumps,  energy efficient technologies--that we still have a fighting chance.   This was followed by more good news yesterday out of the U.S. Energy  Information Administration. For the first time in 2022 renewable energy  in America surpassed coal burning in America, and it is now outpacing  nuclear energy, as well.   Who is driving this?   I thought this was very interesting.    The States that are producing the most  renewable energy resources: In solar, California, Texas, North  Carolina; in wind, again it is Texas, Iowa, and Oklahoma.   Why is this happening?   Because renewable energy is the cheapest energy.   With the Inflation Reduction Act, the bipartisan infrastructure law,  the CHIPS and Science Act, we are about to lower energy bills  substantially for our neighbors back home.   Since we have adopted the IRA, the infrastructure law, we have also  seen $200 billion of private sector investments in the manufacturing  sector in America, in clean energy, electric vehicles, batteries, and  other manufacturing processes.   There is good news here. As we debate this bill, and the polluters  over people act goes nowhere, we continue to lower energy costs for our  families back home, lift American workers, and provide for healthier,  safer communities. We have an opportunity here to go farther and  faster. That is what is inspirational today, not the backwards policies  of the past.   Vote ``no'' on the polluters over people act.   