 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  State-Foreign Operations bill while having tremendous respect for my  colleague from Florida, with whom I share many points of view, but  certainly not on the State-Foreign Operations appropriations bill  before us.   Here we are, for the fourth time this week, bringing forward a bill  that has no chance of becoming law. This bill is supposed to invest in  programs and people that ensure the national security of the United  States, protects her interests abroad, and promotes our democratic  values around the world.   This bill is supposed to show that the United States stands up for  our allies and democratic values while countering adversaries on the  global stage.   This bill is supposed to fund the programs that improve the lives of  women and girls around the world by investing in education, health, and  economic development.   It is supposed to ensure the United States can effectively wield our  soft power.   Instead, this bill packages devastating cuts with petty partisan  riders. It needlessly harms our career servicemembers and diplomats. It  sends a message that the United States is willing to abdicate our role  as a moral superpower, a role China and Russia are eager to fill. This  bill says we will abandon our allies, our interests, and our democratic  agenda all to cater to the whims of an extreme fringe.   The world is at an inflection point, more complex, more rife with  threats than ever before. If there is any doubt, just look around.  Russia has committed war crimes in Ukraine, and China has ratcheted up  its aggression in the Indo-Pacific and ruthlessly cracked down on  dissent at home. Authoritarians and dictators prop each other up, from  Latin America to the Middle East. They all bait the United States,  challenging us to step up or stand down.   In the face of that, this bill abdicates our responsibility to offer  a viable alternative to protect allies and our vital interests here and  around the globe.   We all know that when we gut programs to promote global education and  health, when we cast aside entrepreneurship support, and when we  neglect multilateral institutions doing vital work, we undermine our  ability and credibility to protect and defend, to truly make sure that  we can keep the world safe with our allies.   We lose our seat at the global table to ruthless thugs, dictators,  and fascists when we try to pass harmful policy like this bill  proposes. We do that at our own peril and imperil everything that  Americans hold dear, which is why I encourage my colleagues to oppose  this cruel and dangerous bill.   