 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding, and I rise in strong opposition to the child deportation act.   This effort will rip apart families, dismantle due process, and  expose children to abuse and trafficking.   This bill goes further than simply demolishing legal pathways that  the President has put in place. It strips back critical safeguards that  protect the safety and well-being of unaccompanied minors.   Instead of getting their day in court, this bill would imprison kids  for up to 30 days. Instead of reunifying children with family who are  here legally, this bill would deliver them to traffickers and other bad  actors. Instead of providing care and counsel to children, this bill  would weaken child welfare standards and reduce vetting of sponsors,  leaving children vulnerable to exploitation and abuse.   This legislation makes a mockery of our Nation's values to appeal to  our Nation's worst impulses.   Mr. Speaker, this effort to block access to asylum will fuel criminal  traffickers that extort desperate migrants.   To make it all very simple, this bill will plunge our border into  chaos, and that is exactly what my Republican colleagues want.   They demonize immigrants, lock up kids, and defund border security  just so they can blame Democrats for the crisis that they manufactured.   Let me give you an example of the Homestead migrant children  detention center that existed in Homestead, Florida, back in 2019, in  the previous administration.   This was a facility that warehoused unaccompanied minors. The  conditions were so challenging and the kids crammed so tightly together  under conditions where they were forced to literally have very little  space between one another and be imprisoned, essentially, in this  detention center that, eventually, it was forced to shut down.   When President Biden took action to allow Venezuelan, Cuban, and  Haitian migrants to apply for humanitarian parole, reducing border  encounters from these countries by over 90 percent, Republican  attorneys general filed a lawsuit to stop him.   My Republican colleagues trumpet the need for oversight, but when I  introduced legislation to prohibit child detention centers from  refusing access to Members to conduct that oversight, deafening  silence.   They scold Democrats on enforcement yet promise to slash border  funding to prepandemic levels, leaving border officers without vital  resources to combat fentanyl and human trafficking.   The only thing this bill will actually secure is the choke-hold grip  that MAGA extremists have on the Republican Party.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this legislation. It  would brutally harm children for the sake of cheap political points.   Our border should be governed by laws upholding our humanity, not by  demagogues promoting bigotry.   