 Madam Clerk, I rise to nominate Hakeem  Jeffries as Speaker of the House.   Madam Clerk, 212, 212, 212, 212, 212, 212, and, today, 212--212 House  Democrats stand united behind our leader because Hakeem Jeffries stands  united for the American people.   The historic dysfunction that we are seeing, this intraparty fight  that the American people have been drawn into, is imperiling our  national security. It will imperil the ability of this government to  deliver basic services. It is imperiling our jobs and our  responsibility to serve our constituents, but it is also entirely  predictable.   They are failing to convene Congress today, but for years, they have  failed to deliver the votes for the American people.   When schools and small businesses needed to reopen, and the American  people wanted vaccines, they said no.   When we capped insulin costs for seniors at $35 a month, they said  no.   When we lowered healthcare costs and premiums for working families,  they said no.   When we defended the civil rights of LGBTQ+ Americans, they said no.   When we protected lives from senseless gun violence, especially in  the wake of the horrors of Buffalo and Uvalde, they said no.   When we stood up for women and reproductive freedom, they said no.   When we brought manufacturing back to America, they said no.   When we answered the urgent call to protect our planet and invest in  clean energy and create tens of millions of good-paying jobs, they said  no.   When we said women deserve equal pay for equal work, they said no.  [[Page H23]]    When we said that childcare and paid family leave should be available  to every worker in this country, to every family, they said no.   When we secured the fundamental right to vote for every single  American, they said no.   When we stood by our veterans and expanded their access to  healthcare, they said no.   When we defended our democracy 2 years ago tomorrow from a tyrannical  President following the January 6 insurrection, they said no.   House Democrats will stand together. We will stand for the American  people. It is our job and our responsibility to elect a Speaker who  stands with them, and with great pride, I nominate Hakeem Jeffries.    The CLERK. The gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Biggs) is recognized.   