 Mr. President, I am pleased to be able to follow my  colleague from Nebraska in urging us as Members of Congress--really, us  as Americans--to come together in a show of solidarity as we speak  about the awful war that we are seeing unfold in Israel; of the  unspeakable actions that we have seen by the terrorist group Hamas; of  the awful, the barbaric, the genocidal violence and murders that we  have witnessed that have been committed against thousands of innocent  Israelis, beginning on October 8.   None of us can unsee what we saw that morning, throughout that day,  and then in the ensuing days that followed. We may be thousands of  miles away here in the United States, but we are reminded of it daily  when we turn on our televisions, when we open the newspapers, when we  open our social media--the atrocities, the brutality, the kidnapping of  civilians, the murdered children, elders, women. These coldblooded  crimes that have been committed by Hamas terrorists are unimaginable  and absolutely unforgivable; and our hearts are just heavy.   In just talking with people, as I have had an opportunity to be on  multiple coasts this week, from Alaska to Tennessee to California to  here in Washington, DC--on the airplanes in between--people are just  heavy with sadness, with grief, for what we are seeing in Israel, for  what we are seeing as to the Israeli people. It is hard to imagine what  so many families are going through right now.   So, at a time like this, when sometimes you are not quite sure how to  proceed or how to move, it is so important to make sure of those words  of commitment, of those words of support: that we stand with you, that  we unequivocally--unequivocally--support Israel.   We unequivocally support Israel's right to defend their people from  these brutal terrorist attacks. We unequivocally stand against Hamas,  which, as Secretary of Defense Austin has said, has deliberately  committed acts that match and even exceed the absolute evils inflicted  by ISIS. We must assure the world that we stand with Israel and against  the brutal genocide that we see from these terrorists. We must be  unwavering; we must be ironclad; we must be resolute in our commitment  to Israel. And we use these words time and time again.   Here in the Senate, there is a resolution that has been introduced-- signed by almost every single Member of this body--that reaffirms  Israel's right to self-defense; that calls on all countries to  unequivocally condemn Hamas's war on Israel; demanding that Hamas  release--safely release--all hostages; condemning Iran's support for  global terrorism, including its support for terrorist groups such as  Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad; calling on the United States to  lead an international effort, including through sanctions--as the  Senator from Nebraska was just outlining--to deprive of Hamas and Iran  and other Iranian groups their sources of funding.   So these words of support, whether through a resolution or words on  the floor, are so important as they are, but they also have to be  matched by our deeds, by our actions. For Congress, that means ensuring  that the Israel Defense Forces has the resources that they need to  defend their people.   First and foremost, the Iron Dome must be at full strength to protect  civilians from short-range rockets. The enormous strain that these  Hamas attacks have placed on the Iron Dome, of course, means that the  system is low on interceptors. We can and we must resupply Israel and  help ensure rockets launched by Hamas cannot penetrate their defenses.   Congress must come together to provide funding and all the munitions  and equipment that Israel may request. This is not a time for us to hem  and haw here. We can't bog down in political infighting. This is their  time of greatest need. We must provide Israel and her people with  everything that they ask of us. We have to be there. We must be there  for our strongest ally--today, tomorrow, and going forward.   So for those Americans at home who are asking, ``What can we do?'' we  can individually--we can individually--step forward. You can support  our efforts here in Congress, but you can also support our Jewish  friends and our neighbors who are seeing a surge in anti-Semitism at  home and abroad.   In Anchorage, over the weekend, there were several different  gatherings of solidarity for Israel. I had an opportunity--I wasn't  able to participate. I was there virtually. I was on an airplane for  the first one, but I was able to meet with Rabbi Greenberg the day  after. It was heartwarming to hear the solidarity that came out from so  many in our Anchorage, in our Alaska community embracing our Jewish  neighbors.   But I tell you, it was very heartbreaking when he showed me a picture  of the assembly of armed security that had come together for this event  to be there to provide protection. To know that security and protective  details are needed in our domestic synagogues where people of Jewish  faith gather is heartbreaking, and it is heartbreaking to acknowledge  that this is a reality here in this country.   The FBI just released a statistic that showed anti-Jewish incidents  were the most common religion-related hate crimes, totaling 1,124  reported incidents in 2022 alone. Not a single one of us should accept  those numbers or the acts behind them, nor should we accept  [[Page S5036]]  the fact that they are growing worse in these months ahead.   So, please, check in. Check in on friends who not only have to  confront the existential threat their homeland, Israel, is facing but  who are also facing hatred here at home. Anti-Semitism comes in many  forms, and we must do everything we can to combat it.   Of course, we have all seen the story in the news of the 6-year-old  Chicago boy who was killed because he was Muslim--stabbed, stabbed by  his landlord, and his mother stabbed. To see this peaceful family who  had nothing to do with the conflict in Israel destroyed by an act of  racist violence is beyond comprehension.   We must never tolerate hate in any form against any people in Israel,  in America, or anywhere else.   So we join countless Americans in prayer--prayer for the families of  those who have lost loved ones in Hamas's terrorist attacks on Israel,  those who are held as hostages, prayer for the innocents in Gaza, and  prayer for the Americans who have to watch their loved ones face danger  at home and abroad.   I yield the floor.   