 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this  bill.   We have felt the effects of climate change for years in south  Florida, draining millions from State and local government coffers to  respond to the cycle of natural disasters.   What is the majority's response in this bill?   A crippling 39 percent cut to the EPA and policy provisions that will  severely undercut efforts to curb CO2 emissions. We haven't  seen EPA funding levels dip this low since 1991, which ironically is  when experts told us that we needed to start tackling climate change.   What does that mean for people watching us at home? More asthma,  higher rates of cancer, and more frequent natural disasters, upending  American families' lives.   We need to invest in clean energy, not just right now, but yesterday.  Besides underfunding clean energy efforts, this bill also neglects the  cherished Smithsonian Institution. I was extremely disappointed that  this bill bars funding for the new National Museum of the American  Latino and the operation of the existing Molina Family Latino Gallery.   The legislation that created this museum enjoyed strong bipartisan  support just 3 years. The Latino community is so integral to America's  heritage, it baffles me why the majority would block the Smithsonian  from highlighting their historic and cultural contributions, especially  since Congress established this museum.   We must embrace the beautiful mosaic that makes our Nation so  incredible, and that includes investing in public museums to provide a  cultural and educational platform.   This bill, by the way, also underfunds the Holocaust Memorial Museum.  I respectfully requested the majority to include an additional $2  million over fiscal year 2023 for the museum's education program.   The intentional, genocidal violence inflicted on Israeli civilians  and the unconscionable apathy of many nations--and far too many in our  own Nation--is a sobering reminder that Israel is surrounded by  hostility and danger. Anti-Semitic threats and attacks in the U.S. were  already skyrocketing up 37 percent in 2022. Only by fully funding  education programs can we truly combat this rise in hate.   Let's take some pride in America. Let's not cloak bigotry and ensure  that we can educate people and promote understanding and unity, build  up our public spaces, not starve and neglect them. For these reasons  and many others, I urge Members to vote ``no.''    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in pain. As  Florida's first Jewish Congresswoman, the debate we are having today is  deeply personal. I have never felt this magnitude of agony, shock, and  anger burning in the hearts of the entire Jewish community. For me, for  many of us, this goes beyond our belief in the survival of the Jewish  state and rises far above politics as usual.   Today should be a moment of unity for this Chamber, a time where  partisan games and showmanship are put aside. The House should be  voting on a simple bill to provide urgent security assistance to Israel  in her battle against Hamas terrorists. This same terrorist  organization that perpetrated intentional genocidal violence on Israeli  civilians on October 7, who just yesterday vowed to repeat that  massacre over and over again.   That is why this House should send a clean bill to the Senate.  Instead, Speaker Johnson is willingly jeopardizing Israel's security by  making support for Israeli existence contingent on issues totally  unrelated to its security. He has taken an unprecedented step and one  with potentially fatal consequences.   I have seen statements from colleagues across the aisle since October  7, ones proclaiming an ironclad commitment to Israel. I have heard  their promises over the years to never condition aid to Israel. You  know you have looked pro-Israel leaders in the eye and promised that  you would never do that. Think about it. But here we are.   We cannot send a message to our strongest ally in the Middle East,  especially in this dire hour of need that the U.S. will only support  Israel if we can score political points against Democrats. We cannot  hold Israel security captive as she reels with over 230 of its citizens  still being held hostage. That is why last night I offered an amendment  that would have eliminated this offset, which isn't an offset.   It would have eliminated the false choice Republicans are forcing  upon us by tying Israeli security assistance to  [[Page H5302]]  unrelated policy debates. Yet to my dismay, but not surprise, my  colleagues across the aisle rejected my amendment, preventing it from  even being voted on on the floor today. When given the chance to fix  their mistake, Republicans rejected it, once more opting for political  gamesmanship.   Our sole Democratic ally in the Middle East deserves better. Don't  try to say you have Israel's best interest at heart if you are willing  to jeopardize Israel's security in this way. The Israeli people deserve  better.   ``Am Yisrael Chai,'' ``The people of Israel live.''   Mr. SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks  to the Chair.   