 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to  reduce Department of Homeland Security Secretary Mayorkas' salary to  $1.   Since President Biden has taken office, we have witnessed an  unprecedented invasion on our southern border, causing 6 million  migrants to flood across our border, and including the northern border.   The district that I represent in upstate and central New York  contains most of the New York border region. Secretary Mayorkas has  ended numerous successful border policies by the Trump administration,  including the remain in Mexico policy, building the border wall, and  ending the catch-and-release policy. As a result, all of our  communities have been transformed into border communities, including  New York.   Near my district in Erie County, two migrants were charged, one for  rape and one with a sexual assault. In nearby Rensselaer County, a  migrant has been charged with murder.   These migrants were not vetted, in spite of the false claims of  Governor Kathy Hochul, who claimed they were vetted. Over 100  individuals on the terror watch list have successfully crossed the  southern border, putting all of our communities at risk, including  those in New York.   Secretary Mayorkas is willfully derelict in his duties or is  completely incompetent. Either way, he should no longer be paid  hundreds of thousands of dollars a year for failing to perform the  basic obligations required under our Constitution to protect American  citizens and to provide effective border security and control of our  border.   I was honored to co-lead this amendment with my friend from Texas and  my colleague, Representative Chip Roy. I urge my colleagues to join us  in support of this amendment and to finally hold Secretary Mayorkas  accountable. I am hoping Mr. Roy will join me and speak on behalf of  this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I would say that just this past month we hit a record for  migrant crossings in American history of over 304,000. Despite repeated  pleas and actions by me and my colleagues on this side of the aisle,  Mayorkas refuses to change course and actually secure our border.   Secretary Mayorkas has completely failed to do his job and has  completely doubled down on his failed policies. While Congress  ultimately needs to impeach and remove Secretary Mayorkas, defunding  his salary is a great first start.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, the Holman rule still exists, and we are  exercising our right under the Holman rule.   Mr. Chair, may I inquire much time I have remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Roy).    Mr. Chair, may I inquire much time I have remaining.    Mr. Chairman, let me just be clear to everyone out there.  The Democrats in New York are against this policy put in place by Joe  Biden and Secretary Mayorkas. Even Mayor Adams of New York City has  blamed Joe Biden. Our current Governor Kathy Hochul has done a 180 and  now she blames Joe Biden. Even former Governor Cuomo is now blaming Joe  Biden for this migrant crisis in New York.   Mr. Chair, 82 percent of New Yorkers, in a recent poll, blame Joe  Biden and Secretary Mayorkas for this migrant crisis in New York, which  is having devastating consequences on our security, and is harming our  taxpayers.  [[Page H4676]]    Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to join Congressman Roy and I in  reducing Secretary Mayorkas' salary to $1. I yield back the balance of  my time.   