 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on H.R. 4366, and that I may include tabular  material on the same.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 4366, a bill that would  provide funding for military construction and the Department of  Veterans Affairs.   During the last Congress, $3 trillion was spent outside of the normal  appropriations process. As spending soared, so did inflation. There was  damage done to the economy, and the work of the Appropriations  Committee changed significantly over those 2 years. That is why,  earlier this year, I asked subcommittee chairs to evaluate all of the  funding in the pipeline.   When the President's budget finally arrived, I directed them to  review each agency budget line by line. I thank the subcommittee chairs  for their work to identify ways to save hard-earned tax dollars.   These savings have allowed us to reduce overall spending without  shortchanging--which is most important--national defense, homeland  security, and veterans.   The bill before us demonstrates our commitment to reduce overall  spending and still honor our commitment to our veterans. This bill  makes good on that promise by fully funding veterans healthcare. It  will ensure our veterans get the medical treatment and benefits they  deserve.   Specifically, the bill prioritizes our Nation's heroes by providing  critical funding for our military bases and facilities, improving the  quality of life of our servicemembers and their families, and ensuring  our veterans are appropriately honored in our cemeteries and battle  monuments. The bill also prohibits funding to be used for biased and  controversial programs.   Mr. Chair, I thank the Members and staff on both sides of the aisle  for their hard work. This is a strong bill, and I look forward to  supporting it.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Carter), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Military  Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies.   