 Mr. President, I rise today, on International Women's  Day, to urge my Republican colleagues to join us in protecting our  individual rights and freedoms and to support the Women's Health  Protection Act.   You have heard from a lot of us on the floor today, and we are going  to repeat certain things, but these are things that bear repeating  because this issue of abortion is all about who gets to decide. Is it  the individual or a bunch of politicians? You can see where I am coming  from. When the rightwing, ideologically driven Supreme Court overturned  nearly 50 years of precedent of abolishing an individual's right to get  an abortion, that was just the beginning. The Dobbs decision opened the  doors for extremist Republicans who have made clear they will stop at  nothing to control our bodies.   It hasn't even been a year since the Supreme Court upended our right  to bodily autonomy, and, already, abortion is entirely banned in 12  States, meaning more than 20 percent of the U.S. population lives in  States where abortion is illegal. There are 21 States that have enacted  36 bills to restrict or ban abortion; and in 12 States, constitutional  amendments have been proposed to limit abortion access. Just this week,  Florida Republicans filed a 6-week abortion ban--6 weeks--which is  before many women are even aware they are pregnant.   After the Dobbs decision, the Republicans claimed abortion would be  dealt with in the States as States' rights. This is what we in Hawaii  would call a shibai argument. Clearly, abortion has never been about  States' rights. So their unrelenting efforts to limit bodily autonomy  is about taking away the very individual rights and freedoms that  Republicans claim to care so much about.   Beyond State legislatures, Republicans in the Senate have introduced  a nationwide abortion ban. Any day now, we are waiting for one  extremist, Trump-appointed Federal judge in Texas to decide whether to  institute a nationwide ban on mifepristone, which is the safe and  effective medication that Americans have relied on for more than 20  years--for more than two decades--and that accounts for more than half  of the abortions in our country.   Regardless of this decision in Texas, after threats from GOP  Attorneys General from 20--20--conservative States, Walgreens stated  they would no longer dispense medication abortion pills in numerous  States, including in States where medical abortion remains legal,  although they now appear to be walking that back after provoking a  public outcry. What is next--banning contraception? There are even  Republican State lawmakers who are introducing bills to allow the death  penalty--the death penalty--for women who have abortions.   There is no end to what extremist Republicans will do to control our  bodies. Whether you live in States like Hawaii, California, or New  York, or in States where Republican legislatures have already passed  laws, our freedom is at risk. Our bodily autonomy is at risk. For  pregnant people across the country, that means their health, and even  their lives, are at stake.    Pregnancies carry many risks, and the United States already has the  highest maternal mortality rate of any developed country. It is  unbelievable that a country like the United States has the highest  maternal mortality rate in the world. These risks are even greater for  women of color, women with disabilities, and transgender and gender  nonconforming individuals. People will die without access to safe,  legal abortions. A recent study found, if Republicans institute a  nationwide abortion ban, maternal deaths will rise by 24 percent across  the country.   So, today, I urge my colleagues to stop pandering to the political  extremism in our country and join us in passing the Women's Health  Protection Act to codify the right to an abortion in Federal law and  protect all people across the country.   I yield the floor.   