 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in favor of my amendment No. 43,  which would prohibit HUD remote work agreements when the employee is  working within 50 miles of a HUD office.   Madam Chair, HUD's handbook defines remote work as an arrangement  where the employee is not required to report to an agency worksite on a  regular or recurring basis. It then defines two forms of remote work,  one being near HUD office, which is within 50 miles of a HUD office, to  work remotely.   As an example, it cites an employee who would normally be based in  HUD's Robert C. Weaver headquarters in Washington, D.C., who is allowed  to work from their home in Arlington, Virginia.   Now, Madam Chair, they are not even trying to hide it anymore. The  agencies are baking into their policies unseen benefits and perks for  bureaucrats who quite frankly aren't entitled to them and for which the  taxpaying public is paying, yet we are not receiving an adequate return  on our investment.   Thousands of congressional staffers commute to the Capitol building  every morning from the surrounding neighborhoods, whether they live in  Arlington, Alexandria, or cities in Maryland. Why can't the agency  employees do the same?   Pre-COVID, the oversight of Federal agencies was slim, as was the  accountability that the American people are entitled to. Today, it is  even harder to monitor the efficacy, the efficiency, and the legal  compliance of many agency employees because we don't even know where  they are. Are they at home doing laundry when they should be processing  applications? Are they picking their children up from school during  work hours? Are they taking a 2-hour lunch because there is no  oversight? We don't know.   I believe that if you are being paid by the American people, you  should work for the American people. My amendment is designed to bring  some semblance of accountability back to HUD.   Madam Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, HUD's remote work policy shows that its  employees are not showing up to work at the Robert C. Weaver building  but are instead spending their days in the homes, coffee shops, and  other locations across the greater D.C. area. My amendment addresses  that situation and requires the employees to show up at their job.   Bureaucracy already moves way too slowly, even when the employees are  working in the same building, down the hall from one another, and with  access to all of the work accoutrements that are necessary for them to  do their jobs.   HUD's policy means that today we are not even sure if they are  working in the same State. That is unacceptable.   The basic principles of oversight and accountability require that  employees go to work. Basic principles of avoiding further waste,  fraud, and abuse means not leaving Federal agency buildings barren.   COVID is over. It is time to return to work. The Republican majority  has made clear that we believe government employees should be working  at their places of employment. My amendment furthers that policy.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment No. 57  to H.R. 4820, which would prevent DOT from carrying out the National  Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Formula Program.   The Biden administration's stated goal for this latest government  boondoggle is to utilize taxpayer funding to strategically deploy  electric vehicle charging stations across America.   Not only is such an endeavor not the Federal Government's  responsibility, but this program also doesn't work, won't work, and  will end up wasting massive amounts of Federal money.  [[Page H5517]]    You need no further evidence than Secretary Granholm's recent  experience of trying to take an electric vehicle out for a spin, a trip  that ended in disaster and confirmed that EVs are overpriced,  unreliable, and infeasible without massive Federal subsidies.   Mr. Chairman, the Biden administration through this policy and others  that were buried in the so-called Infrastructure Investment and Jobs  Act is attempting to use taxpayer money to implement the Green New  Deal, a pie-in-the-sky idea that is not only destined to fail but will  waste massive amounts of money and further impoverish American  citizens.   The Biden administration is pursuing such boondoggles despite the  fact that we are already facing out-of-control inflation, increasing  energy costs, and bone-crushing grocery bills, all because of  Bidenomics, all because this administration is economically illiterate  and obsessed with furthering the agenda of the U.N. and the World  Economic Forum.   My fellow Wyoming citizens and Americans as a whole are more  concerned with the prospects of heating their homes, putting food on  the table, and taking care of their families.   Yet, what is the Biden administration focused on? Banning the  internal combustion engine and forcing everyone into electric vehicles  that won't work effectively in the vast majority of the country.   My amendment is designed to stop the Biden administration from  continuing its wasteful and profligate spending on projects that do not  provide a benefit to the American public.   Mr. Chair, I urge my fellow Members to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Rather than supporting our domestic energy production and investing  in much-needed roadway infrastructure projects, the Biden  administration has opted to continue skewing the definition of  infrastructure to pursue its electric vehicle and renewable energy  subsidy programs.   The Biden administration, in other words, continues to do the bidding  of the Chinese Communist Party and the richest among us who can afford  electric vehicles while leaving everyday Americans behind.   Let me be clear. This technology that DOT is pursuing and  implementing has a track record chock full of failure, particularly  within my State as the freezing temperatures wreak havoc on batteries  while also severely limiting the range of these vehicles.   We have story after story of electric vehicles being limited to less  than 100 miles in range as they are driven over our high mountain  passes in freezing temperatures.   This effort to force everyone into electric vehicles is not only  wrongheaded and not within the purview of DOT but downright dangerous.   It is also important to note that under this program, State  recipients are expected to construct vehicle charging stations within  50 miles of each other on major highways.   This requirement alone is not feasible when confronted with the  reality of Wyoming's vast rural terrain and wide-open spaces.   There are 80,000 vehicles a day that drive across I-80 in Wyoming. I- 80 is the most important commercial transportation link from the East  to the West Coast, and in Wyoming it varies in elevation from 4,000  feet to 8,000 feet. Electric passenger cars and electric 18-wheelers  are simply not feasible in Wyoming.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chair, let me be clear. This is yet another attempt  by the Biden administration to force us to transition to an electric  future, whatever that may mean.   It can only do so if it uses our money to artificially prop up the  electric vehicle industry that could otherwise never survive in a free  market system, at least not in its current space.   Mr. Chairman, it is past time for this administration to halt its  wasteful allocation of billions of hard-earned taxpayer money on the  infrastructure that is destined to fail.   Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in favor of my amendment No. 58,  which would prohibit the Department of Transportation from funding  remote work agreements.   The DOT defines its telework agreements where an employee performs  work away from the typical office location and is not expected to  report to the agency official work site on a frequent, regular, or  recurring basis.   Mr. Chairman, as I have stood in this Chamber and said before on  numerous occasions, it is time for our Federal Government employees to  return to work.   Under the panic related to COVID-19, we watched as our Federal agency  buildings occupancy dwindled to almost nothing. What was the  consequence? A substantial reduction in  [[Page H5518]]  the timely provision of Federal services to the citizens of this  country.   It should not come as a surprise to anyone that when our Federal  employees don't show up for work, the work of the Federal Government  doesn't get done.   Now, some may say that is okay, but what it means in practice is that  our tax refunds are not timely processed, our passport office  effectively shuts down, creating enormous backlogs for this important  service, and our veterans suffer.   I have now filed several of these let's make our government employees  return to work amendments to other appropriations bills. This is a  priority of the Republican Members of the 118th Congress and a priority  of mine.   I know how hard our miners, farmers, ranchers, waitresses, nurses,  construction contractors, home builders, grocery store clerks, and  others in the private sector work.   They didn't have the luxury of working from home, COVID or no COVID.  They have powered our economy over the last couple of years, and we owe  them a debt of gratitude. We also should have enough respect for them  to demand that the people who earn a paycheck because of their tax  dollars actually show up for work.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in pursuing the policy of requiring our  Federal employees to work in our Federal offices, I have always been  cognizant of the outlier situations whereby someone will need to work  remotely. I am not opposed to such flexibility, although that  flexibility has now become the rule.   I have left untouched the ad hoc telework programs for these various  agencies because we never know when an emergency or unexpected  situation will arise. Such an unexpected situation, however, should not  become the norm, and our employees should be required to report to  work.   We still have not yet assessed the damage the Federal Government's  remote work policy has had on constituent services, congressional  oversight, and Federal waste in terms of the unused office buildings  and agency officials unaccounted for because they are not being  monitored in their official work sites.   Even the GAO admits there is not enough information to assess the  long-term impacts of remote work policies, including whether it  promotes a productive work environment.   Mr. Chairman, the policy of this Republican majority has consistently  been that COVID is over and Federal workers must come to work, and this  amendment aims to deliver on that promise.   Unelected agency officials already believe they are unaccountable to  Congress and the American people. Remote work further undermines our  ability to oversee their activities and to promote providing the very  best services that the Federal Government can provide to our citizens.   Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   