 Madam Chair, yesterday President Biden announced  significant new funding for passenger rail projects across New Jersey  and the Northeast region, first and foremost for the Gateway Program  that is the Nation's most critical infrastructure project.   It is a critical win for New Jersey families, and it comes as a  result of funding through the bipartisan infrastructure law to get  these important projects completed.   By making this investment in Gateway, we will prevent a shutdown of  the Hudson River tunnel that could cost the United States economy $16  billion over 4 years and reduce property values by $22 billion in New  Jersey alone. In fact, every dollar we invest in Gateway will create  almost $4 of benefits for the residents of our region, whether through  lower travel costs, faster travel times, improved safety, or reduced  highway congestion.  [[Page H5504]]    Unfortunately, the Republican majority's appropriations bill is a  severe threat to the bipartisan work we have done to revitalize  America's infrastructure, especially for passenger rail. The bill guts  the main funding source for rail projects--the Capital Investment  Grants program--by 85 percent and cuts Amtrak's Northeast Corridor  funding by 92 percent. Not only that, but Republican amendments now  propose cutting all Capital Investment Grants and Amtrak National  Network funding.   These provisions are unacceptable and completely out of touch with  the needs of the American people. They put all of our work on Gateway  at risk and could eliminate over $19 billion in economic activity for  New Jerseyans and cost tens of thousands of good-paying jobs.   House Republicans' extreme agenda will make it harder for families to  get to work or to their kids' soccer games. It will increase their  travel costs and will worsen pollution and congestion in New Jersey.   Last Congress, I was proud to work across the aisle to enact historic  legislation to revitalize rail in the Northeast region and more broadly  to invest in New Jersey's infrastructure. Today, I urge my colleagues  to not forsake all that work and to instead reach across the aisle and  finish Gateway, strengthen Amtrak and the Northeast Corridor, and  improve travel access and reliability for all of our constituents.   