 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support our bill, H.R. 4502,  the Modernizing the Acquisition of Cybersecurity Experts Act. I say  ``our bill,'' because my colleague Katie Porter from California and I  joined forces.   I don't have a problem with anyone working and reaching across the  aisle. No one wants to shut down the Federal Government. We are not on  a crusade to do that. I just want Congress to follow the law.   There was a law created in 1974, the Budget Impact and Impoundment  Control Act, that requires Congress to have a budget in 12 separate  spending bills. Both sides do it. Both sides are a failure to the  American people because we don't follow the law. We can't expect our  fellow Americans to follow the law when we ourselves are unwilling to  do the work.   Chuck Schumer has 70 percent of Federal Government spending in his  in-box right now. No one wants to do that. I don't oppose us working  across the aisle for government spending or any of that. There is no  crusade to shut down the Federal Government. I just want Congress to do  its job and follow the law.   On to the rest of it. This bill solves a simple problem. You can't  deem one applicant more qualified for a Federal cybersecurity job  solely because he or she has a degree in underwater basket weaving.   I remember the first time I learned to code my first programming  language. I was actually in college, but college didn't teach me to  code. I taught myself to code. There are a lot of kids and students and  adults out there that are teaching themselves to code and finding great  jobs. When I was a coder, my first job, I got paid $35,000 a year.  Because of the demands of these jobs today, it is a much better era for  programmers and engineers.   I have a family member today who never set foot in college. He  recently turned 22. He owns his own home, and he makes significantly  more money than we do as Members of Congress.   Despite the shortage of over 700,000 cybersecurity professionals in  the public and private sector, people who don't attend or finish  college are often barred from consideration for jobs in the field when  they shouldn't be. There are many, many brilliant programmers and  computer whizzes out there. There are some that drop out of Harvard  after a year or two, like Bill Gates. There are many others who have  gone on to have outstanding careers in IT, technology, cybersecurity,  et cetera, and they don't have a college degree.   While the cyber workforce is crucial to our national security, it is  graying rapidly. According to a report issued last year, there are five  times as many cybersecurity workers over the age of 55 as there are  under 30. Only 1 in 16 Federal cybersecurity workers is actually under  the age of 30.    This bill would prohibit mandatory degree requirements for Federal  cybersecurity jobs unless they are legally required to perform the  duties of the position, which is rarely the case.   Currently, even entry-level positions in the Federal Government  require a 4-year degree. Federal cybersecurity professionals help  secure the information of millions of Americans from cybercriminals and  hackers sponsored by enemy nation-states. Some of these young people  literally have the skills to hack these critical systems, but they  can't get their foot in the door for employment at the same agency. We  are missing out on a tremendous amount of talent.   Over the past few years, we have seen leaders from both parties at  all levels  [[Page H4946]]  of government rolling back degree requirements resulting in greater  economic opportunity for every American, no matter their ZIP Code.   Many large companies have done away with unnecessary degree  requirements. If the government was run like a business, I think we  would be much better off.   This bipartisan bill codifies--I hope no one's head explodes today--a  Trump-era executive order maintained by the Biden administration. I can  think of nothing more bipartisan than this.   Lastly, I thank my colleague Katie Porter from California for her  work on this valuable piece of legislation.   