 Madam Chair, this is another amendment that is  fearmongering about China when Republicans are continuing to actually  undermine our national security by restricting and banning abortion.   Our servicemembers volunteered to serve in our armed services. They  didn't volunteer to give up their reproductive rights.   I am thankful that DOD has taken steps to support servicemembers and  their dependents' reproductive freedom by covering the travel and  transportation costs for abortion and fertility care in the post-Roe  era.   Let's be clear: DOD's travel policy is consistent with the law. We  shouldn't reverse this progress and take away our servicemembers'  freedom when they have already sacrificed so much for us.   In the 1 year since the Supreme Court struck down the constitutional  right to an abortion, 20 States have restricted or banned abortion.  This decision has disproportionately burdened our military families,  who don't often choose where they are stationed. They can't freely take  off days from work. Many can't afford to travel thousands of miles and  pay out of pocket to receive the care they need and deserve, all  because of the current statutory ban on DOD providing abortion  services, which I strongly oppose.   That is why DOD's travel policy has been so important. As one of the  few women of reproductive age in Congress, I know how important access  to abortion and fertility care is to our health, freedom, economic  security, and empowerment.   Taking away these fundamental rights doesn't just hurt these  individuals. It hurts our military readiness, recruitment and  retention, and morale, putting our national security in jeopardy.   With many people having zero access to abortion services where they  are stationed, our military's ability to adapt to evolving conflicts  and challenges has been very compromised.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.   The ACTING Chair. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5  minutes.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment.  Trans servicemembers have served and served successfully for years.   In fact, trans people are even more likely to serve in the U.S.  military than cisgender people, so it is mind-boggling that we would  want to deter and discriminate against a group of people who have  proven their patriotism and deep commitment to our country.   All of us are well aware that we are facing steep military  recruitment and retention challenges. This amendment will worsen this  crisis by pushing transgender servicemembers out of the military. That  is because gender-affirming care is necessary and medically backed.   Care that gives you the ability to be your true, authentic self is  primary care, and it is not something that should be easily dismissed.   If our servicemembers constantly worry about their right to exist,  their ability to serve our country is jeopardized, and it harms our  readiness and ability to respond quickly and effectively to national  security challenges.   I am not alone on this. Secretary Austin agrees that allowing people  to serve as their authentic self is the right and the smart thing to do  for our military operations.   That is why I urge my colleagues to do the right thing for our values  and our readiness and oppose this harmful amendment.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Smith), the distinguished ranking member of the Armed  Services Committee.    Madam Chair, may I inquire as to how much time is  remaining.   The ACTING Chair. The gentlewoman from California has 2\3/4\ minutes  remaining.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I thank Ranking Member Smith for his comments, and I will emphasize  that transgender people are people.   They are much more than statistics. They are people serving our  country. They are people who care and are patriotic.   They are more likely to harm themselves and suffer from mental health  challenges due to the harmful rhetoric they hear from elected officials  denying their right to exist.   My youngest sibling, my brother, is trans, and he is one of the most  responsible people I know. I would be thrilled if he wanted to serve  our country, and you should be, too.   Madam Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to my colleague from Texas (Ms.  Jackson Lee).    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to my colleague--   The ACTING Chair. The gentlewoman from California has 45 seconds  remaining.    Madam Chair, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Courtney).    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, let's be clear: Every major medical  association in the United States, every single major medical  association in the United States representing more than 1.3 million  United States doctors, has affirmed that gender-affirming care is safe  and effective.   Healthcare decisions for children should be between the patient, the  parents, and the healthcare provider, not the government, not some  politician who has no idea what he is talking about. I wonder what you  would do if your kid came to you, sure that they were in the wrong  body.   Madam Chair, I have talked to parents. Many of them didn't think they  believed in trans issues either. But it should be between a parent,  their child, and their doctor what healthcare decisions get made.   By denying servicemembers the ability to provide medically necessary  care for their children, including by relocating, this amendment will  likely lead to servicemembers leaving the military and will weaken  efforts to recruit other people who do or may have transgender family  members.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this horrible amendment.    Mr. Chair, cluster munitions maim and kill  indiscriminately, and they often fail to explode on impact, leaving  communities littered with dangerous, unexploded land mines for years if  not decades. Cleaning them up is expensive, dangerous, and takes a long  time.   Despite claims about the dud rates, we know that when actually used  in war, these weapons are unpredictable and kill more civilians than  anticipated. That is why I am opposed to sending cluster munitions to  Ukraine.   Unlike some of my Republican colleagues, I am a strong supporter of  Ukraine. My bipartisan amendment would have banned the transfer of all  cluster munitions to any country, and my amendment would have garnered  strong support across both parties.   It is clear that this amendment is not about cluster munitions at  all. It is about opposing any support to Ukraine.   We shouldn't be transferring cluster munitions at all, and the U.S.  should join 123 other countries in banning this weapon once and for all  and protecting the children who are maimed and killed by these horrific  weapons.   