 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1734, the  TRANQ Research Act. I also thank my colleagues, Congressman  Mike  Collins, Chairman Frank Lucas, and Ranking Member Zoe Lofgren for  working with me to run this bipartisan legislation. I also thank  Senators Peter Welch and Ted Cruz for moving this bill through the  Senate.   As a doctor, I have seen firsthand the horrific impact the drug  crisis has had on families in my community and across the country. Last  year alone, more than 107,000 Americans lost their lives to drug  overdoses, due in large part to the crisis.   Fentanyl is a drug with very high potency that is relatively easy to  manufacture, and criminals making fentanyl can add different chemicals  to change its molecular structure, creating a variant that is novel and  difficult to detect.   Just in the past year, we have seen a dramatic increase in criminals  mixing a common animal tranquilizer called xylazine with fentanyl. If  injected, this combination can have horrible side effects, including  large wounds at the injection site that have led to limb amputations.   Horrifyingly, tranq is already spreading across the country. Having  seen the disastrous effect fentanyl has had on Colorado, I am proud to  lead the charge to act against xylazine now to protect our families.   One of the major challenges we face to combat drugs like fentanyl and  xylazine is detecting them. These drug mixtures usually contain a very  small amount of the drug, and traditional laboratory methods are not  designed to detect or identify new drug variants.   The TRANQ Research Act addresses this challenge by leveraging our  Nation's scientific capabilities to allow our first responders to be  able to detect, identify, and better understand novel opioids and other  substances. Additionally, thanks to our partners in the Senate, the  bill will also help Congress conduct oversight over Federal programs to  respond to threats from new psychoactive substances like xylazine.   We know combating the drug crisis will take bipartisan action. I look  forward to continuing to work with Congressman Collins and my  colleagues to get this bill signed by the President and to keep pushing  for commonsense solutions that both parties can agree on to keep  American families safe. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   