 Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Waters for  yielding.   I rise today in strong opposition to this resolution. As one of the  central architects of section 1071, I understand better than most what  this provision does and doesn't do.   During my time as ranking member of the Small Business Committee and  as a senior member of the Financial Services Committee, I have seen  women- and minority-owned small businesses struggle to access capital  due to the lack of data and transparency related to small business  lending.   The scant data that does exist continues to show these businesses  lack the same access to financing compared to White-owned firms.   Section 1071 attempts to remedy this by requiring financial  institutions to collect and report on the demographics of small  business owners applying for financing.   Doing so facilitates the enforcement of fair lending laws and  identifies businesses and community development needs.   Supporters of this resolution claim it will excessively burden  smaller institutions. However, CFPB Director Chopra recently testified  that approximately 2,000 banks will be exempted from the rule's  reporting requirements.    Others claim the rule is too intrusive. Yet, safeguards like  voluntary reporting--and you are going to hear time and again that this  is a mandate even when I took the text in the manual and read it to the  Members. It is voluntary. It is not a mandate. Unique identifiers are  included in the rule. Without this information, discriminatory lending  will continue.   When crafting this rule, the CFPB conducted considerable outreach to  small firms and considered thousands of public comments from  entrepreneurs.   During a recent Small Business Committee hearing, we received  testimony that this rule will help the market better address both the  lack of access to affordable capital and the rise of irresponsible  lending.    Madam Speaker, I will not yield.   It will allow lenders to help tailor their products and services to  meet their borrower's needs and spur additional investment in small  businesses without creating another government program.   If you are for smaller government spending, look right here. Let's  remedy this situation where we have empirical data that minority women,  small businesses, female-owned businesses, and rural businesses do not  have the same access to affordable capital.   It has been 13 long years. We cannot reverse course now. To do so  would be an insult to the minority-owned businesses that are counting  on our support.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this  resolution.   