 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to reiterate my strong  support for Dilawar Syed to serve as Deputy Administrator of the U.S.  Small Business Administration.   Mr. Syed is highly qualified and widely supported as a nominee who  has the backing of numerous business groups and organizations. In many  ways, he is the picture of the American dream. He is a business owner,  entrepreneur, and job creator who was born in Pakistan and educated in  the United States. Over the course of his career, Mr. Syed has founded  and run several companies in the tech and healthcare sectors.   He also has firsthand experience dealing with challenges small  businesses faced during this pandemic. During the COVID-19 crisis, Mr.  Syed chaired a task force to help other businesses in the State of  California survive and rebuild from the pandemic. His experience in and  commitment to the small business sector are clear. That is why over the  past 2 years my Democratic colleagues and I have made a concerted  effort to get Mr. Syed confirmed.   As Deputy Administrator, he would largely be responsible for running  the day-to-day operations of the SBA. Working with Administrator  Guzman, he will play a critical role in ensuring that small businesses  across our country have the support they need to continue growing.   This work is vital to Hawaii's economy. More than 99 percent of the  businesses in our State are small businesses, and nearly half of all  employees in Hawaii work for a small business. A strong, fully staffed  Small Business Administration is essential for these small businesses  in my home State and millions more across the country.   Despite his stellar qualifications and the importance of the SBA, for  nearly 2 years my Republican colleagues have blocked Mr. Syed's  nomination to serve in this important role. I sit on the Small Business  Committee, and we have had numerous times where we would call a markup  in order to enable a vote on Mr. Syed's nomination, and the Republicans  would simply not bother to show up. They just wouldn't even bother to  show up.   My Republican colleagues have at different points wrongly accused Mr.  Syed of being anti-Israel. They have chastised him for utilizing legal  SBA pandemic relief loans and raised other baseless objections to his  nomination. One wonders why the Republicans so eagerly raise objections  to nominees like Mr. Syed who are obviously qualified for their  nominated positions. But despite their baseless bluster, the facts are  clear: Mr. Syed is well qualified to serve as Deputy Administrator of  the Small Business Administration, and his confirmation will make our  economy and our country stronger.   While it never should have taken this long--2 years--I am glad that  tomorrow this body will vote on Mr. Syed's nomination to serve as  Deputy Administrator. As I said, it has taken far too long to have  someone as qualified and as committed--to have his vote occur.   I look forward to voting to confirm Mr. Syed and to working with him  to strengthen small businesses in every corner of our country.   I yield the floor.   