 Mr. Speaker, St. Louis and I rise today for the equal  rights amendment.   We rise on this historic occasion, on the eve of the birth of the  Congressional Caucus for the Equal Rights Amendment, a caucus I am  proud to be founding tomorrow alongside my co-chair-in-service, my  sister-in-service, Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley.   We rise in the tradition of those who led this fight before us, those  whose shoulders we now stand upon: shoulders like Pauli Murray, Shirley  Chisholm, and Barbara Jordan.   On this ERA caucus eve, as we near the close of Women's History  Month, it is only fitting that we are here on the floor of this U.S.  House of Representatives with our Congressional Black Caucus  colleagues, because Black women have always been leaders of the fight  to enshrine equality in our Nation's Constitution, but we haven't  always been in the headlines for leading that work. Today, we are here  to declare that the reason the ERA is a priority for the CBC is because  everyone in our communities has something to gain from its  finalization. Black women, girls, and queer folk have the most to gain.  We are here continuing to lead, demanding exactly what is owed to us:  equality.   Because, you see, the Constitution, in all its wisdom, guaranteed  fundamental inalienable rights, but stopped short of guaranteeing those  rights for everyone. Women? We were written out. Black women? Not only  were we written out, but too many authors of the Constitution were busy  enslaving, exploiting, and extracting the labor of our ancestors for  profit and were unconcerned with what was owed to us: equal rights,  nothing less.   We need to start by being honest about who is harmed the most when  equal rights are not enshrined in our Constitution. We know that  without the ERA, the patchwork legislation that we have in place to  protect women--including provisions of the Equal Pay Act, the 1964  Civil Rights Act, Title IX, and the Violence Against Women Act--has  primarily benefited and made gains for White women. Now is the time to  build on those gains and expand protections for all women and LGBTQ+  folks, all of us, too.   This is our moment. One hundred years since the ERA was introduced in  this body, 100 years. This is our moment to finalize the ERA so that we  modernize the Constitution and make sure the fight for equality not  only includes but centers the people who have been left behind, because  we were written out of this document.   One hundred years, and all we are asking for is 24 words. In 24  words, 24 simple words, the equal rights amendment will add to our  Constitution that: ``Equality of rights under the law shall not be  denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of  sex.''   That is it. In other words, this amendment would make the ``we'' in  the ``we the people'' become ``us,'' all of us. In doing so, the ERA  can protect people from gender-based discrimination by simultaneously  acting as a vehicle for progress.   We see it here. This is just a portion. It can work to ensure  permanent protections, like fair wages, like violence prevention, like  healthcare equity, like reproductive freedom, like LGBTQ+ rights, and  like much else we not only deserve but are entitled to and are owed.  Equality and nothing less. That is what we are asking for.   But we need the ERA, and we need it now, because equality is overdue.  Equality is overdue.   I rise in support of the equal rights amendment today, on the  shoulders of the scores of Black women and LGBTQ+ people who have  toiled on this initiative for 100 whole years, to amplify their calls,  calls they made in this very Chamber and outside of it, calls that  resonate today even as the attacks against us intensify, calls to  publish the ERA now. Publish the ERA now. Publish the equal rights  amendment now, because equality is overdue.   