 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 223, introduced  earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration and  the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 11.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 22, submitted earlier  today.  [[Page S193]]     I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I understand there are two bills at  the desk, and I ask for their first reading en bloc.    Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and  object to my own request en bloc.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when  the Senate completes its business today, it stand adjourned until 10  a.m., Thursday, February 2; that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following the  conclusion of morning business, the Senate proceed to executive session  to consider the Falk nomination and at 1:45 p.m., the Senate vote on  confirmation of the Falk nomination; finally, that if confirmed, the  motions to reconsider with respect to the Falk and Zakheim nominations  be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to  come before the Senate, I ask that it stand adjourned under the  previous order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:59 p.m., adjourned until  Thursday, February 2, 2023, at 10 a.m.   