 Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the Education and the Workforce  Committee passed H.J. Res. 45, a Congressional Review Act resolution to  overturn Biden's student loan bailout.   I thank Representative  Bob Good for sponsoring this crucial  resolution.   If passed through both Chambers, the joint resolution being debated  today would nullify President Biden's radical plan to cancel up to  $20,000 in student debt by executive fiat. For 2 years, President Biden  has attempted to push a free college agenda through radical regulations  including income-driven repayment, executive actions like blanket  cancellation, and his permanent pause on repayment.   Student loan forgiveness is nothing more than a transfer of wealth  from those who willingly took on debt to those who did not or had the  grit to pay off their loans.   Just 13 percent of Americans hold student loan debt, and over one- half is held by graduate students. In other words, President Biden is  forcing the very people Democrats claim to care about--low-income  families, disadvantaged populations, and blue-collar workers who never  stepped foot on a college campus--to pay someone else's tuition bill.   How much would it cost the American taxpayer?   President Biden's student loan bailout alone will cost taxpayers an  estimated $315 billion according to the Congressional Budget Office.   Coupled with his reckless income-driven repayment plan and other  expansive regulations, his student loan scams could cost as much as $1  trillion. In fact, at a cost exceeding $3,500 per taxpayer, the  President's income-driven repayment plan and mass cancellation  represent the most expensive executive actions in American history,  period.   These illegal actions also come at a time of rip-roaring inflation as  Democrats' reckless spending sprees push our economy to the precipice  of recession. The President's debt transfer plan alone could increase  inflation by as much as 27 basis points, making it even harder for  families to put food on the table and gas in their car. With our  national debt quickly approaching $32 trillion, a bailout for graduate  students and high-income households is the last thing we need on  our Nation's credit card.    Our economy is a debt-fueled balloon waiting to pop, and this plan  could be the proverbial needle. With all this spending, one would, at  the very least, expect the broken student loan program to be repaired.  Yet, even if the President is able to move forward with his debt  transfer plan, we will be right back to $1.6 trillion in outstanding  debt in less than 6 years.   Why?   Because colleges will increase their tuition and force students to  borrow even more because they know taxpayers will foot the bill.   The problems that plague postsecondary education cannot be solved by  one-time debt jubilees. Solutions require hard work.   Specifically, it means addressing the lack of accountability for the  hundreds of billions of dollars that flow to colleges and universities  that charge far too much for degrees with little or no financial value  and reforming our student loan program which Democrats are dead set on  running into the ground.   