 Mr. President, on Friday, we experienced the second  largest bank failure in our Nation's history. And make no mistake, this  failure was the direct result of leaders in Washington weakening  financial rules.   In the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, Congress passed the  Dodd-Frank Act to protect consumers and to ensure that big banks could  never again take down the economy and destroy millions of lives.   Since then, Wall Street executives who hated the whole idea of the  bill spent millions to keep it from becoming law and, after it passed,  spent millions more to try to weaken it.   In 2018, the big banks won. With support from both parties, President  Trump signed into law a law to roll back critical parts of Dodd-Frank.  Now, I fought against these changes. On the eve of the Senate vote in  2018, I warned from right here on the Senate floor that ``Washington is  about to make it easier for the banks to run up risk, make it easier to  put our constituents at risk, make it easier to put American families  in danger, just so that the C.E.O.s of these banks can get a new  corporate jet and add another floor to their new corporate  headquarters.''   I wish I had been wrong, but last week, the FDIC was forced to rush  in to take over two failing banks--Silicon Valley Bank and Signature  Bank--and then take extraordinary actions to protect those banks'  customers and prevent the contagion from spreading throughout the  economy.   Both SVB and Signature Bank suffered from a toxic mix of poor risk  management and weak supervision. If Congress and the Federal Reserve  had not rolled back key provisions of Dodd-Frank, these banks would  have been subject to stronger liquidity and capital requirements to  help withstand financial shocks. They would have been required to  conduct regular stress tests to expose their vulnerabilities and shore  up their businesses. They would have had a more aggressive regulator  standing at their shoulder, looking more closely at every part of the  banks' business. But because those stringent requirements were taken  out of Dodd-Frank, when an old-fashioned bank run hit SVB, the bank  could not withstand the pressure.   Shortly after that, Signature Bank collapsed, and to fight back the  risk of contagion and to protect the banking system, the Federal  Government once again was called on to take extraordinary measures--the  kind of measures that Dodd-Frank was originally supposed to protect us  against.   These threats should never have been allowed to materialize, and now,  we must prevent them from occurring  [[Page S765]]  again by reversing the dangerous bank deregulation of the Trump era.   On Monday, President Biden called on Congress and regulators to  reverse the Trump-era deregulation and ``strengthen the rules on banks  to make it less likely that this kind of bank failure will happen  again.'' The President is right, and that is why today, on the 5-year  anniversary of having weakened Dodd-Frank, I am introducing  legislation, along with 15 of my colleagues--including the Presiding  Officer, including my colleague from Vermont--to reverse the mistakes  that Congress and President Trump made 5 years ago when they rolled  back a portion of Dodd-Frank.   This is what my legislation does:   First, it repeals section 401 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory  Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. This will restore strong Fed  oversight of some of the Nation's largest banks, which together hold  trillions of dollars in assets. Stronger oversight will help protect  our economy from heightened risk. It is absolutely essential that we  demand stronger, not weaker, oversight of these multibillion-dollar  banks.   Second, my bill repeals section 402 of the 2018 law. That section  slashed the capital requirements for large, systemically significant  custody banks. Big banks cannot be trusted with lower capital  requirements that degrade their ability to withstand financial shock.   Finally, my bill repeals section 403, which made it easier for giant  banks--those much larger than SVB--to weaken liquidity requirements by  adding municipal debt to the definition of ``high-quality liquid  assets,'' particularly because such debt is actually not very liquid at  all.   Now, there are a lot more changes we need to make to our banking  laws. There are many other provisions in the 2018 law that I oppose.  But today I remain focused on exactly the weakened rules that permitted  banks like SVB and Signature to load up on risks, run up their profits,  pay their executives giant bonuses, and eventually blow the banks to  pieces.   I recognize legislation won't fix everything. For 5 years, Jay Powell  has overseen a deregulatory effort at the Federal Reserve Bank for  banks like SVB. In 2021, I asked him if he could name a single--a  single--regulation on banks that he thought should actually be  strengthened instead of weakened, and he could not.   Preventing further crises will require a complete 180-degree  turnaround from the Fed starting immediately. This bill will address  the immediate issue in front of us--an explosion of risk in large  financial institutions like SVB that have been inadequately supervised  and regulated for the last 4 years--and it will show Americans across  the country, in the wake of this disaster, that Congress is capable of  acting quickly and decisively to make sure that a serious problem  doesn't get worse--a lot worse.   The bank failures our Nation experienced this weekend were entirely  avoidable if Congress and the Fed had done their jobs and kept strong  oversight of big banks in place. Now, we must act quickly to prevent  the next crisis by repealing the dangerous Trump-era provisions that  made banks weaker.   I yield the floor.   