 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 771, the  bipartisan resolution condemning the heinous October 7 terrorist  attacks by Hamas that have resulted in the senseless deaths of  Israelis, Palestinians, and more than 30 American citizens. Hundreds  remain missing and many are held hostage--including women, children,  and even infants.   Savage attacks killing innocent civilians are never justified, and  the Hamas attacks of October 7 were perpetrated against Israeli  communities for the goal of annihilation. These crimes cross a red line  and must be unequivocally condemned as they are clear violations of  international human rights law.   Israel has a right to defend its citizens from this Hamas terrorism.  But Israel's response must be proportional and consider the innocent  Palestinian lives at stake in Gaza. In the past two weeks, we have seen  an escalating wave of violence across the region. It is clear that a  broader conflict must be prevented. That is why I have publicly called  on President Biden to work with all involved parties on negotiating an  immediate regional ceasefire to avoid the loss of more innocent lives.  A one-sided ceasefire is not sustainable and will fail. It must include  Israel, Hamas, Hezbollah, Islamic Jihad, and other parties, with the  support of the international community.   The international community must also continue working together to  facilitate critical humanitarian aid to Gaza--the population of which  is nearly half children--so Palestinians have access to food, water,  medicine, and fuel.   I also recognize that this violence is not just a far-away matter; it  is hitting close to home. Many families here in the United States and  overseas are living in unimaginable fear while mourning those they have  lost. I am hearing from many Jewish constituents and community leaders  who are in pain and who have loved ones among the injured, killed, or  missing. I commend the U.S. State Department for their work bringing  Americans home from Israel, but more work needs to be done--there are  American citizens in Gaza who seek to come home and have been prevented  from doing so.   I am deeply saddened and outraged about the brutal murder of an  innocent six-year-old boy in Illinois, because he happened to be  Palestinian-American. The violent, hate-filled targeting of Wadea AI- Fayoume or anyone else based on ethnicity or religious affiliation is  unconscionable and should be condemned by everyone. Hate has no place  in America, and Antisemitism and lslamophobia must not be tolerated.   It is my hope for the future that every Israeli child and every  Palestinian child to be tucked into bed at night by their parents  without fear of bombings and perpetual violence. All people deserve  safety and security, and the only sustainable path forward is one where  international human rights and international law are at the forefront  and democratic ideals are upheld.   