 Mr. Speaker pro tempore, 212, it is a New  York area code, and it is our call for a Speaker of integrity,  intelligence, and inclusion; 212 is our call for a Speaker who will  protect our children, our veterans, our planet; 212 is our call for a  Speaker who will grow the middle class, lower costs, create good-paying  jobs, and make healthcare affordable; 212 is our call for a Speaker who  will secure liberty, justice, and opportunity for everyone.   Well, the unanimous call of 212 House Democrats has been answered by  our nominee for Speaker, the gentleman from Brooklyn, the leader of our  House Democratic Caucus, the Honorable Hakeem Jeffries.   Leader Jeffries has answered our call, but the majority's nominee is  disconnected. He is disconnected from the American people and their  values. MAGA extremism is designed to divide, and it has broken the  Republican Party. Their nominee's vision is a direct attack on the  freedom and the rights of the American people, and he has got the  record to prove it.   The Republican nominee has voted against healthcare for children, for  veterans, even for 9/11 survivors. He has opposed lowering the cost of  insulin repeatedly. He wants to cut Social Security and Medicare. Don't  take it from me, it was raised on the other side of the aisle just this  week as a selling point to make him Speaker.   Over his 16 years in the House, the Republican nominee has never  supported a farm bill. What does that mean?   It means he has turned his back on farmers, on rural communities, and  the 11 million children who go to bed hungry in this country.   The Republican nominee wants a national abortion ban with no  exceptions for rape, incest, or the health of a mother. We want to make  our own healthcare decisions in consultation with our families, our  doctors, and our faith--not with   Jim Jordan.   The Republican nominee plotted to overturn the 2020 election,  traffics in misinformation, and is a true threat to our democracy and  our Constitution.   I have had the privilege of working here in the people's House for  almost 10 years. I have gotten to know many of my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle, and I know that they hear the same thing that  I do, which is that the American people expect us to work together on  their behalf.   Well, it is not too late for the majority to choose a bipartisan path  forward to reopen the House. Take ``yes'' for an answer.   Every day the majority chooses to engage in a Republican civil war  that is threatening their own members instead of engaging with us in  the work of the American people, is a day that weakens this institution  and the standing of our country.   We need a Speaker who will govern through consensus, not conflict. We  need a Speaker worthy of wielding that gavel. We need a leader who will  defend democracy, not degrade it. More than ever, we need proven,  patriotic, people-first leadership.   Mr. Speaker pro tempore, I am proud to nominate Hakeem Jeffries as  Speaker of the House.   