 Mr. Speaker, I thank my wonderful colleagues in the  Congressional Black Caucus for organizing this session tonight.   I join them today in recognizing the significant contributions of  Black women to the advancement of the equal rights amendment.   Of the more than 12,000 Americans who have served in Congress, only  58 have been Black women. Remarkably, despite our historic and  continuous small number among the Members of the House, Black women  have often been the driving force behind significant policy shifts that  have paved the way for change.   Among those achievements are landmark bills like the equal rights  amendment, championed by Black women since its inception. A hero of  many Americans inside and outside Capitol Grounds, Congresswoman  Shirley Chisholm was a relentless advocate for equal rights in America.  Nicknamed ``Fighting Shirley,'' she stood on this very floor in her  first term and decreed that the ERA was destined to become the law of  the land. Today, we honor her legacy by advocating for the long-overdue  ratification of the ERA.   Congresswoman Chisholm did not stand alone in her fight for equal  rights. From educator and activist Mary Church Terrell in the late 19th  and early 20th centuries to Congresswoman Barbara Jordan in the 1970s,  Black advocates for women's suffrage helped drive the ERA forward.   In recent years, we have seen leaders fight for State ratification of  the ERA, including our newest colleague, Congresswoman Jennifer  McClellan, who along with two Black female colleagues--State  Representative Jennifer Carroll Foy and fellow State Senator Mamie  Locke--led the final charge that resulted in Virginia being the 38th  State to ratify the amendment in 2020.   That legacy lives on, as my colleagues in the 118th Congress maintain  and build on the work of our predecessors. With Representative  Pressley's efforts to remove the constitutional deadline for  ratification and Representative Bush's leadership of the first-ever  Congressional ERA Caucus, we are closer to ratification than ever  before.   I stand in awe of the power, strength, and contributions of these  trailblazers and icons, both past and present.   As we continue the fight today, it is an honor to walk alongside my  Democratic Women's Caucus colleagues to enshrine the ERA in the  Constitution, continuing the legacy work started by the Black women who  came before me.   Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm envisioned the ERA as the law of the  land  [[Page H1462]]  in 1969. She once said she wanted to be remembered as a woman who dared  to be a catalyst of change, and she will always be known as just that.   Like our ancestors Terrell, Chisholm, Jordan, and more, Black women  will continue to help lead the charge, but we cannot do it alone.   To my colleagues who have yet to join us in championing equal rights,  I say to you: Dare to become a catalyst of change with us.   