 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to protect public safety and  honor the original intent of this bill through a simple, commonsense  amendment.   Many of us on both sides of the aisle agree with the goal of H.R.  3091, to allow Federal law enforcement officers to buy retired  handguns, many of which are already required to be destroyed.   However, an oversight could enable domestic abusers, including those  subject to restraining orders, to get firearms, which we all know can  have deadly consequences.   Police officers are human. They aren't immune from mental illness,  domestic and family conflict, and other stressors that can lead to  tragedies. We can and should have guardrails to prevent those  tragedies.   That is why my amendment simply ensures that each Federal law  enforcement agency has procedures for determining whether an officer is  in good standing to buy a firearm. Agencies would have the flexibility  to tailor those determinations based on the qualifications of each  agency, but these guidelines should be clear and concise.   Existing Federal law already carves out special treatment for law  enforcement officers by allowing them to have a gun even if they have a  domestic violence restraining order. That is dangerous.   All gun owners should meet the same standard, and law enforcement  agencies shouldn't consider an officer who is perpetrating violence  against a family or household member to be in good standing and able to  buy a handgun.   While I am thankful that the Committee on Rules supported my  amendment, I am disappointed that they rejected my other amendment and  several of my colleagues' amendments to provide additional guardrails  for this buyback program.   With this amendment, we have an opportunity to improve this  legislation. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to save  lives, protect public safety, and honor those who put their lives on  the line for our communities.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I will just note that there is a loophole  where law enforcement officers can keep a gun even when they have a  domestic violence restraining order.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Nadler).    Mr. Chair, I would just like to add that by requiring  agencies to have procedures to determine whether an officer is in good  standing, this amendment would ensure that officers are treated fairly  and only denied the purchase of their handgun for good and objective  reasons.   By establishing a deadline for Federal law enforcement agencies to  establish these procedures, this amendment will ensure that an agency  is not caught off guard when an officer who may have issues related to  performance or behavior requests to purchase a weapon.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   