 Mr. President, there are over 578,000 Nevadans  across my State enrolled in Medicare, and their hard-earned Medicare  benefits provide coverage for their healthcare expenses.   The problem is, when I travel around my State and I speak to  Senators, the No. 1 thing that I hear about is how difficult it is to  afford the prescription drugs that they need. Let me give you an  example.   Sue Bird and her husband Tom, they live in rural Nevada in Fernley,  NV. Tom has diabetes; and even though they are both on Medicare,  covering all their healthcare expenses costs them nearly $1,000 a  month. That can be a crushing amount for two retirees on a fixed  income.   The stress of Tom's diabetes alone affects his blood sugar, but add  in the worry over the price of their medication, their dental and  vision and other healthcare costs, and it becomes almost too much to  handle for them.   So why are Tom and Sue's medications so expensive? I will tell you  why, and you have heard it from my colleagues over and over this  afternoon: Because, year after year, Big Pharma has decided that they  need to jack up prescription drug prices. All the while, their  executives are raking in millions of dollars in profits.   These pharmaceutical companies are driving higher prices. They are  forcing millions of older Americans to pay more in premiums and out-of- pocket costs.   Our seniors made this country what it is today. Tom is a fourth- generation Nevadan. We really have a duty to ensure quality affordable  healthcare for people like Tom and Sue and seniors across the country  when they retire.   That is exactly what Democrats did when we passed the Inflation  Reduction Act. We capped the cost of insulin at $35 a month for people  with Medicare. We made vaccines free to seniors, and we are holding  drug companies accountable for raising the prices faster than the rate  of inflation.   Now you are hearing, in a major victory that has been decades in the  making, that we finally gave Medicare the green light to negotiate  lower prescription drug prices directly with Big Pharma. This is going  to make a huge difference for Nevadans and for Americans across the  country.   The Biden administration just selected the first 10 drugs for price  negotiations under Medicare Part D. These are widely used medications.  About 10 million people with Medicare take one or more of these drugs  each year to treat serious conditions like diabetes, heart failure,  blood clots, and cancer, and they are extremely expensive. Medicare  enrollees taking any of these 10 medications paid a total of $3.4  billion out of pocket in 2022.   For his diabetes, Tom Bird takes Jardiance, one of 10 drugs on the  list. This month, he paid about $466 for it.   Now, these 10 drugs cost Medicare over $50 billion last year alone.  That is outrageous. Think about where that money is going. Think about  where it is going. How much money is enough for these Big Pharma  companies?   But do you know what? The fact that Democrats fought to ensure that  Medicare can negotiate directly with drug companies is going to change  all that. It will give seniors a fair deal. It will lower healthcare  costs, and it will also cut back on Federal spending by $25 billion.  That is $25 billion that we are saving taxpayers across the country.   And this is just the beginning. Each year, more medications will be  added to the negotiation list, allowing Medicare to keep bringing down  prescription drug costs and saving more taxpayer dollars.   And I will tell you what, our seniors across this country, like Tom  and Sue, who helped build our country and make it what it is today,  will be able to breathe a sigh of relief. This is all thanks to the  Inflation Reduction Act, which continues to benefit Nevadans and  Americans across the country.   I am proud of the work that we all did when we passed this  legislation. I am proud of the Biden-Harris administration for not only  supporting the passage of it and working to get this done but also the  implementation.   I can tell you that I know my colleagues and I are going to make sure  and keep working to ensure that seniors across this country, whether  they are in Nevada or across this country, see lower healthcare costs,  because every senior should be able to retire with dignity. They have  worked for it. They have worked hard to make that happen, and we should  at least make sure that we are lowering those costs to help them.   I yield the floor.   