 Mr. President, while I was home in Iowa this past month, I  wrapped up my annual River to River tour, where I hear directly from  Iowans in all 99 counties every single year.   Our government is designed to be of the people, by the people, and  for the people; and that is why I am committed to hearing from Iowans  in every corner of our State and every county. It is my job to bring  their voices loud and clear to Washington, where I have the honor and  privilege of representing them in this great body.   Now that the Senate is back in session, we have lots of unfinished  business that impacts Iowans' lives, from funding the government to  renewing the farm bill. It is here in the Nation's Capital that we  gather to complete this work on behalf of our fellow Americans.   While the Senate is once again bustling with activity, I see we even  have a new class of Senate pages representing us, and they are here for  duty.   You have reported for duty, right?   Welcome to all of our new pages. Thank you for your service as well.   And the halls of Washington's bureaucracies as we look about this  city, they remain largely empty and hollow; and that, folks, is a top  issue for Iowa taxpayers and folks across the country.   Thousands of calls to the Department of Veterans Affairs from  veterans seeking mental health services are going unanswered. Desperate  travelers are  [[Page S4223]]  waiting hours on the phone or in line hoping to speak with someone at  the State Department about passport delays that are causing vacation  cancelations.   Our seniors are calling the Social Security Administration and are  increasingly being greeted with busy messages, waiting longer to speak  to a representative, or having their calls go unanswered altogether as  the Agency shifts toward remote work. Frustrated Americans are being  put on hold while too many Federal employees are phoning it in.   A manager of a VA medical center responsible for overseeing the  scheduling of veterans' care appointments actually--get this, folks.  This is no joke. This is no joke. An overseer for scheduling of  veterans' care appointments called into a meeting from a bubble bath  and even posted a selfie of it on social media with the caption ``my  office for the next hour.''   Another VA staffer lamented: It is almost as if this employee is  making a mockery of all veterans. I can sit here in my bathtub and  relax, and you just have to wait.   And that is exactly what is happening. The VA is still providing  misleading wait times to hide the problem, but the heartbreaking  stories of veterans continuing to go without urgent, medically  necessary care--sometimes for months--tells the whole story.   Taxpayers are also picking up the cost of maintaining mostly empty  buildings in Washington, as 75 percent or more of the office space at  the headquarters of most of our Federal Agencies is not being used. The  vacant offices beg the question: Where are all of the Federal  employees? Only one out of every three bureaucrats is fully back in the  office--one out of every three--according to a recent Office of  Personnel Management survey. Some said they never report to a physical  office.   The work locations of over 281,000 employees were redacted from data  provided in response to a Freedom of Information request filed by the  nonprofit group Open the Books--281,000 employees.   Well, I have some questions. Who are these folks, and what exactly  are they doing? Has the Biden administration been bamboozled into  thinking these bureaucrats are operating out of some secret cave like  Batman? I am working to find these secret locations, which are more  likely to turn out to be man caves than bat caves.   In his 2022 State of the Union Address, President Biden pledged that  ``the vast majority of Federal workers will once again work in  person.''   Well, here we are a year and a half later, and the Nation's Capital  remains a ghost town, and government employee unions are fighting  efforts to bring bureaucrats back.   Folks, I am all for moving Federal Agencies out of Washington. That  is exactly what my bill, the SWAMP Act, would do. The intent is to make  those creating the rules more accountable to the hard-working Iowans  and Americans who have to live under them. But letting Federal  employees work when and where and even if they want to is having the  exact opposite effect.   Consider, as many as 30 percent of Department of Health and Human  Services remote employees did not appear to be working on any given day  during the pandemic. And, again, these are Health and Human Services  remote employees. During a pandemic, you would think they would be  working. They did not appear to be working, according to an internal  review of employee logins to the Agency's email and file systems. So  hello, Federal employees, we actually can see when you are working and  when you are not.    Folks, remote work should not be confused with flipping through  channels with a TV remote. This, folks, is not remote work.   Growing up on a farm, I know what working from home really means. And  it ain't easy. It is not fair to let the responsibilities of running a  Federal Agency--and the country--fall on the shoulders of hard-working  public servants who are showing up while others are out golfing on the  taxpayers' dime.   That is why I have asked the inspector general of every single  Federal Department and Agency to determine, first, the impact of  telework on the delivery and response times of services and, second,  how much taxpayer money could be saved by consolidating unused office  space and adjusting government salaries for those who have relocated  and chosen to remain out of the office.   Most of America is back to work, and it is time for burrowed  bureaucrats in Washington to answer the call of duty on behalf of  taxpayers, veterans, seniors, and our great Nation.   I yield the floor.   