 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am honored to have had my first term  in the U.S. Senate coincide with Dianne Feinstein's time here in this  Senate.   When I learned this morning that she had passed away--the longest  serving woman in the U.S. Senate--two words came to my mind: patience  and kindness. The Bible says that love is patient and kind.   Senator Feinstein and I disagreed on policy much of the time, but  never regarding patience and kindness. Dianne Feinstein was unfailingly  kind. She was particularly kind to other women Senators. She was the  first to invite other women Senators to dinner, to lead our gatherings,  and to focus our attention on things that are good for all Americans,  without regard to political ideology.   As someone who arrived in the Senate the same week as January 6, that  day set the tone for many of my first months in the U.S. Senate. But  that day never set the tone for my relationship with Senator Dianne  Feinstein. My conversations with her, from beginning to end, were  unfailingly cordial and kind.   Particularly poignant were my observations of the relationship  between Senator Feinstein and her colleague from California, Senator  Alex Padilla. The conversations I enjoyed with Senator Feinstein and  Senator Padilla displayed his admiration and respect for his senior  Senate colleague, based on a yearslong working relationship going back  to his internship for her. And his importance to her is on display in  the beautiful artwork she created for him. That was a beautiful  California duo. I know that Senator Padilla will do her honor in  becoming California's senior Senator.   So I conclude with positive memories of Dianne Feinstein--Senator,  colleague, and hopefully for both of us, friend. That is a lovely way  to set the tone for political opposites going forward.   If patience and kindness is what love is, then that is also what  Senator Dianne Feinstein is. Senator Dianne Feinstein is love. I salute  her service.   I yield the floor.   