 Mr. Speaker, I thank the co-chairs of this caucus for  forming the Rural Health Caucus, something that is long overdue and  very much needed.   Mr. Speaker, this Rural Health Month, I am thrilled to join my  colleagues in the bipartisan Rural Health Caucus to advocate for  quality, affordable healthcare in every community. Our neighbors living  in rural areas face unique health challenges, a substantial one of  those being medical personnel shortages.   In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, 26 percent of residents live in  federally designated Health Professional Shortage Areas, meaning that  nearly one-third of Pennsylvanians live in an area without sufficient  medical personnel.   I don't know the last time you went to Pennsylvania, but it is a big  State. If you are in a part of the State that doesn't have a lot of  healthcare professionals, you are looking at long drives before you can  get to a doctor or hospital.   Preventive care is critical to overall health and well-being, and  access to preventive care relies upon having an adequate number of  medical professionals. Having an adequate number of medical  professionals relies upon not being penalized for serving as a teaching  hospital.   It is unbelievable to me that this is a problem that Pennsylvania  rural hospitals are facing. That is why I  [[Page H5973]]  partnered with Representative Meuser to introduce the bipartisan  Fairness for Rural Teaching Hospitals Act.   This bill would allow rural hospitals, including St. Luke's Hospital  Easton Campus in my district, and St. Luke's Miners Memorial Hospital,  a stone's throw away, to receive fair reimbursements from the Centers  for Medicare and Medicaid Services.   This legislation is critical for allowing our rural hospitals to  attract, train, and retain talented healthcare professionals to our  communities.   I firmly believe that access to high-quality, affordable healthcare  should not depend on your ZIP Code, and this bill is a step toward  making that a reality.   I am so proud to join my colleagues in the bipartisan Rural Health  Caucus to find ways to ensure that Americans in every corner of our  Nation have access to the care and resources they deserve. I will keep  up the work until that mission is fulfilled.   