 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this so- called CR, which is a MAGA gift basket to far-right extremists.   Let's first address the reality. The gutting cuts in this bill do not  continue current funding like we have historically done in continuing  resolutions. Instead, this so-called CR slashes cancer and Alzheimer's  research, defunds the police, and undercuts allies like Israel and  Ukraine.   Republicans claim to care about our borders, but this invites more  immigration problems. Instead of giving migrants a path to work and pay  taxes, it leaves them to languish in substandard private prisons.   This grab bag of budgetary garbage stands no chance of becoming law  and just slingshots into a shutdown in 36 hours, a shutdown that harms  everyone, from seniors and servicemembers to this Nation's most  vulnerable and its very security. It snarls small-business loans and  trade, delays home loans, and could force Federal contractors into  layoffs.   It is a MAGA recipe for more chaos and inflation, and my home State  of Florida will feel it first. The longer it drags on, the deeper the  airport lines will get as TSA agents and air traffic controllers go  without pay and passport processing slows down.   Worse, it actually makes our military serve without pay. Don't  forget, in the 2019 GOP shutdown, they forced Coast Guard members into  food banks. That does not make America stronger.   Instead of making communities less safe and handcuffing FEMA's  recovery responsiveness, which this CR does, why don't Republicans join  Democrats to fight Big Pharma and keep lowering drug prices like  insulin?   Instead of a shutdown that closes Social Security field offices,  which this CR does, and takes food from the mouths of children, why  won't Republicans join Democrats to bolster education, healthcare, and  climate investments like Americans want? Why? Because MAGA extremists  don't want to make life better for all Americans. They want to inflict  pain on their own leadership, on our government, and on the American  people. Why? Because it covers up their lack of an agenda, excites  their base, and throws gas on their bonfires of distraction and chaos.   America deserves better than that and so does this institution.    