 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am pretty sure I am joining my  colleague from Washington, who probably just spoke on the same subject,  but I come to the floor to support the nominations of two very  exceptional nominees to serve as judges for the U.S. District Court for  the Western District of Washington.   Kimberly Evanson, born and raised in our State, grew up in Grays  Harbor County before attending Tacoma High School in Tacoma. She  attended Seattle University and went on to graduate from Georgetown  University Law Center.   Nearly her entire legal career has been spent in the Western District  of Washington and the district in which she will serve, if confirmed.  She has nearly 15 years of experience with constitutional and Federal  law procedure, making her--as the American Bar Association said-- ``well-qualified'' for the Federal bench.   Ms. Evanson has dedicated her free time to supporting her community  through volunteer work, and since 2013, she has been a regular  volunteer with the Western District of Washington's Federal Civil  Rights Legal Clinic. There, she provides legal advice to King and  Pierce County residents who face employment discrimination, disability,  housing, prison misconduct, and excessive force claims.   Ms. Evanson's commitment to ensuring legal services and counsel is  available to all, regardless of income, shows her dedication to a fair  and inclusive justice system.   I urge my colleagues to confirm Ms. Evanson to the U.S. District  Court for the Western District of Washington without delay.   I also want to urge my colleagues to vote to confirm Tiffany  Cartwright for the Western District of Washington. This is a historic  nomination. If confirmed, Ms. Cartwright would be the first woman to  serve as Federal district judge from the Tacoma courthouse.   Ms. Cartwright is a proud Washingtonian who grew up in Kitsap County  and attended Central Kitsap High School. She went on to earn a bachelor  of arts from Stanford University in 2007 and a juris doctorate from  Stanford Law School.   Ms. Cartwright is extremely experienced in our court system. She has  served as a law clerk in the Alaska State Supreme Court and has served  as a Federal law clerk for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth  Circuit.   Ms. Cartwright currently serves as a civil rights attorney in  Seattle, where her practice focuses on police misconduct and gender  discrimination. In addition to her work as a civil rights attorney, Ms.  Cartwright serves on the Local Rules Committee for the Federal Bar  Association.   Ms. Cartwright has made it a priority to improve the accessibility of  the courts. In her free time, she has served as pro bono counsel for  cases involving women's and LGBTQ+ rights. And at the Seattle law firm  where she works, she has developed a successful fellowship program to  draw a diverse range of applicants to the firm and help reduce bias in  the workforce.   A real champion for her community and civil rights, she would make an  outstanding addition to the district court in the Western District of  Washington. And again, I urge my colleagues to vote to confirm Tiffany  Cartwright for the Western District of Washington.   I yield the floor.   