 Mr. President, I have to first note--and I appreciate  so much Senator Carper's comments--but from the smallest State that  claims agriculture to our distinguished Presiding Officer from the  largest State that has agriculture, to my State of Michigan, which is  second only to California in the diversity of crops that we grow, I  think we all stand here committed to the importance of growing things  in America, this economic engine, supporting small towns, supporting  rural development and quality of life.   So I am really pleased, as chair of the Agriculture, Nutrition, and  Forestry Committee, today, to know that we will be confirming Xochitl  Torres Small as the Deputy Secretary of Agriculture. Ms. Torres Small's  impressive and wide-ranging resume makes her an ideal appointee to help  lead the more than 100,000 public servants at the U.S. Department of  Agriculture, and they are stationed in over 4,500 locations all across  the country and all across the world.   Her predecessor in this role, Jewel Bronaugh, was instrumental in  helping to restore one of the Department's key functions: serving our  constituents on the ground in the communities in which they work, live,  and farm. A trailblazer like Ms. Torres Small, Ms. Bronaugh was the  first woman of color to hold the Deputy position at the USDA, and we  very much appreciated her leadership. I have every confidence that Ms.  Torres Small is up to the important task and will lead with great skill  and competence.   The granddaughter of farm workers, Ms. Torres Small grew up in the  borderlands of New Mexico. She began her career working for Senator Tom  Udall, clerking for a U.S. district court judge, and practicing water  and natural resources law.   Ms. Torres Small was the first woman and first person of color to  represent New Mexico's Second Congressional District, which is the  fifth largest district in the country.   She has most recently served as the Under Secretary for Rural  Development, a position to which she was confirmed unanimously by the  Senate just 2 years ago. As Under Secretary, Ms. Torres Small proved  herself to be a staunch advocate for rural communities.   It was through her leadership that USDA Rural Development secured $2  billion to support rural broadband through the bipartisan  infrastructure law, making USDA the first Federal Agency to invest  these funds in physical infrastructure for high-speed internet. I want  to stress that they were the first dollars out the door in terms of  taking dollars to small communities across the country for critically  needed high-speed internet. By moving swiftly to make rural development  funding available, USDA reduced energy costs for farmers and small  businesses.   Last year, Congress made the largest investment in rural electric  since the New Deal. Under Ms. Torres Small's stewardship, USDA has been  a leader in delivering those benefits to our local communities. She  worked tirelessly to increase rural communities' access to programs and  improve customer services at regional offices across the country. And,  importantly, she championed USDA's workforce, improving staff morale  and building out data and technology.   Ms. Torres Small enjoys broad support from over 80 stakeholders,  including the American Farm Bureau Federation, National Farmers Union,  National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, National Grocers Association,  Western Growers, National Association of State Departments of  Agriculture, U.S. Apple Association, the Rice Association, and on and  on, as well as the Congressional Hispanic Caucus.   I am also pleased that Ms. Torres Small enjoys broad support in this  Chamber, and she was advanced unanimously out of our committee.   The role of Deputy Secretary of Agriculture is not only critical to  overseeing the Department's efforts to improve its workforce but also  improving customer service, which I know she is laser-focused on. The  Deputy Secretary position is also vital to our work as we continue to  draft a bipartisan farm bill.  [[Page S2298]]    Ms. Torres Small's confirmation is a great opportunity for the Senate  to show that we can work together in a bipartisan manner.   Ms. Torres Small has a proven track record as a strong leader with  deep knowledge of farm, food, and rural policy. I know she will serve  the Department and the American people well in her new position, and I  urge my colleagues to support her confirmation.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   