 Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about how  we are currently failing our most senior military leaders, a failing  caused entirely by my colleague the senior Senator from Alabama.   Members of our All-Volunteer Force answer the call to service by  choice. No one is making them serve. They choose to serve. For their  sacrifices, we owe them many things--fair pay, healthcare, veterans'  benefits--to make sure they land on their feet after their service is  done. And we must also make sure they can do the hard, sometimes  dangerous, work they volunteered for without partisan politics getting  in their way.   And yet my colleague has placed an indefinite hold on the nominations  of all general officers, preventing a still growing number of our most  senior leaders from taking on the challenges of their next positions  and leaving critical gaps in our military leadership.   My colleague from Alabama is harming our military readiness and our  servicemembers not out of concern about the promotion process or the  ethical or professional qualifications of any of the nominees, he is  doing it to score cheap political points, to fundraise with his base,  and to try to force a policy that he personally disagrees with to  change, not by legislating it like the voters of Alabama sent him here  to do but holding our most senior military leaders hostage.   If my colleague had legitimate concerns about the fairness of the  promotion process or felt these nominees were not qualified ethical  leaders, this might be a different story.   In fact, as my colleague pointed out, I once held some, but certainly  not all, nominations. But I only did it for 14 days because I was  attempting to stop the administration in the White House at the time  from inserting politics into a nonpartisan promotion process.   I had legitimate, well-founded concerns that an Army colonel--a  single colonel's promotion would be withheld from consideration as  political retaliation against him.   I held the list of promotions for just 14 days until I received  assurances that he had received fair consideration, just like the rest  of his peers, and then I released my hold.   Put it another way. I wanted to make sure that the military promotion  process--the one we use to make sure our military is led by the best,  most qualified people--was not being politicized.   My colleague is doing the exact opposite. He is trying to change DOD  policy not by legislating but by holding up well-deserved promotions to  the detriment of leaders who have willingly served decades in uniform,  all the servicemembers who are supposed to serve under them, and our  national security because he wants to insert politics into this  historically nonpartisan process.   If he doesn't like the DOD policy, then he can engage in the NDAA  legislative process to change it. It is coming up. The Senator will  have a chance to do that.   The nominations that my colleague is holding represent experienced  professionals who, if confirmed, will tackle some of the biggest  challenges that our military faces.   In some cases, the positions are completely vacant, and that job just  isn't being done at all. I will only talk about a few of these  nominations today, but the already long list grows each month.   In a moment, I will ask the Senate to confirm MG Heidi J. Hoyle, U.S.  Army, to be a lieutenant general and the Deputy Chief of Staff, G-4, of  the U.S. Army. The Army G-4 develops, implements, and oversees Army  strategy, policy, plans, and programming for logistics and sustainment,  some of the most challenging, if not the most challenging, issues for  the Army to address.   Take it from a broken-down old soldier, logistics might not be sexy,  but without them the Army doesn't run. And the logistics and  sustainment needs of tomorrow's fight will be very different from those  of the last wars we have fought.   We need to be working through these problems now, figuring out new  strategies and plans, developing new systems that will serve our  soldiers better. That is exactly what the Army G-4 does. It is not  optional; it is necessary. And we need Major General Hoyle's  leadership, or it is our troops, out in front, who will suffer.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  consideration of the following nomination: Calendar No. 48, Major  General Heidi J. Hoyle, to be Lieutenant General; that the Senate vote  on the nomination without intervening action or debate; that if  confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table with no intervening action or debate; that any statements  related to the nomination be printed in the Record; and that the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I am disappointed the Senate is not  able to confirm MG Heidi Hoyle today. As I said earlier, the work Major  General Hoyle would do, if confirmed, is vital to the success of our  Army.   And now I want to consider another patriot whose promotion is being  held by my colleague from Alabama: Brig. Gen. Rebecca Sonkiss, U.S. Air  Force.   Brigadier General Sonkiss is the current commander of the 618th Air  Operations Center, the Tanker Airlift Control Center at Scott Air Force  Base in my home State of Illinois.   The 618th Air Operations Center is responsible for operational  planning, as well as scheduling, directing, and assessing a fleet of  about 1,100 aircraft that conduct combat delivery and strategic  airlift, air refueling, global air mobility support, and aeromedical  operations around the world.   General Sonkiss, a command pilot who has had a distinguished career  of service to her country, is leading the 618th Air Operations Center  as it does some of the most complex, most important, least celebrated  work in the Air Force. And yet her promotion is being held up, not  because of concerns about the fairness of the process or her own  qualifications. No, her promotion has not been granted because one  Senator would rather use her and other servicemembers like her to try  to manipulate the DOD into doing what he wants instead of engaging in  the legislative process.   I ask that it be in order to make the same request with respect to  Calendar No. 110, 23 nominations.    Mr. President, by refusing to confirm nominations to  positions of vital importance within the DOD, the senior Senator from  Alabama and some of his colleagues continue to risk our military  readiness and our national security. And they continue to deny  patriots, who have voluntarily served our country for decades, the  promotions they have earned as a means of trying to influence policy  through extortion, instead of through legislation or oversight.   I call on all my colleagues to join me in opposing the actions of the  senior Senator from Alabama for the sake of our military readiness and  for those who serve.   