 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 30,  and I encourage my colleagues to vote against this measure.   H.J. Res. 30 would nullify a Department of Labor rule concerning the  fiduciary duties with respect to employee benefit plans.   Under the rule issued on December 1, 2022, plan fiduciaries may  consider climate change and other environmental, social, and governance  (ESG) factors when they make investment decisions and when they  exercise shareholder rights, including voting on shareholder  resolutions and board nominations.   One of my greatest joys as a Member of Congress is the opportunity to  work on behalf of the people of the United States of America, to ensure  that every voice is heard, and every right is upheld.   In addition, the future of the American People relies heavily on  thoughtful investments in key areas that include ESG as this is the  backbone of our environment and the state of livelihoods of our growing  communities.   Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,  fiduciaries of private pension plans must act in the interest of plan  participants, including when making investment decisions.   If participants want to invest their employee benefits into  environmental, social, and governance factors, the government should  not be against it just because it goes against a particular party's  interests.   The rule ``Financial Factors in Selecting Plan Investments,'' issued  on November 13, 2020, required fiduciaries to make investment decisions  based solely on ``pecuniary factors.''   That rule included a ``tiebreaker'' standard, under which fiduciaries  could consider other benefits when ``alternative investment options are  economically indistinguishable.''   The 2022 rule clarified how plan fiduciaries may consider climate  change and other environmental, social, or governance (commonly  referred to as ESG) factors when making investment decisions.   Under the new regulation, fiduciaries may consider ``the economic  effects of climate change and other environmental, social, or  governance factors,'' but investment decisions ``may not subordinate  the interests of the participants and beneficiaries in their retirement  income or financial benefits under the plan to other objectives and may  not sacrifice investment return or take on additional investment  risk.''   This bill establishes the disapproval of the final rule ``Prudence  and Loyalty in Selecting Plan Investments and Exercising Shareholder  Rights.''   The world is seeing more climate related disasters than ever before.   These disasters are greatly impacting the way that the public  prepares their finances for potential strains.   In 2017 Hurricane Harvey ravaged many communities in my home state  and devastated the livelihoods of many working-class Americans.   Many of my constituents experienced economic hardships that are still  being felt today.   With an increase in natural disasters, we must protect the American  public and provide them with opportunities to invest in their needs.   This point serves to acknowledge the importance we must put into our  people and communities as things change and we continue to progress  into the future.   Strategic and thoughtful investments in our people, environments, and  livelihoods should be of utmost importance.   In essence, our future is dependent on how we invest in the now.   The American people want a future, and we can provide that by  thoughtfully planning through our strategic investments in the American  people of all backgrounds and the diverse environments in which we aim  to thrive in for decades to come.    I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, for those of us who have had the  privilege of serving in the United States Congress for a period of  time, going through any number of Speakers and majorities, what we are  doing this evening in the midst of the needs of the American people is  deja vu.   Let me say that the Congressional Review Act process, which we  debated just a few hours ago, would have added a 60-day review period  on crucial, lifesaving executive orders that would have been necessary  or have been necessary to save lives and to improve the quality of life  of the American people--in this instance, rulemaking.   It is obstructionist. It was passed, the Congressional Review Act-- obstruction--some 60-day review period, adding a Senate vote, a House  vote, a veto, and coming back again when American lives are in jeopardy  for healthcare, for the environment, for labor laws, any number of  things, for criminal justice reform, any number of rules that would  create a better pathway for Americans.   Now, we come with the REIN IN Act. I am positive that we did the REIN  IN Act some years ago. It sounds very familiar. This one deals with  allegedly providing some pathway for dealing effectively with  inflation.   I would hope my colleagues would be as interested in raising the debt  ceiling, which will stop the bleeding of the American people and  busting their wallets open because we have refused to pay our bills.   This seems to ignore the work that President Biden has done to cut  everyday costs for working families, bring global supply chains back  in, alleviating debt for students and veterans, and fighting climate  change.   This part of their larger plan to cut Medicare, Social Security, and  other crucial programs are in this bill.   Eliminating the language that we did with my amendment further helps  to ensure that improper and ambiguous congressional interference in  executive orders as sought through this legislation is appropriately  curtailed.   The executive orders that are well vetted by the President of the  United States that have helped populations that have been in trouble,  that have brought about a reckoning of police reform, these executive  orders would not be interfered with under the pretense of trying to  suggest an inflationary impact.   Why not applaud the work that President Biden has done, as I said,  with alleviating the debt of students and veterans, of which there are  those now fighting this in the Supreme Court, the work he has done on  climate change, and the work we have all done--Democrats and the  President--to preserve Medicare, Social Security, and other critical  programs?   I ask my colleagues to support Jackson Lee amendment No. 6 to stop  the interference that has no benefit and impact on any inflationary  uptick. What we need to do is work together to provide a budget, to be  able to overview the budget, and to be able to come together to raise  the debt ceiling to pay America's bills.   Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support amendment No. 6, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining?    Madam Chair, this is deja vu. I know the intent of  this legislation, the Reduce Exacerbated Inflation Negatively Impacting  the Nation Act.   What I would say is my amendment clearly wants to take away  destructive interference in the work that the executive has to do  through vetting their executive orders by not insisting on extra  baggage that would not in any way provide any relief to inflation.   What will provide relief to inflation would be to ensure that the  debt of students is reduced, that veterans are protected, that Medicare  and Social Security are protected, and that the debt ceiling is raised.   My amendment, by eliminating the language, further helps to ensure  that improper and ambiguous congressional interference with executive  orders, as sought through this legislation, is appropriately curtailed  because the more you delay constructive executive orders to help the  American people, the more you undermine the relief of the American  people and help to bring down inflation.   Madam Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 347, the Reduce  Exacerbated Inflation Negatively Impacting the Nation or REIN In Act,  an unnecessary, ambiguous and improper reporting bill that undermines  the important steps President Biden has taken to cut everyday costs for  working families.   H.R. 347 would require the Administration to publish the inflationary  impact of executive orders that are projected to have an annual  budgetary effect of at least $1 billion.   While I stand in strong opposition to this measure, I have offered  five amendments, four of which were made in order, to H.R. 347 in order  to help address the some of ambiguity and unnecessary oversight of  presidential executive orders this bill unfortunately puts forth.   Jackson Lee Amendment #5 restricts the bill to only cover Executive  Orders as listed in Sec. 2 (d)(2)(A) (emergency assistance) and (B)  (national security or treaties).   The Jackson Lee Amendment #5 would change the legislation to make  only those executive orders that qualify as emergency assistance and  national security or treaties to go through mandatory inflation  forecasting, instead of requiring that all executive orders outside of  the scope of emergency assistance or national security or treaties go  through mandatory inflation forecasts.   Jackson Lee Amendment #6 inserts into Sec. 2 (a) line 10 ``or'' after  ``inflations'' and Strikes Sec. (a) lines 11-14, to clarify and make  consistent with economic policy on inflationary impacts and effects.   Jackson Lee Amendment #6 would eliminate some of the ambiguous and  extraneous language in this bill.   Jackson Lee Amendment #7 adds at the end of section 2(d) the  definition to ``significant impact'' in Sec. 2 (a), which states as  follows: ``The term ``significant impact on inflation'' means an  Executive order was estimated to increase or decrease Consumer Price  Index inflation by at least 1% percentage point over the course of a  year.''   Jackson Lee Amendment #7 would define significant impact in regard to  the increase or decrease of the Consumer Price Index.   It is important that Significant Impact to the Consumer Price Index  of inflation is specified to eliminate ambiguity in the application of  the term ``significant''.   In keeping in line with nationally recognized standards for what is  deemed to be ``significant'' in the context of inflation, many  economists agree that an increase or decrease in the Consumer Price  Index inflation by at least 1% percentage point over the course of a  year is considered to be a significant impact on the Consumer Price  Index over a year.   Jackson Lee Amendment #8 adds at the end of section 2(d), (4) ``The  term ``quantifiable inflationary impact'' means an Executive order was  estimated to increase or decrease Consumer Price Index inflation by at  least 1% percentage point over the course of a year.''   The Jackson Lee Amendment #8 would specify the meaning and  application of what quantifiable inflationary impact is to eliminate  ambiguity and uncertainty in its contextual use for the purpose of this  legislation.   And so again, keeping in line with nationally recognized standards,  many economists agree that a ``quantifiable inflationary impact'' is  deemed to occur when there is an increase or decrease in the Consumer  Price Index inflation by at least 1% percentage point over the course  of a year.   While H.R. 347 is a clear overreach and would impose improper and  onerous restrictions upon the Executive Branch, the Jackson Lee  Amendments will be offered to this body as mere attempted to help  ensure that the inappropriate limitations as proscribed by this  legislation are curtailed in its effort to limit the authority of the  Executive orders.   The ability of the Executive Branch to carry out its Executive Orders  without improper or overbearing congressional restrictions on such  actions is of utmost importance to our Democracy and the continued  growth and betterment of our country.   And while executive orders are not expressly addressed in the U.S.  Constitution and no statute grants the President the general power to  issue them, executive orders have always been accepted as an inherent  and necessary aspect of presidential power and function of our  government since its inception.   The legislation, however, oversteps the boundaries of our nation's  governmental functions by attempting to override critically important  and vital actions our democracy needs and has historically accepted as  an inherent facet of separate functioning branches of our government.   Imposing such broad and ambiguous oversight of executive orders as  proposed by H.R. 347 would only serve as an unnecessary and improper  restriction on the powers of the Presidential executive orders, while  also perpetuating a waste of government resources and further hindering  American economic growth.   As such, I urge all my colleagues to oppose this onerous and  unnecessary bill.   Madam Chair, I ask for support of the Jackson Lee amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I request a recorded vote.    I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, we cannot run the government by  ambiguity, confusion, lack of clarity, and just throwing language down  on the floor and expecting all the pieces of government to work  together.   I question whether this legislation and the legislation dealing with  the Congressional Review Act is ever going to be passed in the United  States Senate. I question that. It would have been nice to have  hearings and work together.   This amendment tries to bring clarity. My amendment tries to define  the term ``significant impact.'' The term ``significant impact on  inflation'' means an executive order was estimated to increase or  decrease Consumer Price Index inflation by at least  [[Page H951]]  1 percentage point over the course of a year. This amendment does  clarify that the meaning of ``significant impact on inflation'' is  quantifiable in any effort to make such a determination.   The lack of specificity of applicability for when this unnecessary  legislative restriction would take place, and mandate, will be imposed  on all executive orders, as provided for in the bill, is unnecessary,  time-consuming, and a waste of resources. In fact, I don't even know  how any President would get through it.   I am not saying that executive orders should not have their necessary  oversight. They can. The Oversight and Accountability Committee and  other jurisdictional committees can have oversight.   If this is to reduce inflation, all this bill will do is raise the  costs of any act or action that is asked for in the executive order.   Jackson Lee amendment No. 7 would help to ensure that any attempt to  restrict the powers and authority of executive orders is curtailed in a  manner that would limit such mandate to apply only in such scenario  whereby economically accepted standards are considered and applied.   For example, ``significant impact on inflation'' is limited to  instances where there has been an increase or decrease in the Consumer  Price Index, the CPI, inflation by at least 1 percent over the course  of a year. With that in mind, we would have clarity; we would have an  understanding; and we would be able to know whether this is irrelevant,  burdensome, and overly excessive in doing the work on behalf of the  American people.   Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support Jackson Lee amendment No.  7, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining?    Madam Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin), the ranking member of the  Oversight and Accountability Committee.    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for  further clarifying our intent.   Usually, inflation, by the economists, is around 2 percent. To have  this amendment that indicates 1 percent, it gives some clarity of a  significant impact.   I would say this: I believe in oversight, but I don't believe in  obstruction, intrusion, and stopping work that impacts the American  people.   My amendment provides clarity so that the work for the American  people can go forward. It is evident that President Biden has had a  significant impact on bringing down inflation and building a better  quality of life.   Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support Jackson Lee amendment No.  7, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, all of us have seen the great work of the Oversight and  Reform Committee in the two initiatives that we have had today.   Clearly, we are all sort of stretching to try to understand the  impact of the Reduce Exacerbated Inflation Negatively Impacting the  Nation Act, and we are trying to find the substance.   So my previous amendment was dealing with significant impact, and now  we are dealing with quantifiable inflationary impact. I wanted to add  as to what this actually means.   So my amendment says quantifiable inflationary impact means an  executive order was estimated to increase or decrease Consumer Price  Index inflation by at least 1 percentage point over the course of a  year knowing that inflation is usually 2 percent a year.   I am just trying to find light in darkness and to try to understand  what this bill is doing and to give those who are in government to do  good, those who are trying to solve problems with a legitimate  executive order to have some guidance that relates to inflation and not  be of no substance with a bottomless pit, to be very honest with you,  Madam Chair.   I am hoping my colleagues will join me in trying to give some  guidance and some quantifiable definition to quantifiable inflationary  input by tracking it to what has traditionally been by economists  inflation 2 percent. We just went to 1 percent to give some definition  to this to give some ability for anyone to understand how to analyze or  utilize this legislation if it ever gets to the President's desk.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time  to close.   Madam Chair, let me quickly say that, again, the Jackson Lee  amendment before us is keeping in line with nationally recognized  standards.   Many economists agree that a quantifiable inflationary impact is  deemed to occur when there is an increase or decrease in the Consumer  Price Index inflation by at least 1 percent and over the course of a  year. It will not gut the bill. It will let us try to understand the  bill.   While H.R. 347 is a clear overreach and would impose improper and  onerous restrictions upon the executive branch, the Jackson Lee  amendment tries to find some common ground that will be offered to this  body as a mere attempt to help ensure that the inappropriate  limitations as prescribed by this legislation are curtailed in its  effort to limit the authority of the executive orders.   Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to consider and vote for the Jackson  Lee amendment No. 8, and I yield back the balance of my time.   