 Mr. President, I want to offer my condolences to Dianne's  family, to her colleagues in California, to the Speaker Emerita, to my  colleague Senator Padilla, and to so many of our friends and colleagues  who are watching today. I wanted to rise just because I am one of the  newer women in the U.S. Senate, and I wanted to acknowledge the  difference that Dianne Feinstein's example and work has made for me,  for my constituents, for our daughters, and our granddaughters.   When I came to the Senate, the bipartisan women's dinners were long- established. I didn't have to think about how I would get to know my  women colleagues and share experiences and learn the ropes from them  because Dianne Feinstein and her other colleagues who were early  pioneers in the Senate had already done some of that work for us. I  didn't have to think about whether there was going to be a women's  bathroom right off the floor that I could use just the way the men use  their bathroom in quick moments because Dianne Feinstein and others had  paved the way.   I didn't have to think about whether I would be accepted in the same  way  [[Page S4805]]  that Dianne Feinstein had to because she had already done that really  difficult work of being that much better than everybody else to make  sure that she never let women down and that she never let her  constituents down.   This morning, after Senator Murray called us and said that we are all  going to be on the floor, I was rushing to get ready, and to Senator  Murkowski's point, I put on different shoes than I was planning to.  They were shoes that Dianne had admired. She had the same pair, and she  told me they were good ones to wear.   I wore a scarf--it is not one Dianne gave me but because I thought  Dianne would think it would add a little something to my presence  today. In the last few months of her service, Dianne graced us with  her dignity and with her friendship. She had a way of sitting down next  to me in caucus lunch and checking in. She knew I had had some  particular caregiving challenges at home, and she would always say to  me: Who is with Ben right now? Ben is our son. How are things with the  family? I am not sure people really understand that women still have  family responsibilities that aren't easily transferable.    She wanted me always to know that we had made a lot of progress but  that there was still progress to make. And in her way of nudging us and  being an example for us, she was reminding us that we still have work  to do and she was counting on us to do it.   The last meeting that my senior Senator and I had with Dianne about  an issue that was really important to our State and we needed a vote  on, she had been home in California recuperating, and she had just made  it back to the Senate. And we went to meet with her in her hideaway,  and I, frankly, didn't know what to expect. I didn't know how her  health would be. She had a memo--it wasn't a short one--that laid out  the entire issue that we were there to talk to her about. She went  through that memo, several places, and said: Well, I read here that  this is the case, and I read there that that is the case, and you both  are telling me that you think I should vote in a particular way.   We went back and forth about a couple of issues. We reinforced our  arguments, our belief in why she should vote to support our position.  She asked us questions. She knew her stuff. She had read the memo. And  she said for a number of reasons--and she laid them out--that she would  vote with us.   She had muscle memory that pulled her up to her full height. She had  the intellectual discipline and memory to understand how to cut to the  chase and make sure she understood the essence of the issue we were  dealing with. And she was reminding us of what you are supposed to do  to serve your constituents, your State, and your country as a U.S.  Senator.   May her memory be a blessing.   I yield the floor.   