 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment No. 38 to  H.R. 4394, which would prohibit the use of taxpayer funds from going to  the Department of Energy's implementation of its proposed Industrial  Decarbonization Roadmap.   The Industrial Decarbonization Roadmap identifies and targets four  different categories of so-called CO2 emitters--residential,  commercial, industrial, and transportation sectors. In other words,  pretty much every aspect of our lives.   What does this portend in the real world? We are already experiencing  the consequences of this administration's decision to target  residential carbon emissions by attacking those home appliances that  actually work, from gas stoves to washers and dryers to water heaters,  thereby causing the price of these critically important appliances to  skyrocket while also reducing their availability.   We are also suffering through this administration's decision to  target the transportation sector by imposing tailpipe emission  requirements, fuel efficiency standards, and propping up the electric  vehicle industry, thereby causing the price of our cars and trucks to  skyrocket while also reducing their availability.   What is the outcome of these misguided efforts? Government imposed  wretchedness, of course, but that is what this administration does  best. It is no wonder that automobile repossessions are at an all-time  high because of bad policies imposed by bureaucrats who are shielded  from both accountability and having to suffer the consequences of their  bad decisions, but real Americans suffer every day.   This roadmap is bad policy, and I urge the adoption of my amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, the administration's roadmap targets those  key industries that significantly contribute to the stability of our  Nation's economy and supply chain; namely, the petroleum refining,  chemicals, iron and steel, cement, and food and beverage industries.   Instead of helping our American businesses, families, and  communities, the roadmap requires the use of substantially less  efficient, less reliable, and more costly energy resources, including  so-called clean energy, hoping to ultimately replace our ability to  access our very own domestic, affordable, and reliable energy  resources.   One of the goals mentioned in the roadmap is to ``prepare the  existing 11.4 million American manufacturing workers and future  workforce for the clean industry transition.''   When I hear that this administration seeks to prepare the existing  11.4 million American manufacturing workers for the clean energy  transition and then watch as they attempt to shut down our mines while  exporting manufacturing jobs to countries with dirtier products and  less effective environmental policies led by dictators and despots, I  admit I am more than skeptical as to what preparing actually means.    This administration's roadmap is unworkable and will bankrupt our  country.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, another goal highlighted in the roadmap  supports a transition to no-carbon fuels.   Mr. Chairman, Americans see through these goals. The reality is that  no-carbon fuels are not only no such thing--and only a charlatan would  argue otherwise--but they receive four times the amount in Federal  subsidies while producing less than one-fifth of the energy as compared  to our legacy industries.   These fuels are not only unreliable, even with the ridiculous amount  of taxpayer subsidies, but environmentally destructive and require  massive amounts of land per unit of energy produced. They kill birds  and other wildlife by the millions.   These unreliable projects simply cannot compete with our traditional  and reliable energy resources, a fact borne out by their need for  massive Federal subsidies to be viable at all. Figures from the U.S.  Energy Information Administration show that renewables received $15.6  billion in subsidies during  [[Page H5116]]  fiscal year 2022 and an estimated $1.2 trillion from the so-called  Inflation Reduction Act and are the largest recipient of such  subsidies.   It is thus entirely foreseeable that the second largest recipient of  subsidies, according to the Energy Information Administration, are  lower-income families who struggle to pay their utility bills, proving  that this administration is hell-bent on imposing energy poverty on  every sector of our society.   Why are they struggling? They are struggling because of rising energy  prices and rising utility fees as a result of this administration's  forced energy poverty. We simply cannot afford to pursue this energy  transition imposed on us by radical leftists.   As the sole Representative of a State whose main industries have been  hijacked by the Federal Government in the name of this pie-in-the-sky  transition, I voice my strong opposition to this roadmap. I ask my  colleagues to join me in defunding the Department of Energy's  implementation of this proposed Industrial Decarbonization Roadmap.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment No. 39 to  H.R. 4394, which prohibits funding from going toward the SuperTruck 3  program.   According to the Department of Energy, this program is unlike  previous SuperTruck programs; its primary focus being on  electrification and meeting so-called green energy goals rather than  improving fuel efficiency.   DOE's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy initially  launched the SuperTruck initiatives in 2009 with the aim of improving  heavy-duty truck efficiency by 50 percent while the follow-up  SuperTruck 2 in 2016 sought to double fuel efficiency for 18-wheeler,  or class 8, trucks.   Since then, the program has taken a drastic turn away from these  goals. DOE has repurposed this program towards the research and  development of lowering greenhouse gas emissions. SuperTruck 3 was  created to fund projects to electrify medium- and heavy-duty freight  trucks.   Mr. Chairman, Americans are tired of their taxpayer dollars being  used to fund programs that ultimately cause more harm than good. We  simply cannot afford to support programs that share the same  fundamental goals outlined in the Green New Deal. They will destroy our  economy and force a change in behavior by reducing the availability of  the goods that Americans actually want.   Mr. Chair, I urge support of my amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chair, some may argue that this program remains  aimed at improving fuel efficiency rather than a repurposed agenda  aimed at fulfilling radical Green New Deal priorities.   I refer those who would make this argument to a quote from Senator  Merkley in support of this program. He said: ``Climate chaos is the  greatest existential threat of our lifetimes, and it is going to take  an all-hands-on-deck approach to slash pollution--much of which comes  from the transportation sector--that is fanning the flames of the  crisis. . . . we can use new technologies to chart a path forward . . .  , and lead the world toward a more sustainable future. . . . as we work  to thwart the most catastrophic impact of the climate crisis.''   Now, setting aside for a moment the absurdity of the statement, you  can tell it was made by a politician who will never be held accountable  for the consequences of such actions or actually be required to live  under the rules he seeks to impose. He will always be able to afford  whatever vehicle he chooses, but not so much for the rest of us.   It is not just left-leaning politicians who spout hyperbole and  demand net-zero emissions by 2050. It is also our Federal agencies.  Secretary Granholm said: ``Getting to net-zero carbon emission . . .  means we must aggressively cut down the largest source of emissions:  the transportation sector.''   Then, to highlight this, she referred to the SuperTruck program. She  said: DOE's first two SuperTruck initiatives led to a massive leap in  fuel efficiency. ``This new funding triples down on . . .  [[Page H5117]]  a push toward electrifying trucks of all sizes, along with efforts to  expand EV charging access and develop low-emission car engines.''   Large scale use of electric vehicles will not happen unless mandated  by the Federal Government. This is borne out by the figures from the  U.S. Energy Information Administration. The fact is that this wasteful  spending is absolutely not sustainable.   Mr. Chair, I urge the adoption of my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in Wyoming, we have many instances of EV  drivers getting stranded out in the cold soon after charging their  vehicles. We had a California driver, just a few months ago in  Riverton, who charged his vehicle enough to go 120 miles but ran out of  kilovolts halfway over the mountain, about 60 miles.   On this particular occasion, it wasn't even very cold, at least not  by Wyoming standards. Had he been in the same spot just a week or so  earlier, he would have been stuck in minus 20-degree temperature with  60-mile-an-hour winds.   The town of Jackson just realized that paying $1 million each for a  fleet of electric buses didn't make them any more operational in our  harsh winter conditions, having found out the hard way that they are  unreliable and simply will not work at higher elevations and in single- digit temperatures.   The point I am making is that this transition that is being forced  upon us by this administration is not only wrong-handed, it is  downright dangerous.   Mr. Chair, supporting this program is not supporting fuel efficiency.  It is another way to prop up the forced energy transition to unreliable  resources.   For that reason, I urge the adoption of my amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment No. 40 to  H.R. 4394 which prohibits the use of funds to finalize, implement,  administer, or enforce the tyrannical, unnecessary, and wrongheaded  ``Energy Conservation Standards for Consumer Water Heaters.''   In late July of this year, the office of Energy Efficiency and  Renewable Energy proposed a rule to enforce strict conservation  standards for consumer water heaters, holding affordable and reliable  home appliances hostage to the will of a bunch of unelected bureaucrats  in the Federal Government.   All of this is being done in the name of the allegedly reducing  global emissions and enforcing an energy transition that will do  nothing to actually change global temperatures, either in the short or  long term, but will absolutely cause a substantial increase in the cost  of our appliances.   We are facing some serious crises in this country: an open border,  over 8 million illegal aliens invading America, a broken supply chain,  bone-crushing inflation, China spying on us from above, a war in the  Middle East, et cetera.   What does this administration focus on? Making all of us poor in  order to force us to use costly appliances that don't work.   This administration is incapable of addressing the real issues that  are important to the American public. What do they do? They target the  home appliances, tools, and vehicles that actually work, from gas  stoves to water heaters, from air-conditioners to lawnmowers, from the  internal combustion engine to reliable vehicles. This nonsense needs to  stop.   Mr. Chair, I encourage the adoption of my amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in this latest proposal, the administration  is intentionally attempting to force an increase in the cost of water  heaters for consumers and to take those water heaters that actually  work off the market.   What did I call that a few minutes ago? Oh, yeah, government-imposed  wretchedness.   The cost of home appliances is skyrocketing all because of this  administration's war on prosperity. With new regulations, government- imposed market uncertainty, and an intentionally disrupted supply  chain, there is certainly a method to their madness.   A new word and concept has been born. This administration and radical  bureaucrats running it have one goal in mind, and they call it de- development. Let that sink in.   Throughout most of modern history, our political leaders have sought  to improve our standard of living, to improve prosperity, and to make  our everyday goods and needs more affordable, not less so, yet that is  where we are now. The Biden administration is intentionally seeking to  make us all poorer, to make us more dependent on the government, to  take away our ability to feed, clothe, and house our families.    It is the concept of de-development that underlies the very purpose  of the Energy Conservation Standards for Consumer Water Heaters. It is  for that reason that we must make sure that such standards never go  into effect.   More than 9 million water heaters are sold in the United States every  year. What water heaters we use should be a matter of personal freedom  and economic choice. Our water heater manufacturers have built the most  efficient and environmentally friendly products in the world. That  isn't enough, no, not when the goal is not to make our necessary  appliances more affordable but when the goal is to use regulations to  change human behavior.   I will say it again. When government-imposed wretchedness is not a  byproduct of agency action but the purpose of the action itself, you  know that you have an out-of-control government that must be starved of  money. That is exactly what my amendment does. It starves these new  standards of the lifeblood that they need to be weaponized against the  American people.   The bottom line is this: The Biden administration doesn't care about  personal freedom or economic choice, and Democrats are cheering every  opportunity they get to intervene in the day-to-day lives of Americans.   Congress has the authority and responsibility to challenge the extent  to which these proposed standards are both technically feasible and  economically justified, and they are neither.   This administration's strategy to destroy everything that works is  causing energy poverty in vulnerable communities. While powerful clean  energy companies are reaping the benefits of billions and billions of  dollars in Federal taxpayer subsidies, the consumers are bearing the  burden of the costs.   Many Americans are already struggling to heat their homes, pay their  utilities, and put food on the table, primarily because of this  administration's failed energy policies. This proposed rule only  worsens those problems while solving absolutely nothing.   I ask my colleagues to join me in support of freedom and economic  prosperity by supporting my amendment to defund this administration's  proposed rule by preventing them from finalizing, implementing, and  enforcing rulemaking pertaining to energy conservation standards for  consumer water heaters. This is tyranny and it needs to stop.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   