 Madam Speaker, over the last few decades, and as  accelerated during the Obama and Biden administrations, our  constitutional separation of powers has been undermined by Congress'  overdelegation of legislative powers to regulatory agencies in the  executive branch.   H.R. 288, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act, or SOPRA, would  begin to rectify this imbalance.   SOPRA requires nothing more than for courts to apply de novo review  to all questions of law, including agencies' interpretation of statutes  and rules. That is what courts are supposed to do under the  Constitution. They are supposed to interpret the law.   SOPRA would override the ill-advised Supreme Court precedents like  Chevron USA v. Natural Resources Defense Council that require courts to  defer to agencies' interpretation of statutes and rules so long as they  are reasonable but even if they are wrong, even if they are incorrect.   It would end this improper judicial deference that gives agencies  greater leeway to pass rules carrying the force of law and which puts a  thumb on the scale in favor of the administrative state and against the  American people.   By doing so, SOPRA would help restore the constitutional separation  of powers, reclaiming the courts' role as the branch that interprets  the law and Congress' role as the branch that makes the law.   If we were to look at this issue as if it were a dartboard, courts  should be aiming for the bull's-eye of what a particular statute means  and enforcing the legislative intent.   Deference doctrines, however, allow courts to defer to an agency's  interpretation of a statute or regulation if they are anywhere on the  dartboard. This is improper, unconstitutional, and needs to change.   Agencies often try to avoid consultation and collaboration with the  very people who are the experts, the people who must live, work, and  often suffer under the rules and regulations that they mandate. It is  a case of an all-knowing bureaucracy in Washington thinking that they  know better than the people in the real world, the businessowners, the  farmers, the ranchers, the construction workers.    SOPRA also would help to promote the electoral accountability of  policymakers by ensuring that it is Congress' policies, and not those  of unelected bureaucrats, that govern the American people.   Over the last couple of days, we have had the opportunity to talk  about the REINS Act, and today, we are here talking about SOPRA,  restoring constitutional order, applying Article I, Section 1 of the  Constitution, where Congress makes the laws and the executive branch is  merely there to carry them out.   As I indicated yesterday when talking about the REINS Act, I cannot  understand why anyone in the legislative body would want to defer to  unelected bureaucrats to make the decisions that impact the citizens of  this country.   This body, Congress, was created to legislate. We need to jealously  guard our power, our authority, and, ultimately, our accountability to  the American public.   Again, I cannot understand why anyone who was elected would argue  that we should allow agencies and folks sitting here in Washington,  D.C., to make decisions that affect literally millions of people across  this country without any accountability whatsoever.   I want to retake our authority to legislate. I want to make sure that  this body carries out its responsibilities and duties. For that reason,  I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of SOPRA.    Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act,  or SOPRA, is great legislation that I fully support.   My amendment is simple and seeks to clarify that de novo judicial  review applies to agency guidance as well as to agency rules and  congressional statutes.   Specifically, my amendment explicitly states that interpretive rules,  general statements of policy, and all other agency guidance are subject  to de novo judicial review.   Unlike rules, guidance is undefined in the APA's definition section.  Agency guidance consists of interpretive rules that explain how  agencies interpret the statutes and rules that they administer and  general statements of policy that prospectively advise how agencies may  choose to exercise their authority.  [[Page H2943]]    Guidance is not subject to the APA's notice and comment requirements  and, at least not officially, does not have the force of law or at  least shouldn't have the force of law.   Yet, we have seen a growing trend of administrative agencies  attempting to use guidance to have the force of law while at the same  time avoiding even the APA process.   For example, in my private capacity before being elected to Congress,  I was part of an effort to push back on the Department of Agriculture's  attempt to mandate RFID ear tags on the cattle and bison of our  Nation's ranchers. The agency tried to force this on the agriculture  community through a two-page guidance document that was posted to the  USDA website.   This circumventing of the congressional legislative and agency  rulemaking process would have cost our cattle producers $2 billion to  comply with this guidance, all without a single comment or public  hearing.   Further concerning is that guidance is often not judicially  reviewable because agencies then claim that it is not final agency  action. Even when it is reviewed, the government then asks for  deference to the agencies by the courts.   While the language in SOPRA is implicit that the requirement for de  novo judicial review of all relevant questions of law applies to agency  guidance, my amendment would make it explicit.   In closing, my amendment would clarify that agency guidance, which  agencies routinely abuse, is subject to de novo judicial review under  this bill.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, the irony of what my colleague on the  other side is saying is that the only time that the courts would be  addressing guidance is when the agencies are attempting to enforce it  against someone outside of the agency.   Again, an example might be the EPA attempting to enforce their  guidance against an irrigator in Wyoming because he moved an irrigation  ditch and they have concluded that such irrigation ditch, through their  guidance, is actually a navigable water of the United States.   Now, fortunately, recently, the Supreme Court of the United States  slapped that down and has indicated that the EPA is no longer going to  be able to abuse its power and try to control irrigation land and other  resources by claiming that mud puddles and such are navigable waters of  the United States, but that is just an example.   The only time that the courts are going to be looking at guidance is  if the agencies are attempting to enforce it. Further, while my  colleague on the other side would argue that these are just frequently  answered questions and internal documents, the fact is that this is the  way that agencies are circumventing the APA, circumventing the law, and  attempting to enforce unofficial documents against the citizens of the  United States of America.   I would also point out that yesterday we did pass a similar amendment  to the REINS Act and what this does is it makes SOPRA and REINS  consistent in terms of covering guidance documents as well as official  rules.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I find it so ironic, having been a  practicing attorney for 34 years and fighting over these exact battles  in court, that I am having someone who hasn't practiced for decades  tell me that I am ignorant.   The agencies are the ones that attempt to enforce guidance, and I  have defended lawsuits along that very line.   Therefore, while someone who may have sat in this room for years  believes that he has the ability to judge what people in the real world  deal with, the fact is that agencies do attempt to enforce guidance  against citizens of this country.   The only thing that this amendment does is to say when that happens,  the courts are to apply de novo review to the interpretation of what  that guidance means. Nothing more and nothing less.    Again, this is a very simple amendment that says to the extent that  guidance documents are before the court for interpretation, the courts  must apply de novo review rather than defer to the agency  interpretation of that guidance. It is very simple, and it is  [[Page H2944]]  something that is appropriate and ensures that we are following our  constitutional separation of powers.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   