 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding  me some time.   Madam Speaker, as a Representative in New York City, I am all too  familiar, unfortunately, with this situation. Quite frankly, this is a  problem that was created by two people. First, our President decided it  was a good idea to open our borders and allow millions of individuals  to come in without the proper vetting, without knowing exactly what  their intentions are.   Some, yes, are applying for asylum, but they should still be doing so  through the proper channels. They should be doing so from the next safe  country, not coming to the southern border.   With that said, we look at court documents and we see that roughly 60  percent of those individuals are having those court cases denied under  this administration, which tells you that the majority of people coming  over our southern border are not legitimate asylum seekers.   Secondly, I blame the problem in New York City on my mayor, Mayor  Eric Adams, because he is misinterpreting New York City's right-to- shelter law. That was a court decree under Mayor Ed Koch that was  agreed to to address the issue of homeless New Yorkers.   It was always intended to provide support and housing for homeless  New Yorkers, citizens of New York, not individuals who just strolled  over the border last week.   Think about this: By the mayor's logic, everyone in New York City is  entitled to shelter whether they are a citizen or not. If all 6 million  people who came over our border came to New York City, they would be  entitled to free shelter.   If 8 billion on the planet came to New York City, they would be  entitled to free shelter. Clearly, the mayor's interpretation is  nonsensical.   The mayor has now resorted to using all sorts of facilities meant for  our citizens, including our children, to be used to house these  migrants.   Now, first of all, I think it is clear--and I see that there is  bipartisan opposition to schools and their gymnasiums being taken away  from children who suffered under COVID. They lacked physical education.  They lacked socialization. Now, to take away their gym for this housing  is absolutely ridiculous.   The mayor has reversed course on that after there was so much  opposition from the people in the city of New York, but he is still  using old schools. Facilities that were previously Catholic schools  that have closed that were perhaps going to to be utilized as public  schools, that has now stopped because the mayor is choosing instead to  house migrants in those old schools.   Now, the greatest plan or, I should say, the most ridiculous plan we  have heard to date is now he is going to use taxpayer money to pay New  Yorkers to house individuals in their homes. We are talking about  billions and billions of dollars a year. Hardworking taxpayers are  getting pummeled in New York City, because property taxes are  increasing year after year. People can't afford their own rent. They  can't afford their own roofs. He is saying you have to pay for  individuals who cross into our country illegally.   It is a disgrace. We should be stopping it and make sure not another  Federal dollar, not a penny, goes to fund the expansion of this  program. The mayor needs to comply with the actual laws and tell the  President to secure the border and stop this nonsense.   