 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of this bill that I proudly cosponsored. I  also thank my colleagues, Representatives Caraveo and Collins, for  leading this legislation, as well as Chairman Lucas for his support. I  also thank Senators Peter Welch and Ted Cruz over in the other body for  their work.   Synthetic opioids, such as fentanyl, have taken a terrible toll on  communities across this country, including in my own district. Fentanyl  is now involved in more deaths of Americans under 50 than any other  cause of death.   This epidemic is a horrifying ordeal, and now our communities must  deal with various chemicals being added to these drugs to enhance their  effects and also make them harder to detect. One chemical that  criminals have started to use is a common animal tranquilizer called  xylazine. When added to fentanyl, this animal tranquilizer can have  terrible side effects, including horrible wounds at the injection site.   These additives are also consequential to our first responders and  law enforcement as they deal with these drugs on the street. Drug  mixtures usually contain a very small amount of synthetic opioids,  which makes it very difficult to detect and hard to identify new  variants. Even small amounts of some substances can be dangerous for  law enforcement and public health officials to handle.   H.R. 1734 would address these challenges by leveraging the National  Institute of Standards and Technology's unique research capabilities to  help develop technologies to quickly characterize and safely handle  street drugs. For decades, the Nation's measurement laboratory has  helped to develop safe and effective drug detection techniques and  handling practices. NIST also collects and analyzes drug samples in  circulation, and this helps health authorities and law enforcement to  better respond to this crisis. This bill would codify and enhance those  ongoing efforts. It also adds reporting requirements for NIST and the  GAO so that Congress can better understand our Federal capabilities in  responding to this crisis.   This is a good example of how we can activate the unique expertise in  our government labs to benefit communities across this country. It is  also a good example of the bipartisan work that we do in the Science  Committee. I thank my colleagues again, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, as Mr. Collins has just remarked, he and  Dr. Caraveo took the lead on this legislation. We are grateful and  fortunate, indeed, that Dr. Caraveo is here in our body, dedicated to  our constituents, but also bringing the expertise that a medical doctor  can have to an item like this.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from Colorado (Ms. Caraveo).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan bill introduced by  Chairman Lucas and myself authorizing cross-cutting, joint research and  development between the Department of Energy and the U.S. Department of  Agriculture.   Together, these agencies leverage their incredible capabilities to  address some of our multidisciplinary research challenges in crop  science, carbon storage, and precision agriculture technologies.   Codifying the partnership between these agencies is a testament to  our commitment to combat climate change and to serve the agricultural  communities like those in my district and throughout the Nation.   We generated substantial momentum through the bipartisan CHIPS and  Science Act, which included research support toward agricultural  productivity improvement goals.   This bill will sustain and strengthen this momentum by empowering  deeper cooperation between two of our top science agencies, enabling  national research and ag capability to fully realize the opportunities  presented by new and emerging technologies.   The technologies that are being used on farms in my district are  really cutting edge. For example, on farms in my district, there is in  use a giant machine that roams the fields, and by computer, identifies  weeds and zaps them with lasers.   This is done automatically, it doesn't use any pesticides, and those  weeds are permanently gone. It is really an example of how we are  entering a high-tech area in precision agriculture. The Federal  Government can help facilitate progress in this field through bills  like the one before us today.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill,  and as I have no additional speakers, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan bill introduced by  Ms. Stevens and Mr. Baird authorizing collaborative research between  the Department of Energy and the National Science Foundation in  critical areas of our national competitiveness.   It builds on the longstanding partnership between these agencies to  leverage each other's investments and expertise in a wide range of  fields, including quantum science, artificial intelligence, fusion  energy, and advanced manufacturing.   Alongside these research partnerships, it also authorizes  collaborative initiatives in education and training and development of  a strong STEM workforce. We will not be able to succeed unless we have  the talented workforce to get the job done.   Lastly, it promotes secure data and information transfer capabilities  between both agencies to develop a shared, agile data ecosystem.   In a time when many emerging technologies are on our doorstep, it is  important that we empower our leading science agencies to work with  each other to capture these interdisciplinary opportunities.   Both NSF and DOE have an extensive history of joint activities such  as support for the development of the Vera C. Rubin Observatory, a  world-class tool for scientific discovery in astronomy.   The DOE and NSF Interagency Research Act strengthens the legislative  foundation that was set in the CHIPS and Science Act, and this enables  both agencies to foster a more collaborative  [[Page H6092]]  research environment to maximize their collective impacts on our  Nation.   Mr. Speaker, for all of these reasons, I strongly urge all of my  colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, the Science Committee is blessed to have  many talented Members of Congress dedicated to science and our future.   One of them is one of the coauthors of this bill, a senior Member of  the committee and a talented Member of Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from Michigan (Ms. Stevens).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, and I thank the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Williams) and the Space and Aeronautics  Subcommittee ranking member, Mr. Sorensen, for their work on this  important bipartisan bill.   Enhancing interagency collaboration between the Department of Energy  and NASA can have a multiplier effect on the creative, innovative, and  inspiring work of these two important agencies. It is an important  element in furthering both agencies' missions and our Nation's  aspirations in science and exploration.   DOE's and NASA's joint research and development activities include  amazing scientific endeavors, such as nuclear power and nuclear space  propulsion, high-energy physics and sophisticated astronomy, Earth and  environmental sciences, and quantum information technology.   This partnership is already having impressive results. For example,  just last week, an international team of 170 scientists produced a  catalog of 294 gamma-ray-emitting pulsars discovered using NASA's Fermi  Gamma-ray Space Telescope that was developed in coordination with DOE.  Fermi's discoveries mean astronomers now know of more than 27 times the  number of known gamma-ray pulsars before the telescope was launched in  2008.   Last month, DOE marked the largest delivery of plutonium-238 since  the U.S. restarted domestic production over a decade ago. DOE uses this  material to develop heat sources to power NASA robotic spacecraft that  can't effectively use solar energy.   This is a very practical bill. It maximizes our Federal R&D  capabilities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all House Members to vote in favor of this bill,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, Mr.  Williams worked on this bill, but so did Mr. Sorensen, a valued member  of our committee.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Sorensen), a freshman Member and the only meteorologist in the House of  Representatives. I think he is the first meteorologist in nearly half a  century to serve, and his curiosity and expertise is really so helpful  to the Science Committee, as well as his plain common sense. I thank  him for his work on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   