 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New  York (Ms. Velazquez) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in strong support of the  Successful Entrepreneurship for Reservists and Veterans Act, or the  SERV Act, which I introduced alongside my friend and colleague from  Missouri (Mr. Alford).   The SERV Act not only honors our veterans; it honors their service.  It empowers our veterans to embark on a new chapter as entrepreneurs  and small business owners.   My mom served in the Army for 20 years. My grandfather served, as  well. Through them, I learned so much about service, about leadership,  and certainly about the dedication to country.   Our veterans have defended our freedoms from so many things and with  unwavering commitment. We absolutely owe it to them to provide the  support that they need to achieve personal and professional success as  they return home.   The SERV Act is a testament to that commitment that we have to the  brave veterans that have served, and it is necessary because veterans  do face distinct barriers when transitioning to civilian life,  specifically when starting a business.   Those challenges can include overcoming stigmas around physical  disability or post-traumatic stress disorder, as well as difficulty  accessing credit. It forces small businesses to sometimes turn to  alternative lenders, which can be predatory or more expensive than  traditional sources. While those challenges exist for all potential  entrepreneurs and our small business owners, it can be especially  difficult for our veterans who often have trouble accruing credit  necessary to attract and attain capital.   These barriers have led to a 35 percent decrease in veterans starting  small businesses since World War II, and the U.S. Small Business  Administration currently works closely with the VA and the Department  of Defense on several excellent programs that we heard about from my  colleague, Mr. Alford, specifically designed to help our veterans  transition to civilian life and entrepreneurship, but those programs  are not always as easy to find as they should be.   The SERV Act recognizes those unique challenges and works to address  them directly, fostering economic growth at the local level and  harnessing the immense potential that our veteran communities have.   One key provision of this legislation is the commission of a  Government Accountability Office report on the ability of veterans and  reservists to access capital and credit, which are crucial building  blocks to opening a business.   This report would include analysis on common sources of credit and  how deployment of credit impacts our servicemembers and their  individual credit.   Moreover, the bill requires an Interagency Task Force at the SBA to  develop an action plan for greater outreach of programs that already  exist for veterans transitioning into the business world. That task  force would report its findings annually to Congress on how the SBA can  better support veterans, service-disabled veterans, reservists, and  their families.    The district I represent in Kansas includes a large rural population,  and we know that businesses with fewer than 500 employees account for a  majority of our rural establishments and employers.   By supporting our veteran entrepreneurs and making it easier for them  to start small businesses, we are boosting local economies in both  urban and rural settings. I often say that due to the specialized  training and learned skill set, there are few people that are as well  suited to start and operate a small business as our veterans.   The SERV Act is going to help those folks who served in uniform do  just that. By providing enhanced access to SBA resources and programs,  we are investing in the entrepreneurial spirit of our veterans. We are  fostering economic growth. We are strengthening our communities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, alongside my friend, Mr. Alford,  on both sides of the aisle to stand united in support of this crucial  legislation which did pass the House in a largely bipartisan way in the  last Congress.   Let us send a powerful message to our veterans that we appreciate  their service, their sacrifice, and that we are dedicated to helping  them succeed in their endeavors, both while serving and after they hang  up their uniform.   