 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Pallone for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to S.J. Res. 11 to overturn  the EPA Clean Trucks rule.   Tens of millions of Americans are exposed to dangerous levels of  nitrogen oxide pollution from trucks. Many of them live in low-income  communities and communities of color.   I know. I represent the Port of Los Angeles where I am surrounded by  four freeways and trucks everywhere. Now, they do move our economy.  They move goods from the port out into the communities, and so we  acknowledge that, but we are all too familiar with Code Orange or Code  Red air alerts warning us not to go outside.   Think about this: Our children cannot go outside and play at the  local park because of the air quality, because of the pollution. We  know that they are at increased risk for premature deaths, childhood  asthma, and lung and heart diseases. If you go to a doctor's office in  my district, the doctors there stock up on boxes of inhalers for  children that they are waiting to come in because of the air pollution  that is causing asthma.   These truck pollution standards were last updated 20 years ago. That  is the last time we updated the standards. How long do children need to  wait? How long do children need to wait to get clean air?   It has been 20 years. That is how long our communities have suffered  without any help. This Republican resolution basically says too bad. We  want you to wait longer for clean air. Whether it is Wilmington,  California, in my district, or Wilmington, Delaware, across the country  and everywhere in between, our communities just want to breathe. Delay  is not acceptable.    Our children have been waiting too long. We must move  forward with this EPA truck rule. This is what we need to make sure we  are investing and moving toward clean trucks, and we will not stop  until every community, no matter your ZIP Code, can go outside without  worrying whether it is safe to breathe clean air.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill and to support  clean air for all.   