 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for  affording me this time.   I am very pleased to join with all of my colleagues in the  Congressional Black Caucus to honor the veterans, African-American,  Black veterans, who have served this country so honorably.   We could talk all night about the contributions that have been made,  the sacrifices that have been made, and we take this time to point out  not only the contributions but individuals who have played an important  role as Blacks in the military.   First, I would share that, in 1994, I introduced legislation, H.R.  3013, to create the Center for Women's Veterans. That bill became law  under Sonny Montgomery, who was the chair of the Committee on Veterans'  Affairs at that time. I think that overall bill was the Veterans'  Benefits Improvements Act.   I am very pleased that that center has paid attention to some of the  concerns that we have had about the treatment of women, Black women in  particular.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize someone from my district, an  extraordinary woman who happens to be a veteran.   Patricia Jackson-Kelley is a military veteran of the United States  Air Force and United States Army and Navy Reserves, having served our  Nation collectively for 26 years, where she rose to the top rank of  lieutenant colonel after serving honorably on both Active Duty and in  the Reserves.   Lieutenant Colonel Jackson-Kelley recently completed a 4-year  impressive term as the national president of the National Association  of Black Military Women, with chapters across the United States.   While serving our Nation in the Armed Forces and post-service,  Lieutenant Colonel Jackson-Kelley served as the program manager for a  40-bed substance abuse ward and as the women veteran program manager  with the Department of Veterans Affairs, West Los Angeles.   During her term on executive staff, she was instrumental in  implementing programs, and she increased funds and resources for women  veterans. During her time at the veterans hospital, she also served as  one of the initial board members during the inaugural formation of U.S.  VETS.   Patricia Jackson-Kelley is also a commissioner for the County of Los  Angeles, Second District, Military and Veteran Affairs, and commander  for The American Legion Jackie Robinson 252 Post.   Most recently, she was appointed by the Secretary of the Department  of Veterans Affairs Sexual Assault and Harassment Prevention Task Force  Working Group, covering national concerns and issues.   Lieutenant Colonel Jackson-Kelley has received awards and  commendations from President George Bush, the California Governor's  Office 2006 to 2009, NAACP, Blacks in Government, and many top  community organizations.   In 2010, she was selected as Southern California Women Veteran of the  Year by the California Department of Veterans Affairs, and she was the  inaugural recipient of the PFC Gladys Schuster Trailblazer Award in  August 2012.   Jackson-Kelley was recognized by former Department of Veterans  Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald for her service on the National  Center for Minority Veterans committee from 2015 to 2017.   In 2017, Lieutenant Colonel Jackson-Kelley was awarded the Lifetime  Legacy Award by Connected Women of Influence.   In 2018, she received the Crystal Eagle Award from Los Angeles County  African American Employees Association. Also in 2018, Lieutenant  Colonel Jackson-Kelley was honored with the Holeman Community  Development Corporation Quiet Champion Award, the City of Los Angeles  Hall of Fame Award, and was named UCLA Veteran of the Year.   In 2019, she was the Hollywood Business and Professional Women Black  History Month honoree.   Lieutenant Colonel Jackson-Kelley was one of the honorees of the  National Daughters of the American Revolution Women in American  History, 2021 to 2022.   On August 20, 2022, she received the prestigious African Focus  Goodwill Lifetime Achievement Award.   Mr. Speaker, I highlight that she is one of many African-American  women who have served this country honorably, and she deserves to be  recognized.   This evening, I hope that by giving her this recognition, she will  understand that we appreciate her so very much.   Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Waters) for her remarks.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. Moore).   