 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk, No. 29.    Mr. Chair, as a proud Virginian, I rise today in  defense of our region's coastal communities, our Nation's military and  defense equities, the Chesapeake Bay, and the economy of the  Commonwealth of Virginia.   I am concerned that the legislation under consideration today would  open the door to drilling of oil and gas off the shores of Virginia,  something that has never been done before and something staunchly  opposed by Virginians.   Offshore oil and gas drilling poses a grave threat to our economy,  our natural resources, and America's military infrastructure along  Virginia's coast.   Virginia's economy relies heavily on deepwater port commerce, and  offshore drilling operations would severely impact these industries.   According to one report, offshore drilling could jeopardize  approximately 86,000 Virginia jobs, as well as roughly $4.8 billion in  Virginia's GDP from coastal tourism, commercial fishing, and  aquaculture alone.   According to NOAA, in 2016, Virginia's commercial seafood industry  collected more than 440 million pounds of seafood with a value of close  to $300 million.   This driver of Virginia's economy could be threatened under the  overarching legislation considered here today.   I also point out that Virginia's Wallops Island could come under  threat. Wallops Island is home to space infrastructure that enables  NASA missions, but offshore drilling could undermine decades of  Federal, State, and local economic development efforts related to our  space program.   Virginia's spaceport has bolstered the local economy to the tune of  $820 million annually, and it has provided thousands of jobs in our  Commonwealth.   Back in 2015, NASA raised the alarm bells about offshore drilling,  releasing a statement that read, ``The presence of either temporary or  fixed structures at or below the sea surface . . . would have  significant detrimental effects on our ability to conduct aerospace  test activities.''   Offshore drilling in Virginia has been shown to be a critical  national security risk. According to a study published by the United  States Department of Defense, any oil and gas leases off the coast of  Virginia would disrupt military operations, training, and testing  activities considered to be vital to our United States' national  security and readiness.   Finally, I am deeply concerned about the environmental impacts that  offshore drilling could have in Virginia. As the largest estuary in the  United States, the Chesapeake Bay has been recognized by Congress as a  ``national treasure'' and has been under federally funded cleanup  efforts since 1965.   The Chesapeake Bay is home to more than 3,600 species of plant, fish,  and animals--several dozen recognized as threatened or endangered.   Over the last several decades, we have made tremendous progress in  the restoration of the Chesapeake Bay. Virginians do not want to risk a  disaster like the Deepwater Horizon spill.   What is more, I am concerned about more regular releases of crude oil  that occur in offshore operations. The Chesapeake Bay Foundation  reports that spills from platforms, pipelines, and other offshore  infrastructure release, on average, 157,000 barrels of oil annually.   These releases would destroy many of the environmental gains that  have helped revitalize Virginia's economy, Virginia's coastal  communities, and the health of the Chesapeake Bay.   I urge my colleagues, from those in Virginia to those across the  country, to vote to protect Virginia's fishermen, farmers, coastal  towns, beaches, natural beauty, and importantly, our national security  by voting ``yes'' on this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   