 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill.  President's Biden's policies have caused a massive surge of 370,000  unaccompanied children to come to our southwest border since he took  office. Where is the outrage? Where are the tears?   According to an HHS whistleblower, the U.S. Government has become a  middleman in a large scale, multibillion-dollar child trafficking  operation run by bad actors seeking to profit off the lives of  children. Where is the outrage? Where are the tears?   We have seen from Members on the other side of the aisle that they  are claiming that this bill is going to somehow hurt children. Are they  reading the reports of minors as young as 9 who are being brought over  illegally and are working the midnight shift, the graveyard shift, in  meatpacking plants? Again, where are the tears? Where is the outrage?   H.R. 2 stops future surges and protects children by treating  unaccompanied children from Mexico and the rest of the world in the  same manner, enabling their safe return home to their families after  they are screened for indications of trafficking or a credible fear of  persecution.   I was on the city council for 6 years, and I was mayor for 6 years of  a city of about 250,000 people. I saw the cost of illegal immigration  firsthand at the local level. I saw the toll that it put on our local  cities and communities in housing, in schools, in crime, in resources.   I was lucky enough to be able to partner with Immigrations and  Customs Enforcement, and we saw at that time more illegal criminal  aliens that were deported from our city per capita from any other city  in the country. What did we see from that? Our crime dropped, and  people who lived in low-income areas, minority areas, were the ones who  benefited the most, because they were being targeted by that crime.   The American people did not vote for this chaos. They voted to have  control over our borders. What we have seen from this administration is  they continue to take every single tool out of the toolbox that is able  to actually secure our borders.   The American people sent us to D.C. to secure our borders and put an  end to the worst humanitarian crisis our Nation has ever seen. It is  absurd that we are even here today having to pass a bill to force this  administration to enforce the laws and do its most basic job, which is  to enforce our laws, secure our border, and protect our Nation.   