 Madam Speaker, I had to come down to the floor  to speak out strongly against the Republican's pro-China bill.   The Republican Party wants to take us backwards. They want to raise  costs on American families, and, in doing so, a lot of people ask why?  Why would you attack American auto companies and American workers? Why  would you work against the best interests of the American people,  putting money back into their pockets?   It has become clear to me, serving here, especially this Congress  this year, that my good friends on the GOP side are shills for  polluters. It is to the detriment of the people that we represent back  home.   American workers and automakers have made huge innovations in the  cars and trucks that we drive. Now, electric vehicles being built in  America, rather than China and other parts of the world, are more  energy efficient, they are fun to drive, and that is why American  demand for EVs has jumped 350 percent over the past 2 years alone.   U.S. electric vehicles have now zipped past a major milestone. There  have been 1 million battery electric vehicles sold in a single year.  This year's sales suggest that a rising number of consumers are making  that jump. Why?   Because you don't have the maintenance costs and you don't have to  stop at the gas station. We have a lot of work to do on electric  vehicle charging.   It has been the Clean Air Act that has helped American innovators and  automakers and workers make our cars more fuel efficient over time.  Now, with the historic Inflation Reduction Act passed by a Democratic- led Congress, signed by President Biden, we are bringing those  manufacturers and the batteries and the assembly here in America.   It has been announced there is $150 billion in investments across  nearly 400 new facilities in U.S. electric vehicle and battery  manufacturing in Ohio, in South Carolina, mostly in these red  districts. This is a Made in America moment, and we have to reject  these kind of take-us-backward attempts offered by the grand oil party,  the GOP. Why did they do this?   Because they are so tied to fossil fuels and gas and oil that they  cannot see what lies ahead of us. That means investing in America for a  change. That means having these vehicles manufactured here in America  and not being worried about China eating our lunch.   They are the ones that are trying to flood the EU market. Do you  think our European allies want to buy Chinese-made vehicles?   No, they want to buy American-made vehicles because they are our  allies. Please vote against this pro-China GOP bill. Vote for America  and vote ``no.''   