 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, the American  Battlefield Protection Program Enhancement Act. I take the time to  thank our chairman, Bruce Westerman, and the ranking member for their  support throughout this process both in committee but also in visiting  with so many communities that understand the importance of preserving  and protecting these most hallowed grounds.   I introduced this bipartisan legislation with my Congressional  Battlefield Caucus co-chair, Mr. Connolly of Virginia, to preserve and  improve the American Battlefield Protection Program, one of the most  successful land preservation programs managed by the National Park  Service. Since its inception, the American Battlefield Protection  Program has helped protect more than 100 battlefields in 42 States,  including Fort Ann in my district in upstate New York.   New York's 21st District is truly the cradle of the American  Revolution, home to Fort Ticonderoga, Fort Ann, and the Bennington  Battlefield. However, as people across upstate New York and the North  Country will proudly tell you, Mr. Speaker, our deep military history  extends beyond the American Revolution and incorporates many important  battlefields from the French and Indian War through the War of 1812.   I, myself, grew up going to these historic sites, and I consider them  part of the classroom of my childhood education. For years, I have been  proud to lead the charge to preserve these historic battlefields in the  Congress as the co-chair of the Congressional Battlefield Caucus. It is  critical that we preserve and honor the places Americans gave their  last full measure of devotion in order to ensure future generations of  Americans learn the lessons of those sacrifices on these very hallowed  grounds.   This bill also allows nonprofits and Tribes to apply to the program  directly, instead of having to go through a government sponsor.  Removing this burdensome hurdle cuts through bureaucracy allowing these  entities to be more efficient and effective in preserving our  endangered battlefields.   This legislation also clarifies the eligibility of Revolutionary War  and War of 1812 sites for battlefield land acquisition grants to ensure  the program is used to preserve battlefield land, while also creating a  process for the National Park Service to expand and update battlefield  boundaries.   With emerging archeological technologies, historical boundaries of  various battlefields have shifted as we learn more. Without the program  improvements in my bill, portions of battlefields with newly discovered  historic importance stand to be lost. We must not allow this to happen  and, instead, strive to ensure these critical pieces of our history-- our most hallowed history--are preserved for future generations.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of the  bipartisan American Battlefield Protection Program Enhancement Act to  ensure these battlefields continue to be preserved for years and  generations to come.   