 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, Mr. Banks' amendment to prohibit our Nation's service  academies from promoting diverse experiences and backgrounds as part of  its missions policy will do nothing but weaken our military.   The Supreme Court recently recognized in its decision to leave  service academies out of its ruling on affirmative action that our  academies are not laboratories for ideological gerrymandering. They are  institutions that are foundational to our national security.   Our service academies are responsible for providing a higher  education but also for training our Nation's men and women to serve as  global leaders. Many graduates will serve in the highest levels of our  military and government, where success depends on maintaining an open  mind, building diverse coalitions, and drawing on broad experiences.  They will lead as part of a military that has never been more diverse,  more capable, or more lethal. Soon, nearly half of our servicemembers  will be people of color, but only a fraction serve as officers and even  a smaller fraction as senior leaders.   We learned bitter and painful lessons in World War II, Korea, and  Vietnam, when leaders neither understood nor looked like the formations  they led.   It is 2023, not 1952. If my colleagues across the aisle knew more  about the painful history of this country, perhaps last night one of  them would not have referred to Black servicemembers as ``colored  people.''   Let's not move our country backward. I oppose this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Kim), the ranking member  [[Page H3582]]  of the Military Personnel Subcommittee.    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from New Jersey.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Ryan), vice ranking member of the House Armed Services  Committee.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to the time remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, today's military leaders are unequivocal in their support  of diversity and leadership. Joint Chiefs Chairman Milley considers it  fundamental. Army Chief McConville calls it a crucial competitive  advantage. Then-Air Force Chief CQ Brown called diversity an  imperative. Marine Corps Commandant Berger said the core of America's  strength lies in its diversity.   The very government assembled here today, in its amicus brief to the  Supreme Court, characterized a diverse pool of academy graduates as a  vital interest on which the Nation's future depends.   The American people expect and demand that our academies are given  every tool and advantage to train leaders capable of fighting and  winning our Nation's wars. Make no mistake, diversity is not synonymous  with less qualified. We want the best. We want the brightest. We need  the most diverse.    This amendment attempts to weaken a concept foundational to our  current and future military supremacy, that diversity translates into  capability and lethality.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   