 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4668, the  Providing Opportunities to Show Transparency via Information Technology  Act, also known simply as the POST IT Act.   It has been an honor to co-lead this bill with Congressman Molinaro  to increase transparency in the small business space. Most Americans  want more transparency from our government. This is an easy,  straightforward, and bipartisan bill.   It is critical that Federal agencies produce smart, well-crafted  regulations. I hear all the time from small business owners across  different sectors in west Michigan that they want to comply and follow  rules and regulations, but they need clear guidance. Far too often, it  is hard to find.   Federal regulations can be a nightmare to navigate for small  businesses who often serve as founder, CEO, president, store clerk,  janitor, CPA, and attorney all in the same day. Most small businesses  don't have attorneys, accountants, or compliance departments to learn  and track all Federal regulations to make sure that they remain in  compliance. That is why it is imperative on the agencies themselves  that are setting the regulations to make sure that these regulations  are open, available, and as easy as possible to follow and understand.   I am proud to cosponsor this bill with Congressman Molinaro. This  bill will help small businesses stay in compliance with Federal  regulations by making compliance information from the Federal agencies  easier to locate.   Specifically, this bill requires that Federal agencies post guidance  on the Small Business Administration's Office of the National  Ombudsman's website for any rule that has a significant impact on a  small business. It seems pretty easy, doesn't it?   Now more than ever, as our Nation's small businesses are recovering  from a global pandemic and are dealing with widespread worker shortages  and rising inflation, it is our duty as lawmakers to take unnecessary  hurdles for small business owners out of the way, whether that is  increasing access to capital, ensuring access to technical assistance  for SBA programs, or making sure that Federal regulations are easy to  understand.   I am working hard in the Small Business Committee to keep Main Street  alive and thriving. It is great to partner with Congressman Molinaro in  that effort.   Before I close, let me say a few words about another bill on  suspension today, H.R. 4670, the Small Business Contracting  Transparency Act, by Representative Houlahan, of which I am an original  cosponsor and have been proud to help usher through the Small Business  Committee, where I serve as the ranking member on the Subcommittee on  Contracting and Infrastructure.   This bill would ensure that the SBA is acquiring up-to-date data on  where Federal procurement dollars are going. In addition, this data  will inform my committee's work to ensure that all small businesses are  able to compete in the Federal procurement space.   