 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Florida for her  leadership in the House of Representatives during this incredibly  sobering and trying moment.   When the Congressional Task Force on American Hostages and Americans  Wrongfully Detained Abroad was created, we never envisioned a moment  like the one that we found ourselves in on October 7.   As Americans, as Members of the House of Representatives, we don't  just call for the release of the American hostages in Gaza, but we call  for the release of all the hostages, for what took place on October 7  was an attack on innocent people. It was an attack on all of humanity,  an attack on those living freely and peacefully, going about their  daily business in free society.   They were attacked by terrorists. They were attacked by those who  seek to do evil. They were attacked because of what Israel means to the  world. That cannot stand.   Behind me is a picture of a woman, Karina Ariev, age 19, a  surveillance soldier who was taken captive on October 7 when Hamas  terrorists attacked the base at Nahal Oz, where she was stationed. Her  family is still eagerly waiting for her release, including her parents  and her 24-year-old sister, Sasha.   Sasha's plea for the return of her sister has been heard around the  world. As I join my colleagues this evening in bringing attention to  the individuals like Karina and the remaining hostages, it is  incredibly sobering.   Sasha's words, which I would like to read, about her beloved sister  are as follows:   ``She called us in the morning [of October 7], and she said that the  base had been raided and attacked. She basically called to tell us  good-bye. And so, if she won't live, she asked us to continue our life.  The last message was: `The terrorists, they are here.'  [[Page H6041]]    ``A few hours later, we identified her in a video. This was a video  that the terrorists took and then published on their Telegram channels.  This is our last confirmation that she is alive. She is alive on the  video, but we don't know what is going on now.   ``We know that they probably took her. She was in their jeep, with  other girls. We went to the police to show them the video and to say  that we identify my sister so they can do something.   ``The same evening, military officers came to our door, and they said  to us that my sister, Karina, is held in the hands of a terror  organization. From this moment, we do not know any other information.   ``We sit, watch TV, and hope for the best.''   She continues: ``She is all I have, you know. I love my parents and  all, but she is the one my heart belongs to. She is the only one I love  in this world and the only one I want to be with me. She always  comforts me.   ``Even [though] she is my little sister, I can always come to her,  and she will be logical with me and make me come together. She is very  lovely. She is very innocent. She is very childish, although she is now  a teenager. She likes to decorate her room. She likes stickers and the  fluffy dolls of the animals. She loves to paint. She loves cosmetics;  she is always doing my makeup. I do not understand anything about it.   ``I remember the day she was born because the gap between us is 5  years. I was in the hospital, and I saw her. All this life, since the  moment she was born till now, is just rolling in my head like a film.''   Hamas, release the hostages now. Bring Karina home to her family.   