 Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise  today to coanchor this CBC Special Order hour. It is the first of the  118th Congress and my first in this body.   We have a problem, America, a big problem. The problem is the rampant  disregard for Black life at the hands of law enforcement.   For too many years now we have seen snuff videos--death at the hands  of police--of our Black men and women and our Black boys and girls.  These videos become dissected, the victim in death is persecuted as a  way to justify excessive force, and it goes on and on and on.   The more this happens, the more desensitized we become, and as a  culture, we enter into a culture of deflection: deflecting  accountability, deflecting truth, and deflecting uncomfortable  conversations about the value of Black life.   Why are we always looking for the perfect victim in these  circumstances?   If they were perfect--if any of us were--they wouldn't be victims.  They also probably wouldn't be victims if they weren't Black.   We certainly spend a lot of time victim blaming, deflecting, and not  talking about the kind of public safety all of us should have and how  we reimagine it in a way that makes it safe for everyone.   It is sad to say but police shootings in Black communities have  become as American as baseball. In baseball, Mr. Speaker, you have  something called balk. Pitchers commit balks, and the lower the balk  number, the better your success.   In law enforcement we also have something called BALKS, although it  means something different. B, background; A, age; L, lethal force; K,  knowledge, S, seriousness of a crime. Once again, the lower the number  of deaths, the higher the use of BALKS, something American, something  we should be discussing.   How can we incorporate BALKS more deeply into our public safety  system so that all lives can be saved?   What we are seeing with these shootings is un-American. I would also  argue that it is unconstitutional because shootings like this are  equivalent to summary executions. Law enforcement has become judge,  jury, and executioner. Meanwhile, the 14th Amendment declares that we  all have a right to due process. But these shootings have stolen due  process from so many men and women in our Black communities.   These videos, once again, that we see, the images as horrific as they  are, have become symbols of today and what Black America has to  experience. The symbols of today become the reality of tomorrow, and  the recordings of these shootings are important because they keep us  honest. But they also become symbols of police brutality and police  violence. We have gotten used to these symbols, and that is a problem.   This is Black History Month, but, Mr. Speaker, you would be flawed in  thinking that the issue of police shootings and police violence is a  Black issue, or that it is not an issue because it is not happening in  your community. It is an American issue, and it must be addressed.   I think we should be talking more deeply about the George Floyd  Justice in Policing Act and how we reimagine law enforcement. When law  enforcement officers are trained to understand and take all of these  pieces into account, we see much better outcomes of police interaction.   Once again, I would just like to share some of the symbols that are  propelling us towards the values of tomorrow. George Floyd, Breonna  Taylor, Philando Castile--we must carry their memories with us as we  fight to address the epidemic of police violence.   We have an obligation to the family of Tyre Nichols who was beaten to  death in Memphis, to the family of Takar Smith who was shot seven times  by the LAPD while on his knees, to the family of Oscar Leon Sanchez  cornered and shot while suffering a mental  [[Page H701]]  health crisis, to the family of Anthony Lowe shot in the back multiple  times by LAPD--I might add a double amputee and someone living in a  wheelchair--and to the family of Keenan Anderson tased to death during  a routine traffic stop.    I am honored that Dominique Hamilton, Keenan's fiancee, will join me  tomorrow for the 2023 State of the Union Address. As one of the far too  many people impacted by police brutality in 2023 alone, her bravery  shines through.   I hope that we can all take inspiration from her and all of the  families of those killed at the hands of police this year. We must do  more to hold our law enforcement officers accountable and stop this  epidemic of State-sanctioned murder.    Mr. Speaker, I thank our chair for his commitment  and strength on this issue.   I yield to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. Moore).   