 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Foxx for chairing last  week's important hearing.   There is a reason that last week's hearing with the university  presidents of Harvard, Penn, and MIT made history as the most watched  congressional testimony in history with over 1 billion views. That is  because their testimony was the most morally bankrupt testimony in the  history of the United States Congress.   When asked the very specific question, ``Does calling for the  genocide of Jews violate [your] code of conduct when it comes to  bullying and harassment?'' the world watched and the world heard their  answers in horror as the president of Harvard, the now-former president  of Penn, and the president of MIT equivocated, dehumanized, and failed  to answer yes. Anyone with a sliver of decency, humanity, and morality  knows that the answer to that question is yes.   President Kornbluth of MIT said that such depravity would only be  considered harassment depending on the ``context.''   When pressed during her questioning, Penn's now-former President  Magill's response was shocking to the extreme: ``If the speech becomes  conduct, it can be harassment.''   Finally, Harvard President Gay's answer was the same: ``It depends on  the context.''   It was pathetic, amoral, and inhumane, and by God, the world heard  it. As I said in the hearing, it does not depend on the context.   As attacks against Jewish students have skyrocketed on campuses  across America, we clearly have tremendous work ahead of us, Mr.  Speaker, to address this rot of anti-Semitism that is now rooted in our  once-premier higher education institutions, and we will not be deterred  by this important work.   This is why I rise today in support of my bipartisan resolution  condemning the rise of anti-Semitism on university campuses around the  country and the morally bankrupt testimony of those university  presidents.    Mr. Speaker, it is only a first step, but it is an  important step. I commend my colleagues, Congressman Moskowitz,  Majority Leader Scalise, and Congressman Gottheimer, for joining to  lead this historically important, bipartisan effort to stand for moral  truth.   