 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   I rise, Mr. Chairman, in opposition to this legislation. The bill  that the majority put before us today grossly underfunds the Department  of the Interior. I will mention two areas: the Environmental Protection  Agency and the arts and humanities. The ranking member listed the  others.   Once again, the cuts the Republicans made to the appropriation bill  do not honor the funding levels that were negotiated by the White House  and the Republican leadership in the Fiscal Responsibility Act. A  promise was broken.   Over 35 percent of the reduction to the top line of this bill is  simply irresponsible. The bill claws back billions of dollars from the  historic Inflation Reduction Act trying to plug up the holes created by  the massive top line cuts.   This will damage the ability of the United States to respond to  climate change and help communities who are currently affected by it,  and we are affected by climate change in all of our districts.   As ranking member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I am  very aware that the DOD considers climate change to be a top national  security issue. Harming our country's ability to respond to this threat  will put us at a severe global disadvantage.   This bill's drastic cuts to the EPA and the Interior Department also  affect the life, health, and safety of all Americans. It will increase  risk to all people who rely on the EPA to safeguard their air and  water, to clean up harmful pollution, test for chemicals in their  products, and respond to emergencies.   There is one small, bright note in this bill, and I thank the chair  and the ranking member for continuing their work together to honor our  trust and treaty obligations to our Native American brothers and  sisters, but on the whole, the bill before us does not, in my opinion,  reflect the serious commitment to meet the needs of our constituents.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   Mr. Chair, I could come up with some tax cuts to repeal to pay for  the things I am asking for.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, the United States faces two immense national security  crises at one time: Russia's illegal and unjust invasion of Ukraine,  and Israel's military response to the barbaric Hamas attacks on October  7.   I commend President Biden for swiftly sending a comprehensive  emergency  [[Page H5301]]  funding request to Congress to address both crises.   The President's request provides Ukraine with security assistance  necessary to defend its democracy from Putin's invasion. The President  also addresses the broad scope of the crisis in Israel and Gaza.   Israel deserves security after the Hamas terrorists hunted down and  attacked children and families in their own homes, and right now,  innocent children and families in Gaza are in immediate danger and in  desperate need of humanitarian aid.   That is why it is unfortunate that a few fringe Republicans insisted  on bringing this bill to the floor, a bill that President Biden says he  will veto.   Why? Mr. Speaker, more than 300 bipartisan House Members voted and  supported Ukraine's fight for freedom along with the Senate and the  President, yet this bill eliminates urgently needed funding for  Ukraine, abandoning their democracy to Russian regression.   This bill has no humanitarian aid for the Palestinians in Gaza who  are suffering without access to food, water, and even safe shelter.   Mr. Speaker, for the security of both the Palestinians and Israeli  families, the violence must stop, and all hostages must be released.   We must work with the United Nations and regional partners on a  cease-fire that holds every party accountable. Until then, declared  safe areas must be truly safe for civilians fleeing violence.   Finally, this bill ignores the bipartisan precedent of emergency  appropriation bills without an offset, and theirs is no offset. In  fact, the CBO says this bill would add to the deficit, cutting  enforcement for tax evasion.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''    Madam Chair, I rise to oppose this amendment.    Madam Chair, this is another policy rider designed to  block the EPA from doing its work to protect our air, our water, and  public health. I know my constituents. They look to me to make good  decisions because they want to have clean water to drink, to cook, and  to bathe in, and the EPA working alongside the Minnesota Pollution  Control Agency ensures that we have the best water quality standards  around.   So, Madam Chair, on behalf of the Fourth District of Minnesota, I  oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to this  amendment.    Madam Chair, ecosystems are in distress, and they are  declining globally at rates we couldn't even have imagined. Human  history will have more than 1 million species directly currently  threatened with extinction within many decades. It will happen within  some of our lifetimes.   This amendment seeks to legislate species rather than providing  species with the protections that are afforded under the Endangered  Species Act. The species live somewhere. The Endangered Species Act  protects the habitat.   Madam Chair, think of the bald eagle and what we did to protect that,  and how proud we all are of what we did to protect that. Those were  other Members of Congress. Now we have the responsibility to do the  same thing for the next generation.   This law would also potentially increase litigation regarding the  government's responsibility to implement the statutory requirements  under the Endangered Species Act. So that means more litigation and  more taxpayers' dollars spent in litigation.   The best available science and commercial information, not politics,  should determine whether a species is listed, threatened, or  endangered. This amendment circumvents the rigorous process that is put  in place to make those scientific determinations as well as the role of  public input. There is public input that goes into this.   The primary factor influencing the viability of the Texas kangaroo  rat is loss of its habitat largely related to historical land use  changes. Human activities threaten to diminish animal habitats. They  pollute nature. They accelerate global warming which is driving species  to extinction and creating more unhealthy ecosystems. When we lose a  species it impacts and reverberates throughout our ecosystem and we all  suffer because our economy, our public health, livelihoods, food  security, and quality of life all depend upon ecosystems working  together.   Defunding the service's ability to list a species would work against  the clear intent of the Endangered Species Act and would, as I said  before, cause more litigation by outside groups, not less, but more  litigation costing taxpayers more money.   Most importantly, Madam Chair, it would also undercut the service's  ability to work collaboratively with Tribes who seek help on ecosystem  protection, other Federal agencies, States, and local communities, and  landowners who wish and want to work cooperatively to conserve species.    So, Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment and to  protect vulnerable species so that future generations can benefit from  a world with healthy ecosystems and robust biodiversity just as  previous generations did for us, and the best example is the American  bald eagle.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I claim time in opposition to the  amendment.    Madam Chair, this is just another more controversial  poison pill rider that sadly shows some of the extremes that  Republicans will go to.   Now, we need to be interested in laws that can gain bipartisan  support and become law because people want us to work together and move  forward. The draconian cuts proposed in this bill violate the agreement  that was reached by Speaker McCarthy and President Biden that were  memorialized in Public Law 118-5, the Fiscal Responsibility Act of  2023. I voted for that in good faith and thought we, as a Congress,  were going to honor that commitment to those spending levels.   Now that I have said that, I want to get back to the amendment. In  accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act and the Federal  Land Policy and Management Act of 1976, the BLM drafted a proposed  draft resource management plan, an environmental impact statement that  is currently open for a 90-day comment period. The public has been  asked to comment. Your constituents can comment, and we have asked them  to do that. This amendment would prohibit the BLM from providing an  updated, comprehensive, and environmentally adequate framework for  managing the uses of its public lands and resources.   We are here to protect the overall welfare of the American public and  to preserve our lands and resources for future generations.  Unfortunately, this would be disregarding the law and trying to  circumvent the rigorous process that is in place to update the  management plans to better address larger, higher intensity wildland  fires, for example, something I know the gentleman and I have both  worked on and both agree that we need to do so much more on to protect  our public lands from wildland fires and private lands from it as well.   This amendment nullifies that public comment I was talking about  before, 90 days public comment. We have invited the public in to make  comments. We are currently collecting them. This amendment would say,  you know, we asked you to comment, but we are just going to totally  disregard it. We are not going to even look at it.    I believe we cannot close our eyes to the impacts of climate change  we are experiencing. Our economy, our health, our livelihoods, food  security, and quality of life all depend on healthy ecosystems and so  does reducing and suppressing wildland fires, for example.   I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment and focus instead on  work we can do together to address climate change and together being  good stewards of our public lands and resources for the benefit of  future generations.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this  amendment.    Madam Chair, I know the gentleman doesn't see it this  way, but I see this amendment as petty and punitive--the EPA and  environmental justice. I live in a corridor, it is called I-94, and  there was a thriving African-American community there. Absolutely  thriving--undertakers, dentists, doctors, dry cleaners, grocery stores.  It was an amazing place. However, it was the place of the least  political resistance to put a highway through rather than over by the  cathedral, which got a different speed limit and some other things that  happened, or the mansions on Summit Avenue hill just a couple blocks  away.   Snelling Avenue in my district has some of the worst air quality for  the homes that are located around there because of the freeway. I can  give example after example, and I just used transportation, but I can  use other things.   I grew up in South St. Paul, a river town with a meatpacking plant.  Swift Armour could just throw their waste right into the Mississippi  River. The State of Wisconsin sued us not only for that waste but for  the waste of our municipal waste plant that was there. That was in the  poorest neighborhood around between Dakota and Washington County.   You can say it is about race, but it is about people who were taken  advantage of because it was the most expedient thing to do. Now the  Biden administration and other administrations have said, you know  what, we have a responsibility to clean that up. We have a  responsibility to do better, and that is a role that the environmental  pollution control agency should be involved in because the water, the  air, and the soil in many of these places is not anyplace where we  would make an investment or where you would want to buy something.   I understand the gentleman has his viewpoint on what is going on. I  just want you to hear from myself and on behalf of my constituents who  are working to rectify a wrong. We are doing it in a positive way that  moves forward; that is not dividing our communities, but it is uniting  our communities. I don't think when we are mad at something or a policy  that we should be going after individual public servants.   I would like to move forward, Madam Chair, and negotiate with the  Senate a bill to fund the government and to move the EPA forward so we  have clean air, clean water, and we protect our soil.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.  [[Page H5333]]     Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Chair, I am a little confused. I serve on this  committee, and one of the debates that we had when we were doing the  markup--and the Chair probably remembers--is how, in the base bill, all  the money that he is talking about was stripped out. It is gone. We  couldn't find offsets to put it back in, but it is gone. The money that  the gentleman is referring to is gone.   Madam Chair, $1.4 billion was taken from EJ in the Inflation  Reduction Act. It was taken away, so it is gone.   However, just getting into what we tried to do, Democrats did try to  make historic investments in environmental justice, and the EPA has  been able to put some of those dollars to use.   As I said, there is no EJ funding. There is zero in the base bill. It  is unfortunate because I think environmental justice, as I said  earlier, makes sure that everybody gets the same degree of protection  from environmental health hazards.   Our rural communities and the community that I grew up in, which is  an older suburb but at the time was very rural, were targeted by  corporations, regulatory agencies, and local planning boards because  the land was cheap and had been polluted. Then, they just kept siting  more pollution around it like landfills or a waste transfer station.  They thought it was a good place to put an incinerator, a garbage dump.   The amount of concentration of pollution in some of these areas is  really mind-boggling because the mindset is that because it is already  polluted, we can just put a little more there.   I know my colleague mentioned that he is a doctor, so I know he knows  that when someone is exposed to a lot of chemicals, when someone is  exposed to a lot of toxins, they have higher health disparities and  shorter lifespans. That is all documented. In these populations, there  are higher cancer rates.   As I said, the money is gone, unfortunately. I hope we can work with  the Senate to put some things back, but I want my colleagues to just  think for a minute that some of these communities started out with one  waste facility or one toxic plant and then another one and another one  and another one came. House values went down, and pretty soon, no one  wanted to live there. In my case, in my community, it was right on the  Mississippi River.   Like I said, I am a little confused by talking about the funding in  this bill that no longer exists, and I am going to reserve the balance  of my time because I think, Madam Chair, Members of this House know how  I feel about this. I strongly oppose this amendment.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Chair, here we go again. We are attacking the  salary of a person who is doing their job, Mr. Li.   Mr. Li has a really important job. Mr. Li's job is to regulate  pesticides. Pesticides can be toxic. One of the things that got me  involved in politics back when I served on the natural resources and  agriculture subcommittee in the State of Minnesota was all the reading  that we were doing about the accumulation of pesticides on food that  children were ingesting because all the studies had been done for  pesticides on an adult healthy male and how it could affect their  development.   The more I learned about pesticides--and they are important. They are  an important tool for our agriculture. We feed the world. We feed our  folks here. If a pesticide isn't regulated--and I don't have the names  right in front of me. Madam Chair, I will get them submitted for the  record. Some of them are water-soluble.   We learned a lot about how pesticide companies would come in and  target local farmers to have them use this pesticide, saying it was  great, but it didn't break down in water. It would get into well water.  It would get into streams. It would do terrible things to the ecosystem  and streams.   In Minnesota, our farmers didn't want that, but they weren't  scientists on a lot of that, so who do they turn to? They turned to  scientific experts to do the due diligence, to check these pesticides  out so when and if they are used, they are used properly so they do no  harm. They only do good.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment and to  support the EPA in its work to protect our public health and  environment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to this  amendment.    We are now only 15 days away from a government  shutdown, and instead of focusing on keeping the government open, we  are working on a bill that is going nowhere.   The draconian cuts that I talked about earlier in this bill violate  the agreement reached by former Speaker McCarthy and President Biden  that were memorialized in statute and Public Law 118-5, the Fiscal  Responsibility Act of 2023.   We would not be teetering on the brink of a government shutdown if my  [[Page H5335]]  Republican colleagues had upheld their end of the bargain and funded at  the levels we had agreed to and there was a vote that I did take in  this body, so I feel I had a vested interest in thinking that we were  going to honor that agreement.   We are here to protect the welfare of the American people, and we  cannot close our eyes to the impacts of climate change, drought,  flooding, severe storms, wildfires events that we are experiencing.   As of October 10, the United States has experienced 24 confirmed  weather/climate disaster events with losses exceeding $1 billion each.  This is a new record.   I could talk about the money that the Department of Defense, in the  billions of dollars, is having to spend to make buildings resilient and  to try to prevent buildings from collapsing due to these extreme  weather events.   The Department of Defense sees climate change--the Department of  Defense sees climate change, I want to stress this--as a national  security issue. The Department of Defense invests in solar, and the EPA  should not walk away from it.   When we have solar available, it is something that is a strategy that  will help us in preventing the acceleration of climate change, instead  of paying billions of dollars in disaster relief. I don't think that is  what is best for the American taxpayer.   Our economy, our health, our livelihoods, our food security, our  quality of life all depend on how the planet is a healthy ecosystem and  doing what we can to mitigate climate change.   I state again that we have been working to bring wind and solar and  bring the costs down, and many States, including Texas, are embracing a  lot of this, and a lot of small businesses are coming forward.   I agree with my colleague on the other side of the aisle. I don't  want to be purchasing solar panels from China. I want to manufacture  them right here in the United States as part of a full energy embrace  mix.   I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment and focus instead on  addressing climate change, making our Nation stronger, and agreeing  with the Department of Defense that climate change is a national  security issue.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   