 Mr. President, I rise today to ask the Senate to confirm  Ron Keohane to be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Manpower and  Reserve Affairs.   In this role, Mr. Keohane will be the principal adviser to the  Secretary of Defense on all matters relating to the civilian and  military personnel policies. He is extremely well-qualified for this  role, previously serving as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense  for Military Community and Family Policy.   We need someone with Mr. Keohane's sense of experience to oversee and  develop policies to support our servicemembers and their families, as  well as to oversee our DOD schools. Strong leadership is also essential  to address our military recruiting crisis.   I recently held a hearing in my subcommittee, which the Senator from  North Carolina attended, that identified a long list of areas where our  military services can continue to step up to inspire more young people  to serve. They need someone like Mr. Keohane to make sure that the  services actually follow through.   No one is disputing Mr. Keohane's qualifications. The Senate Armed  Services Committee voted unanimously to advance his nomination. The  only reason that Mr. Keohane's nomination has not already been approved  is because  [[Page S5977]]  the Senator from North Carolina is willing to play politics with our  national defense.   As we all know by now, the Senator from North Carolina disagrees with  the Department of Defense's policy to help members of the military and  their families access healthcare, specifically reproductive healthcare.  Republican Senators claim they wanted a vote on DOD's policy on  abortion; but just this week, they lost a vote to move forward toward  overturning that policy. So if they can't get it on a straight-up vote,  they are now blocking Mr. Keohane out of spite.   Last week, after months of undermining our national security, the  Senator from Alabama backed down with nothing to show for his nearly  yearlong blockade of promotions for hundreds of senior military  officials--nothing to show, that is, except for the long-term damage he  inflicted on our military personnel, on their families, and on our  military readiness.   So now the Senator from North Carolina is stopping well-qualified  nominees. He has no specific objection to this nominee. In fact, the  Senator serves on the Senate Armed Services Committee that unanimously  advanced Mr. Keohane's nomination. But the Senator from North Carolina  now blocks the confirmation of Mr. Keohane.   We need leaders at the Department of Defense. Blocking these  confirmations is corrosive to our national security.   Our Nation cannot continue to hold key national security officials  hostage. We must put the safety and well-being of our servicemembers  first. Our greatest strength as a nation is our people, and we need a  confirmed leader like Mr. Keohane to make sure that our servicemembers  have everything they need to succeed.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nomination: Calendar No. 109, Ronald T. Keohane, of New York,  to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense; that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; and that, if  confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table, and the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action.    Mr. President, I think what the Senator from North  Carolina has just said is he doesn't like the abortion policy that the  Department of Defense has adopted.   He is right. It is a new policy. It is a policy that was made  necessary because an extremist Supreme Court overruled Roe v. Wade with  the Dobbs opinion and forced the military to have to decide how to deal  with access to healthcare, access to abortions for people who were now  involuntarily stationed in States where that care was no longer  available.   The Senator, and all of the Republicans, were offered a vote on the  Department of Defense's policy. And we voted just this week on a  measure that would move toward that vote. And it failed. In other  words, the Republicans who oppose this policy simply don't have the  votes.   So instead of yielding to the will of the majority and letting this  policy go through without a problem, instead, they play politics with  the people who are trying to serve our Nation.   That Mr. Keohane gets caught in this--someone who is willing to serve  our Nation and, most importantly, right now, to help our servicemembers  live their best opportunities in the military at a time when we are  having recruiting challenges, is just putting politics ahead of the  defense of the United States; it is putting politics ahead of our  servicemembers and putting politics ahead of our servicemembers'  families.   I think this is fundamentally wrong. They had a vote; they lost; they  don't like it; and they are holding Mr. Keohane just out of spite.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   