 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H. Con. Res. 15, which  authorizes the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 42nd Annual National  Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe  Band Exhibition.   As the ranking member of the subcommittee that oversees our public  buildings, it is my honor to carry this resolution alongside  subcommittee chair, Mr. Perry.   The memorial service, which will be held on May 15, will be  coordinated with the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police,  and it will honor 557 officers whose names will be added to the  memorial, including 9 from Nevada.   The memorial will also continue to recognize the sacrifice of law  enforcement during the pandemic as they served among the millions of  frontline and essential workers who day in and day out risked their  lives and their families' safety to keep us safe while we slowed the  spread of that deadly virus.   We cannot bring back those that we have lost, but we can honor the  sacrifice they made to keep ourselves, our loved ones, and our  communities safe.   I note the officers from southern Nevada who made the ultimate  sacrifice: Bailiff Gerald ``Bear'' Smith served in the Pahrump Justice  Court since 2009, and he is remembered for his constant compassion and  going out of his way to do anything he could to help the people of  Pahrump.   Bailiff Smith passed away on January 18, 2021, from complications as  a result of contracting COVID in the line of duty.   Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Officer Closi, Philip Closi,  who served in the department for 21 years, including working closely  with local students as part of the DARE program. He previously served  as a firefighter and paramedic.   Officer Closi passed away on August 11, 2021, from complications,  again, as a result of contracting COVID in the line of duty.   Sergeant Douglas King served 17 years in the Las Vegas Metropolitan  Police Department and prior to his death was set to receive the  department's Medal of Honor for placing himself in danger to save the  life of a domestic violence victim.   On August 23, 2021, Sergeant King passed away from complications as a  result of contracting COVID in the line of duty.   Senior Federal Air Marshal Shawn Hennessee was a member of the  Federal  [[Page H1446]]  Air Marshal Service for nearly 19 years and spent an additional 13  years serving in the U.S. Air Force.   Based out of the Las Vegas field office, he dedicated his life to  protecting passengers and crew from threats to their safety in the  skies.   Federal Air Marshal Hennessee passed away on August 26, 2021, from  complications as a result of contracting COVID in the line of duty.   Police Officer Edward Contreras served the Las Vegas Metropolitan  Police Department for over 15 years, in addition to his service in the  U.S. Marine Corps where he was deployed to both Somalia and Iraq.   Officer Contreras passed away on September 28, 2021, from  complications as a result of contracting COVID in the line of duty.   Special U.S. Deputy Marshal Jose Gomez was a United States Marine  Corps Reserve veteran who served with the United States Marshals  Service for 22 years.   While serving at the Lloyd D. George Courthouse in Las Vegas, Special  Deputy Gomez contracted COVID-19 in the line of duty and passed away on  February 6, 2022.   This was a cruel disease that took away many of our very brave  frontline law enforcement and emergency responders.   Detective Justin Terry humbly served in the Las Vegas Metropolitan  Police Department for nearly 21 years and was committed to protecting  children in the community from sexual assault and abuse.    A sworn task force officer with the U.S. Marshals Office, Detective  Terry passed away on June 10, 2022, after a tragic accident in the  northwest valley.   Police Officer Truong Thai was proud to be a Vietnamese-American  officer in Las Vegas. A 23-year veteran of the Las Vegas Metropolitan  Police Department, he dedicated his time on patrol and served in the  financial crimes unit and mentored countless new recruits.   On October 13, 2022, Officer Thai was shot and killed while  responding to a domestic disturbance call.   My condolences are with the families and loved ones of these brave  public servants and all of those who are mourning the loss of the 557  courageous men and women whose duty and sacrifice will be commemorated  at this year's memorial.   I urge the House to join me in supporting this tribute to our fallen  law officers. It is the least that we can do.   Mr. Speaker, I will close by saying that this is a very fitting thing  for us to do here on the Capitol Grounds, and I hope that all our  colleagues will join Mr. Perry and me in voting in favor of this  memorial service.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   