 Mr. President, May is Asian American, Native Hawaiian,  and Pacific Islander Heritage Month.   This month is an opportunity to celebrate the many contributions of  AANHPI communities and the critical role we have played throughout our  Nation's history.   From trailblazers like Patsy Mink and Anna May Wong to our own Vice  President Harris, members of our community have long been leaders in  government, science, business, the arts, and more. But while we  celebrate our community, this month is also a reminder of how much work  remains to advance equality and equity for our community.    The AANHPI community has long been the target of racism and  discrimination in this country. Among other challenges, our communities  are still combating anti-Asian violence, suffering from health  disparities, and experiencing sex trafficking and violence at alarming  rates.   The AANHPI community is the fastest growing demographic group in the  United States. In the past 20 years alone, the number of Asian  Americans in the United States has nearly doubled.   But we are not a monolith. AANHPI communities come from dozens of  countries and speak countless languages. The diversity makes our  community and our country stronger. That is why, in a moment, I will  seek unanimous consent to pass a resolution recognizing AANHPI Heritage  Month.   This resolution highlights many of the leaders of our community  throughout history and some of the triumphs and challenges we have  faced throughout the years. It affirms the important  [[Page S1728]]  role our communities continue to play in the story of our Nation and  has bipartisan support.   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration and the  Senate now proceed to S. Res. 209.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to;  that the Hirono amendment at the desk to the preamble be agreed to;  that the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and that the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.   