 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I rise  today to implore my colleagues to pass a national security supplemental  in line with what Senator Shaheen, the great Senator from New  Hampshire, just outlined: yes, to stand up to the Hamas terrorists but  also to stand up for an open and free Indo-Pacific, to stand up for  humanitarian aid, and to stand up to Vladimir Putin and his barbaric  invasion of our ally Ukraine.   That is what I am going to focus on today because I have seen many of  our colleagues on both side of the aisle standing proudly with  President Zelenskyy. The rhetoric of standing up for democracy has to  be matched by what happens in this bill. Just as Putin has shown his  true colors--intentionally bombing apartment buildings, capturing  cities, and slaughtering innocents, abducting Ukrainian children--the  Ukrainian people have shown theirs in bright blue and yellow against  all odds.   Since the invasion last February, Ukraine has reclaimed 50 percent of  the territory that Russia unlawfully seized from them.   As the Ukrainians advance, Putin--what has happened? He tried to  capture Kyiv, but he failed. He tried to wipe Ukraine off the map, but  he failed. He tried to drive a wedge between the United States and our  allies, but he failed. He tried to topple the Ukrainian Government, but  he failed.   Putin tried to break the Ukrainian spirit, but he has made it  stronger. He tried to break NATO, but NATO added member states.   Our Ukrainian allies have persevered against all odds. When Putin  tried to weaponize winter, Ukraine kept the lights on. When he tried to  stop them from producing and selling grain, Ukraine found a way  forward.   In his visit to Washington, DC, in September, President Zelenskyy  made it clear: Ukraine as we know it depends on the support of its  allies--not just the United States but countries in Europe, countries  like South Korea, countries like Japan. To abandon our allies now would  be a dereliction of duty.   We will not abandon our allies. As Americans, we believe in  government based on the principles of democracy and decency at home and  abroad. After World War II, we made it clear that big countries can't  invade little countries. Our fight is not only a fight for Ukraine; it  is a fight for protecting democracy across the globe.   As President Zelenskyy said at the U.N. earlier this year, if we  allow Ukraine to be carved up, is the independence of any nation  secure?   We know what Putin has done--bombed hospitals, schools, apartment  buildings; continues to weaponize food and energy. We cannot let our  Ukrainian allies succumb because the United States just decided, eh, we  said we were going to do this before, but now, we don't think so. That  is not standing up for democracy. As my colleagues have so well pointed  out, other tyrants in the world are watching. They are watching to see  if we keep our covenants. They are watching to see if we keep our word.   We know what is happening in Ukraine--ballerinas putting on camo and  going to the frontlines; exhausted workers at the biggest nuclear  powerplant in Europe trying to protect not only Ukraine but all of  Europe from a nuclear disaster; the cellist playing melodies in the  bombed-out remnants of a town square to remind people that despite  Vladimir Putin's worst efforts, culture and humanity are there in  Ukraine and are not going away--as we saw the head of the museum in  Odesa remind us this week--despite the bombing.   As President Zelenskyy has said, ``There is not a soul in Ukraine  that does not feel gratitude to you, America.''   When Rob Portman and I visited Kyiv this last August, what did we  hear a year ago? We heard ``Thank you for the HIMARS'' on a bag of  takeout food to the U.S. Embassy. We heard that was a name they were  naming their kids--``Himar.'' They know what we have done. They need us  now.   As Congress continues to negotiate the budget, we must find a way  forward on Ukraine. As Senator McConnell reaffirmed, ``Think of it as  an axis of evil: China, Russia and Iran. So this is not just a test for  Ukraine,'' I say to my colleagues who are focused on national security.  ``It is a test for the United States and for the free world''--yes, an  opportunity to secure our own borders but also an opportunity to secure  the borders of our allies' democracies.   Remember the three words that Zelenskyy uttered on that first day  when everyone had counted him out? He went to the street corner--just a  few people around him--when everyone thought Russia was just going to  take them out, and he said three words: ``We are here.''   ``We are here.''   That is what we have to do right now in this Chamber. We cannot send  the message ``We are not here'' or ``We were there before, but we are  not here right now.'' We are here.   I yield the floor, and I turn it over to my colleague from the great  State of Delaware.   