 Mr. Chair, I thank Congressman Quigley very much for his  leadership on the Subcommittee of Appropriations for T-HUD.   Let me just remind everyone that the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr.  Cole), my friend on the opposite side of the aisle, voted against the  infrastructure bill. I just want everybody to know that.   I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4820, which is among the worst-- if not the worst--housing appropriations bill that has ever come to the  House floor. This bill would exacerbate the affordable housing crisis  by slashing the Federal housing budget by nearly 30 percent.   What is more concerning is the human cost of such draconian cuts.  Specifically, these cuts would result in at least 15,000 families  losing rental assistance, 20,000 affordable homes lost from the supply  pipeline, and 78,000  [[Page H5424]]  children put at risk of in-home lead hazards.   Mr. Chair, our children, families, and communities cannot afford such  devastating costs. If we want to talk about dollars, research shows  that cutting funding for homelessness and lead abatement costs  taxpayers more due to increased cost of our healthcare, education, and  criminal justice systems.   Further, housing is a primary driver of inflation. This bill will  only cause housing costs and inflation to rise even more.   It is unconscionable that as we enter the colder holiday season,  Republicans would rather evict families than simply fund housing  programs at the levels needed to support current families receiving  assistance. Indeed, 600,000 people are already homeless in the United  States. Home prices have skyrocketed by 45 percent since 2020. Over 35  million people experienced rent hikes in the last year, and an alarming  4 million households are now on the brink of eviction or foreclosure.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. I just continue  by saying the Trump tax cuts for the rich cost $4 trillion. They are  conservative when they want to be, but when we are needing housing  opportunities for the least of these in this country, they cannot  afford to be charitable and take care of the people of this country who  need safe and secure housing.   