 Mr. President, bottom line: This is unnecessary. There  are robust existing coordination mechanisms among the IGs to ensure  comprehensive oversight, provisions in the committee-passed NDAA to  assist the DOD IG with enhanced hiring authorities, and $27 million in  dedicated funding for oversight for each of the three IGs from DOD,  State, and USAID.   The provision also includes a requirement that the lead inspector  general complete a briefing to any Member of Congress within 15 days of  request. This almost certainly ensures that the LIG will spend their  time scheduling and briefing Members of Congress, not conducting  oversight.   Lastly, as drafted, the $10 million authorization of appropriations  is nonviable funding, and the offset is not valid as neither element  includes a funding account for money to go to or from. So this is  entirely hollow budget authority.    With that, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment.  [[Page S3588]]     Mr. President, I join my colleagues today in  expressing my great disappointment in my colleague from Alabama and his  continuing hold on military promotions. He has argued--and I have seen  him say this several times--that he is not affecting military readiness  and that a hold on the promotions of senior officers does not hurt our  national security, and, if it did hurt our military  [[Page S3594]]  readiness, that he would certainly stop the hold.   So I am here to tell you about six different jobs and the individuals  nominated to those particular positions, and for people to decide  whether or not they think that having these positions go unfilled with  a confirmed officer is jeopardizing our military readiness.   The first position is at the Army Space and Missile Defense Command.  This is the Army's force modernization proponent and operational  integrator for global space, missile defense, and high-altitude  capabilities. It sits at the nexus of integrated deterrence between  U.S. Space Command, U.S. Strategic Command, and U.S. Northern Command-- a pretty important job I would think.   To fill the position, the President has nominated MG Sean A. Gainey  to be a lieutenant general in the U.S. Army and a commanding general of  the U.S. Space and Missile Defense Command. Major General Gainey has  served for 33 years and has moved some 15 times in those years of  service. He is a graduate from the Georgia Southern University ROTC  Program. In those 33 years of service, he has earned the Distinguished  Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit with one bronze oakleaf  cluster, and the Bronze Star. He currently serves as Director of the  Counter-Unmanned Aircraft Systems Office, Director of Fires, Office of  the Deputy Chief of Staff, G-3/5/7, U.S. Army, Washington, DC.   I think the U.S. Space and Missile Defense Command is a pretty  important job and pretty relevant to our national security.   A second position that is being left unfilled with a confirmed  nominee is that of Deputy Chief of Staff, G-4, U.S. Army, head of Army  Logistics.   We have been talking at length about logistics in a contested  environment, especially in the Indo-Pacific region. The Army G-4  develops, implements, and oversees Army strategy, policy, plans, and  programming for logistics and sustainment to enable total Army  readiness today and a force modernized for the future.   To fill the position of the Deputy Chief of Staff, G-4, Army  Logistics is MG Heidi Hoyle. Major General Hoyle graduated from the  West Point Military Academy and embarked on a 29-year career spanning  20 different assignments, including her position as the Director of  Operations within the office of the Army G-4, as well as numerous  combat deployments. She has been awarded the Legion of Merit with two  bronze oakleaf clusters, the Bronze Star Medal with one bronze oakleaf  cluster, and the Defense Meritorious Service Medal. She is more than  qualified to fill this position, and the position needs her in it.   Another position that is going unfilled with a confirmed officer is  to be filled by BG Laurence Linton to be a major general in the U.S.  Army Reserve. Brigadier General Linton is currently serving as Deputy  Commanding General-Support, 88th Readiness Division at Fort Snelling,  MN. Brigadier General Linton graduated from the State University of New  York ROTC Program and began a 31-year career of service that included  24 different duty assignments, notably deploying to Haiti, Bosnia, and  Kuwait. General Linton served most recently as Chief of Staff of  Operation Warp Speed, the critical effort to accelerate COVID-19  vaccination development. General Linton has been awarded the Legion of  Merit, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, and the Meritorious  Service Medal with silver oakleaf cluster and one bronze oakleaf  cluster. I cannot think of someone more deserving of this promotion.    The President has also nominated BG Stacy M. Babcock to be a major  general in the U.S. Army Reserve. Most recently, General Babcock served  as the Deputy Commanding General, U.S. Army Human Resources Command at  Fort Knox, KY. He graduated from the Rochester Institute of Technology  ROTC Program in 1991 and has now served 32 years, a career spanning 25  different assignments, including a deployment to Bosnia and three  separate deployments to Iraq. General Babcock has been awarded the  Legion of Merit and the Bronze Star.   The President has also nominated COL Peggy McManus to be a brigadier  general in the Army Reserve. Colonel McManus serves as the Deputy  Director, Senior Policy Board Advisor, Office of the Deputy Chief of  Staff, G-1, Washington, DC. Colonel McManus was commissioned in 1992  via ROTC and has now served 31 years, a career spanning 20 different  assignments, including a combat tour to Iraq. Colonel McManus has been  awarded the Meritorious Service Medal with one silver and one bronze  oakleaf cluster.   The President has also nominated Maj. Gen. Andrew J. Gebara to be  lieutenant general in the U.S. Air Force and Deputy Chief of Staff for  Strategic Deterrence and Nuclear Integration, Headquarters U.S. Air  Force.   Do you think that not having a confirmed officer appointed to the  Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Deterrence and Nuclear Integration  is not hurting our military readiness? Of course, it is.   Major General Gebara would be responsible to the Secretary of the Air  Force and Chief of Staff of the Air Force for Nuclear Deterrence  Operations. He would provide direction, guidance, integration, and  advocacy regarding the nuclear deterrence mission of the U.S. Air Force  and engage with joint and interagency partners for nuclear enterprise  solutions--only if Senator Tuberville would allow him to take up this  position.   And, finally, I want to talk to you and read to you the background of  MG Robert M. Collins, who is nominated to be a lieutenant general in  the U.S. Army and Military Deputy-Director of the Army Acquisition  Corps, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition,  Logistics, and Technology. If confirmed, General Collins would be the  senior military adviser in Army acquisition matters. This is at a time  of critical modernization by the Army. I know very well the Future  Vertical Lift Program, and it is critical that we have a capable  officer in this position. He is currently serving as Deputy for  Acquisition and Systems Management. He graduated in 1992 from the  Shippensburg University ROTC Program. He has now served 31 years in  uniform, spanning 21 different assignments. We need this officer in his  job, in this position.   These are just a handful of individuals I am reading today. In which  one of these positions does my colleague from Alabama think military  readiness is not being affected, being left unfilled?   All I can say is, Senator Tuberville, please reconsider. You are  indeed putting our national security, our military readiness in  jeopardy by continuing this hold.   I yield the floor.   