 Madam President, I just returned from a mission to the  Middle East, where I had the unique opportunity to lead a bipartisan  delegation to the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Jordan, and Israel. We  had planned this visit long before the heinous attacks by Iran-backed  Hamas, with the goal of strengthening the Abraham Accords and our  relationships in the region.   In the UAE, I led a discussion with their Crown Prince and President  about increasing cooperation between our two countries to further  security, peace, and prosperity. I left feeling more determined than  ever to intensify our efforts to advance growth across the Middle East  and beyond.   In Saudi Arabia, I met with Muhammed bin Salman, the Crown Prince and  Prime Minister of the Kingdom. During this visit, we discussed the  prospect of an Israeli-Saudi peace deal to further the dream of a  thriving and integrated Middle East.   The delegation left that very meeting optimistic that the Crown  Prince was dedicated and committed to this dream--a dream, for many of  us, like myself, who served in the region after 9/11, a dream that was  rocked the next morning when we heard the news that Israel was at war  once again.   At this moment, there was no question what my bipartisan delegation  needed to do. It was our job to ensure our ally Israel understood  clearly that America is and will always stand shoulder to shoulder with  her.   Our delegation was briefed at the highest levels as we completed our  visit in Saudi at the Prince Sultan Air Base, where we witnessed  integrated air and missile defense systems in action, something my  bipartisan DEFEND Act helped to ensure.   We continued into Bahrain the next morning to meet with the Crown  Prince and Prime Minister. Once again, a meeting that was intended to  be another step on the path to regional security took a very different  turn. The Crown Prince provided his insight into the current situation  in Israel and his assessment of the causes and potential scale of the  conflict. He also spoke of a peaceful future and highlighted the  longstanding relations between Bahrain and America, noting the history  of bilateral ties and his commitment to achieving mutual aspirations.   Our final stops in Bahrain included the U.S. Naval Support Activity  and Task Force 59, which integrates unmanned systems and artificial  intelligence to help ensure maritime security and to deter Iran's  illegal activities in the Gulf.   The situation in Israel continued to degrade, and I made the decision  that we were ultimately going to accomplish what we set out to achieve.  Despite all attempts to stop us, I led our bipartisan delegation to  Jordan in preparation for a cross-border drive into Israel.   Upon our previously unscheduled arrival, we met with His Majesty King  Abdallah II of Jordan, where he painted a dire picture of regional  escalation and the need for stability in the West Bank. He was open and  honest about his concern that Iran would capitalize on the chaos by  using their other proxies to further escalate the conflict. He  discussed the tensions within Jordan and the need for the United States  to once again lead and establish peace through strength.   The King's clear-eyed insight into the savage nature of Iran-backed  Hamas was chilling, and his concern for escalation was felt by every  member of our delegation.   It was clear that what we were about to walk into was chaotic and  uncertain and not for the faint of heart. But, in unity, our bipartisan  delegation pressed on, and on October 10, we set foot in Israel.   We first met with Eli Cohen, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, and  received an update on the war. Here, we heard, for the first time, the  true nature of the atrocities that the Hamas savages were conducting-- rape, beheadings, dragging bloody bodies into the streets--and among  those dead were American citizens. The Israeli Foreign Minister made it  very clear that the threat Hamas poses to civilization is no less than  what the United States faced with ISIS in Iraq, where I served, and in  Syria, and I couldn't agree more. These terrorists are monsters, and  they deserve nothing short of destruction.    We then spoke with the family of Chaim Peri, an 80-year-old peace  activist and father of five who was kidnapped from his home during the  invasion. We heard firsthand accounts of the inhumanity of the attack:  the destruction of their home, the violence his family endured, and,  ultimately, that one of his sons was murdered in defending the family.   Shaken but not deterred, the delegation carried on to Tel Aviv, where  we met with Opposition Leader Lapid, the Minister of Strategic Affairs  Ron Dermer, and, ultimately, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. We  heard increasingly graphic accounts of torture and mutilation of  civilians. We ultimately witnessed a nation that was and is truly in an  existential fight for survival against a psychopathic terrorist  organization whose stated goal is destruction of the State of Israel  and killing as many Jewish people as possible.   Let me tell you, there was no daylight between the political factions  in Israel on what needs to be done. The complete and total destruction  of Hamas is the greatest near-term priority for Israel. Reestablishing  deterrence against all others who seek the destruction of Israel is  critical.   I am here to say that, in these goals, the United States must not  waver in our commitment to our greatest ally in the Middle East. Now is  not the time for weak-kneed leadership and ongoing appeasement of the  world's leading state sponsor of terrorism that risks the lives of  Americans and our allies at  [[Page S5067]]  home and abroad and allows Hamas to wreak havoc in Israel.   Now is the time for strong American leadership, one that understands  the threat a war waged by Iran-backed proxies is to our own national  security here in the homeland. With Americans still being held hostage  by Hamas and the death toll of our fellow citizens continuing to rise,  this moment demands clarity from our elected officials. Not only today  but in the coming days and months, as Israel fights to secure their  most basic human right--the right to life--the United States must stand  resolute in our support.   May God bless the families who have lost a loved one, and may God  bless Israel as she defends herself from Hamas's brutal attacks.   I yield the floor.   