 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn Republicans'  attack on education. They want to ban teachers, books, and the  opportunity to learn history, and now, they want to ban relief for  students.   This resolution would block President Biden's debt forgiveness plan,  forcing everyone who took advantage of the pause in payments to pay  interest on every payment missed.   In addition, this plan would hit our valuable public servants the  hardest--those who took advantage of the Public Service Loan  Forgiveness Program, like nurses, firefighters, law enforcement, and  childcare providers.   If you want some real truth, Mr. Speaker, let's not get it twisted.  PPP was not a grant, yet some of my Republican colleagues literally  received millions in PPP loans. I don't see anyone rushing to pay those  back. Talk about unfair; the American people are paying those bills  that they didn't incur.   No, Republicans don't want to forgive anyone or anything except  themselves, and the American people deserve forgiveness.   This legislation will harm low- and middle-income families, including  20.6 million of Republicans' own constituents, but they won't say that.   American people, if you don't know, now you know.  [[Page H2570]]    Let's enact legislation that encourages affordable education and  economic mobility so that the American people can learn and earn.   Republicans, please get out of your and my constituents' way.   Mr. Speaker, I ask for a ``no'' vote on this.    Madam Chair, I rise today to strongly oppose the  Republicans' HALT Fentanyl Act. Republicans want to ban American  history so that they can repeat the bad parts.   Did we learn nothing from the war on drugs?   I guess not. Real talk was a huge failure. Back then we enacted  ineffective and punitive laws that only worked to expand mass  incarceration, mostly of Black and Brown folks.   This legislation will enact ineffective and punitive drug laws that  only work to expand mass incarceration.   Who will suffer?   Mostly Black and Brown folks. The data shows that all races are  facing challenges with fentanyl.   This legislation would put us on a dangerous path toward unjust and  disproportionate mandatory minimums for the possession of all fentanyl- related substances.   News flash: Research is still needed on possible and legal  pharmacological use of these substances. Fentanyl is still being  prescribed legally and used in controlled settings by medical doctors.  That is right. Republicans don't like science.   In its current form, this bill allows for no flexibility, and won't  address the root issue. This bill is shortsighted because some of these  substances could still be key to developing treatment for fentanyl  overdoses.   Instead of learning about how we can save people from fentanyl, we  want to criminalize all of the fentanyl-related substances.  [[Page H2583]]    Madam Chair, 97 percent of the illicit fentanyl seized at the border  is seized at legal ports of entry. The majority of those convicted are  U.S. citizens. The draconian mandatory minimums proposed under this  plan don't address these issues.   In fact, this bill doesn't do anything smart. It doesn't address the  humanitarian crisis we are facing at our southern border. It doesn't  address the epidemic of substance abuse, and it certainly won't improve  our public safety.   The majority of people who are dying from fentanyl are dying because  they are taking it illegally. They are buying and searching for illicit  drugs. It is not about prosecution. It is about drug use. The issue is  substance abuse. That is what we should be addressing.   If you are going to propose some legislation, make it make sense.  Make it address root issues and focus on the causes rather than  continuing to scapegoat the same people that you have scapegoated for  years and years to no end.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote.   