 Madam Speaker, right now, the United States economy is  being held hostage by Speaker McCarthy and extreme MAGA Republicans,  who have issued a series of radical demands. In their demands, they are  saying that if they are not met, they will force the United States  Government into bankruptcy for the first time in our Nation's history.   Madam Speaker, this fate is exactly 16 days away. The clock is  ticking. Instead of taking action to avoid this fate, Republicans are  doubling down on their threats.   While communities everywhere will suffer enormous harm, no community  will bear the brunt of this looming economic catastrophe more than the  Black community. A default on our Nation's debt will discontinue  crucial programs like Medicare and Social Security.   In my district alone, a default will jeopardize Social Security  payments for 59,000 families and threaten the retirement savings of  89,600 people near retirement. A default will dramatically increase  borrowing costs for auto, home, and personal loans and hinder access to  credit for Black communities, which are already paying more for credit  because of predatory lending practices, which still exist today.   For example, a default would increase mortgage interest rates above 8  percent and increase monthly mortgage payments on a median home in  California by $254, pushing the total cost of homeownership up by over  $91,000. This would further decimate the American Dream of  homeownership for far too many families.   While we have made considerable progress in strengthening Black  employment under President Biden, a default would significantly reverse  this progress by throwing 780,000 people out of jobs, including 7,200  jobs in my district alone.   As with most economic crises, Black Americans will not only bear the  brunt of a recession but will also have the most difficult time  recovering. We have seen this in the past.  [[Page H2335]]    Let's be very clear. The brinkmanship over our Nation's debt is not  only a direct attack on our economy but also on Black communities  everywhere. We are running out of time to save our economy and our most  vulnerable communities from a crisis of epic proportions.    Madam Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to put an end to this  needless political theater and raise the debt limit, as they did three  times with no problems under twice-impeached and indicted former  President Donald Trump. Not only must they raise the debt limit, but in  the midst of a worsening housing crisis, they must do so without  cutting a single penny from critical housing funds.   Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from Illinois (Mr. Jackson).   