 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment is number 42.   I ask unanimous consent to withdraw amendment No. 41.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would prohibit funds  from being provided to assist Ukraine.   Over 1\1/2\ years ago, Russia invaded Ukraine, but now the United  States has basically taken over Ukraine and is fighting a proxy war in  Ukraine that we never voted for. We are funding their government. We  are paying for their small businesses. We are paying their farmers. We  are handing military equipment and weapons over to Ukraine and paying  for their war.  [[Page H4772]]    According to the Congressional Research Service, in 2022, the United  States provided $113 billion in total assistance to Ukraine. Every  single year, the United States spends billions of dollars on foreign  aid, much more than any other country. Ukraine has now taken the top  spot.   The $50 billion State and Foreign Operations bill includes an  unspecified funding amount for Ukraine. Section 7046(b)(2) would make  funds available for Ukraine to support the ability of the Government of  Ukraine to defend their sovereignty and withstand the impacts of  Russia's invasion, combat corruption, and promote transparency and  democracy.   This is nothing more than a blank check for Ukraine that Joe Biden's  State Department will get to write. Even more dangerously, they get to  waive oversight, claiming national security. All this will do is fuel  another never-ending war and push the United States even closer to the  brink of nuclear Holocaust.   After Korea, Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan wars, haven't we had  enough of taxpayer-funded State and foreign operations. They tell us we  have to fight them over there so we don't have to fight them over here,  but paying for wars in foreign countries will eventually have  consequences on our country. We will bring the war to America, and we  will end up fighting them here when countries have had enough of the  United States.   After 1\1/2\ years of being engaged in this conflict, the American  people no longer support the additional assistance to Ukraine. My  amendment will help stop this brutal war and help push for peace in  Ukraine, which should be our ultimate goal.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from Illinois (Mrs. Miller), my friend.    Mr. Chair, it needs to be recognized that we  represent the American people, and the polling shows very clearly, the  American people do not support continuing to fund a war in a foreign  country when our own country has been having a war waged on us by the  Mexican cartels.    Fifty-five percent of Americans say the U.S. Congress should not  authorize additional funding to Ukraine. Fifty-one percent say the U.S.  has already done enough to help Ukraine.   Americans demand their hard-earned tax dollars be used to secure our  own southern border and stop the Mexican cartels' war on America that  is killing 300 Americans every single day.   Speaking of human trafficking and sex trafficking, we should care  about the women and children who are being trafficked at our own  southern border, not pay to defend another foreign country and worry  about another country which, by the way, is not the 51st State. We only  have 50 States in the United States of America, and our tax dollars  should pay to defend our States here.   Mr. Chair, I urge the House to adopt my amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would prohibit the  Secretary of State from using funds to initiate a drawdown and delivery  of defense articles and services from the Department of Defense stocks  to Ukraine.   Those stockpiles of our equipment and weapons are for the United  States of America and should not be sent to Ukraine. I will reiterate  and remind everyone: Ukraine is not the 51st State.   Just this past weekend when we were sent home, I had an emergency  townhall in my district, and many of my constituents showed up. Most of  them were veterans, and they made it very clear to me that they would  rather fight a war at our southern border against the Mexican cartels  that are leading an invasion into our country, thousands and thousands  every single day smuggling deadly fentanyl across our border, and many  other drugs, killing 300 Americans every single day, than they would  ever support a single penny of their hard-earned dollars to go fight a  war in Ukraine.   Our veterans are fed up, and there are 22 million of them in this  country. They want our border defended.   The Secretary of State plays a central role in the initiation and  coordination of these drawdowns, and they put Ukraine first.   Since August 2021, the Secretary has exercised authority delegated by  the President to direct 44 drawdowns of defense articles and services  from the United States Department of Defense to Ukraine, which, by the  way, is not the 51st State.   As our southern border is being invaded every day, Joe Biden and  Antony Blinken are shipping all of our weapons and equipment to  Ukraine.   Nearly a week ago, President Biden announced that the Department of  Defense is sending an additional security assistance package valued up  to $325 million more American hard-earned tax dollars, which would  include AIM-9M missiles for air defense; additional ammunition for High  Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems; Avenger air defense systems; 50- caliber machine guns to counter unmanned aerial systems; 155-millimeter  artillery rounds; 105-millimeter artillery rounds; tube-launched,  optically tracked, wire-guided missiles; Javelin and AT-4 anti-armor  systems; over 3 million rounds of small arms ammunition; 59 light  tactical vehicles; demolition munitions for obstacle clearing; and  spare parts, maintenance, and other field equipment.   By the way, that also goes for our paying farmers in Ukraine while  our farmers are going broke and paying small businesses in Ukraine  while our small businesses are going out of business under Biden's  ridiculous inflation. This is America last across the board.   This security assistance package will utilize assistance previously  authorized under Presidential drawdown authority for Ukraine.   This is utterly disgraceful. This administration will continue to  deplete our military readiness and strength in favor of fueling another  forever war in Ukraine that the American people no longer support.   While our own country is weakened and destabilized by the daily  invasion of our border at the southern border and the northern border,  and while we go even further in debt fighting Russia in Ukraine, not  even defending our own border, China is getting stronger.   They are beating us economically. They are growing their military,  growing their equipment. They are not wasting it on some other country  defending their border. They are saving it up to fight us.   I am sick and tired of hearing we have to fight Ukraine in order to  stop China from invading Taiwan. That is the biggest lie that is being  told to the American people.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman  from Florida (Mr. Gaetz).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   