 Mr. Chair, I thank the distinguished gentleman for  yielding.   You know what? We hoped, coming from an energy State, that we could  do this bipartisan. H.R. 1 goes off on a tangent that even union  members are questioning.   If you want to know what the International Brotherhood of Electrical  Workers would like, they would like us to be bipartisan and to get a  framework to strengthen and to get reliable Federal permitting so that  we can continue to have jobs.   Even those who believe in parks, like I do, would like a permitting  process that works and protects our parks. But if we look at this, what  we will be doing is just giving people a blank slip, and they can do  whatever they want to do in America's precious parks. That is not where  we want to be.   I am grateful for the idea that we want to build our economy, but we  cannot build our economy on environmental disasters which are happening  around the Nation: the 2008 coal ash spill in Tennessee, the 2014 water  crisis in Flint, the concealed 2022 radioactive spill in Minnesota, the  tragedy with the tornado in Mississippi, and the train chemical spill  and fire in Ohio.   It is clear that we need to do something together, but this is not  it. H.R. 1 will, in fact, impact our environment by taking away the  requirements for waste produced by certain energy facilities. It will  undermine the Toxic Substances Control Act by short-circuiting the  review and approval process for new chemicals. It will also allow the  EPA administrator to circumvent the scientific process of approving or  denying flexible permitting. That is not what our workers want us to  do.   In addition, we find that the Federal Government recognizes that this  is not working. In his statement to veto, the President acknowledges  that this would raise costs for American families by repealing  household energy rebates, roll back historic investments to increase  access to low-cost energy. Instead of protecting American consumers, it  would pad and increase profits by those who already have profits.   What about our health?   What about our children?   H.R. 1 is not bipartisan. It needs to be a compromise, working with  all of us to create jobs.   