 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida  and the gentleman from Illinois for managing this very important  Special Order hour.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the blatantly antidemocratic  and, frankly, racist expulsion of Tennessee Representatives Justin  Jones and Justin Pearson.   In response to the Covenant School shooting that claimed the lives of  three innocent children and three staff members, Representatives Jones,  Pearson, and Johnson protested on the floor of the Tennessee House.  They were calling for long-overdue commonsense gun reform that would  help save the lives of children and keep our communities from becoming  war zones.   They engaged in good trouble, similar to what Congressman John Lewis  did when he sat on this very floor to demand action to end gun  violence.   What the ``Tennessee Three'' did was righteous, yet instead of  joining the calls to keep our communities safe, extremist Republicans  retaliated by expelling Representatives Jones and Pearson, two young  Black male lawmakers.   Actions of civil disobedience by Black men and women have been the  impetus of change in our Nation, from boycotts to peaceful protests to  sit-ins. I know we like to romanticize the civil rights movement, but  let's be clear: It  [[Page H1750]]  was not long ago that dogs were sicced on young people for wanting the  right to vote, and their disobedience was in nonviolently persisting.   Representatives Jones and Pearson's only ``disobedience'' was in  being vocal and unapologetic about gun violence in this Nation and  about being Black.   Unfortunately, throughout our history, Black people fighting for a  stronger democracy and a more perfect Union have been silenced and shut  down by white supremacy. When asked to make a choice between democracy  and white supremacy, those in the Tennessee Legislature chose white  supremacy, ignorantly presuming that this could happen without any  attention, but they were wrong.   There is a long history of attacks against Black legislators going  back to the Reconstruction era or even the case against civil rights  advocate Julian Bond and Congressman Adam Clayton Powell.   Tennessee Republicans managed to expel two duly elected Black  legislators, but the vote against Representative Johnson, a White  woman, failed.   We cannot ignore the racial undertones of this incident and the  efforts to temporarily disenfranchise Black voters and muzzle Black  voices. Was it the color of these young men's skin, their age, their  hair?   As a Black legislator, I know what it feels like to have to explain  my very presence in these spaces. Sadly, my story is not unique. It is  the story of individuals in Black and Brown communities everywhere.   That is why I introduced a resolution to immediately condemn the  actions of the Tennessee Legislature and to recognize this as an attack  on the very heart of our democracy.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Cohen) for  joining the resolution with me. He is a true advocate for the people of  Tennessee.   In addition, I am proud to work with my colleagues in the  Congressional Black Caucus who reached out to Representatives Jones and  Pearson and assured them that they have our support.   My colleagues stand by me today as we demand more from a country  founded on the principles of liberty and justice for all because it is  clear that we live in a nation where liberty and justice are only  granted for some.   I am glad that both Representatives Jones and Pearson have been  reinstated as interim representatives so that they can continue to  serve their constituents. Their municipal governments saw the  importance of getting them back to work. They have it right. The  Tennessee House had it wrong. The fact that it took national outrage  and the shaming of the legislature of Tennessee is absurd.    I will continue to work with my CBC colleagues to call out attacks on  our democracy in Black communities across the country as we work to  advance racial equity and address the needs of Black Americans because  these young men were fighting to end gun violence.   As you have heard, guns are the leading cause of death for children  and teens, and Black men are 10 times more likely to be killed by gun  violence. They were speaking truth to reality, and they were silenced.   I don't know why the truth is so scary, but that is why I am so proud  to be part of the CBC, to make sure that we are reminding people of the  truth every single day.   Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is  remaining.   