 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to amendment No. 34.   I rise today on behalf of the servicemembers and their families who  make innumerable sacrifices for our country and our freedoms, yet  today, there are efforts underfoot to deny them their own.   Healthcare is a human right, yet today there are deep disparities  that create barriers to access to care, including today's amendments,  which will only deepen those gaps.   This is especially true when it comes to abortion care and  reproductive healthcare. There has been a daily assault on access to  regular and routine care.   In addition to full-spectrum reproductive care being an essential  human right, it is also a readiness imperative for our military. If you  care about the fitness of our military, then part of that readiness  imperative includes access to the full spectrum of reproductive care.  This is a human right. You should not have to forfeit your right to  medical care when you enlist to serve your nation.   Due to the massive restrictions to abortion care enacted at the State  level, for many of our military families on base, they cannot receive  the care they need, and they must navigate onerous travel to get basic  healthcare. This includes in instances of being raped by a fellow  soldier or a superior.   My colleagues across the aisle are trying to trap pregnant  servicemembers and deny them the care that they seek. This is  dystopian, but unfortunately, it is all too real. Since draconian and  cruel abortion bans have been enacted across our country, pregnant  people have been denied care, and the outcomes have been debilitating  and devastating.   People have been denied miscarriage treatment and care for ectopic  pregnancies. Mothers have lost their ability to have a child because of  convoluted laws that delayed or denied the urgent abortion care they  sought, resulting in lasting health issues and infertility.    It is unconscionable that this military bill will become yet another  blunt instrument to deny women and families across the Nation their  bodily autonomy. This is not the type of exceptionalism that we should  be leading in this country.   