 Mr. Speaker, I stand in opposition to the rule  and to the measures underlying it.   Today, we have an extreme Republican proposal that would make college  more expensive and paying for it harder for hardworking families across  America.   College costs have soared in recent years. They have put higher  education out of reach for too many. They have saddled families and  students with excessive student debt.   We are the only country in the world facing a dire student loan debt  crisis. The Biden administration saw this problem and said that they  promised they would try to address it. Nevertheless, every solution  that they have come up with that would make it easier for my  communities, the people in rural America, Latinos, women, and people  who haven't gone to college before and choose to, for them, they have  made it more expensive and harder.   The latest action by the Biden administration makes sense. It is the  SAVE student loan repayment plan, and it is already fulfilling its  promise. It has saved thousands of dollars for 5.5 million American  people who are enrolled in that program, including from New Mexico-- 7,500 in my own district.   Mr. Speaker, the SAVE program ties your student loan payments to your  income. This is vital for ``mi gente,'' the people of New Mexico, who  often go into careers like education and public service that don't pay  as well. This program helps people who are following their hearts into  careers that aren't the highest paying so that when they pay their  student debt, it will be tied to their income.   Nonetheless, instead of addressing the debt crisis, my colleagues  across the aisle want to gut the SAVE program and make college more  expensive for the 5.5 million Americans using it now. This is  outrageous.    Mr. Speaker, the Senate rejected this same  Republican proposal last month.   Let's address the student debt crisis at its roots. Let's get back to  lowering costs for working families and putting people over politics.   Republicans seem to always want to make it more costly and more  expensive for people to get along. I am so pleased that Democrats don't  and that they stand for the working family.   