 Mr. President, I have come to the floor today to honor  one of the fiercest advocates for Illinois I have ever known: Cameron  Joost.   I have had the privilege of working with Cameron for the past 7 years  now, and over that time, she has been my State director, my campaign  manager, my sounding board, and perhaps most importantly, my friend.   It is hard to find the words to express what Cam has meant to both my  office and to me. She is an expert in everything from the nuanced  politics of Illinois's smallest towns to the full range of Hill House  Home nap dresses. She can tell you every detail of how the latest bill  for a vote here in DC will affect Chicagoans, and she can plan the most  frenetically perfect campaign RV tour that Illinois has ever seen, with  10 passengers on board ranging in age from 4 to 81 and lasting over 2  weeks. Most of all, she is our team's moral compass.   You know, all too often, when people think of American service, they  only think of military service, but the truth is, service in this  country isn't just limited to picking up a rifle to defend our  democracy. American service also means picking up a soup spoon to feed  the less fortunate, a hammer to rebuild a home destroyed by a wildfire,  or, in a Cam's case, picking up a pen and notebook and going to work  day after day, trying to better the lives of all those who call  Illinois home. It means striving to ensure that they access the  healthcare, education, SNAP benefits--you name it--that they deserve;  pushing to help families recover from flooding on the Mississippi  River; to help parents in Cairo get access to the safe, affordable  housing their kids deserve; to help reunite Afghan refugees with their  loved ones. She is ever-dedicated to serving others in every way she  could.   Through it all, she has had one enduring trait: She is a problem- solver. I will never forget the first day I met her. President Obama  was flying back to Springfield to deliver a speech, and I was lucky  enough to catch a ride on Air Force One with the President and a few  other Members of the Illinois delegation. But one thing that I knew and  my colleagues did not was that it was just a one-way ticket on Air  Force One. They were not flying us back, which no one else except for  myself realized.   So one by one, my colleagues came up to me in the Illinois State  Senate chamber, and they asked if I knew that Air Force One wasn't  going back to DC and did I know how I was going to get back to DC.  ``Making the 2-hour drive to St. Louis for a commercial flight,'' I  told them. One by one, my colleagues followed up with ``Oh. Well, in  that case, can I catch a ride with you?'' Of course I said yes, but I  wasn't the one in charge of logistics or the driving. My scheduler in  DC quickly reached out to one of our brandnew staffers. It was actually  this staffer's first day on the job, but she was based nearby, and she  had a car, a Toyota Corolla.   That was how Cameron Joost learned that not only would she be meeting  me for the first time that afternoon, but she would also be in charge  of driving four Members of Congress--or roughly a quarter of the entire  Illinois House delegation--the 100 miles across State lines. And, oh  yeah, it was in the middle of a snowstorm, and we were all the female  Members of the delegation. Somehow, she got us there. Somehow, she  didn't lose a single one of us. And we didn't make it easy for her.  That tells you a lot of what you need to know about Cam--nerves of  steel. She can handle whatever you throw at her, always doing so with  the best of intentions and biggest of smiles.   In the next few weeks, Cam will move on to help lead Illinois'  Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity, where she will  continue a career-long mission of looking out for others. While I am  sad our office will no longer have Cam to ourselves, I am so, so  excited to see all the good she is about to do in Springfield.   Cam, I could go on for hours about all you accomplished as our State  director. Please just know this: You have made a difference. You have  changed lives. And you have probably saved lives through your efforts.  Through your leadership, countless veterans have received the vital  healthcare and benefits they have earned, and countless families have  gotten Social Security checks they desperately needed or have been  reunited with loved ones who were stranded across borders or have  gained access to a hot meal or a warm bed.   You have made Illinois proud. You made us all proud. I will miss you  dearly, but I can't wait to follow your next steps--no longer as your  boss but as your biggest fan. And I hope you will forever be willing to  give me a ride in the middle of a snowstorm.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   