 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for  her leadership on this issue.   I commend the chair and ranking member of the Armed Services  Committee for the legislation that came out of their committee 58-1,  the bipartisanship to protect and defend, which is the oath of office  that all of us take to serve in government; and also, though, to  acknowledge that, on the floor of the House, these poisonous  resolutions came forward and were added to the bill. I rise to move to  instruct House conferees to honor our men and women in uniform by  protecting their fundamental health freedom.   I was listening with interest and prayerfully, frankly, to the  previous speaker, who just said that terminating a pregnancy is not a  health issue. Well, for some people, it might be.   Do you believe in the Hyde amendment? I am not a fan of the Hyde  amendment, but that is the law of the land. Under the Hyde amendment,  if there is rape, incest, or the life of the mother is at risk, then  that changes the dynamic in terms of public policy.   Now, suppose a family member has a situation where the life of the  mother is at risk or a child of a servicemember is the victim of  violence and rape in the community. Would you want that person to have  their health needs met? If they are in a State that says absolutely  not, then they would have to travel elsewhere to have their health  needs met, in keeping with the Hyde amendment.   If you believe in the Hyde amendment, which I don't subscribe to, but  many of you do, how can you deprive the life of a mother--whether it is  a servicewoman herself or the spouse of a serviceperson, or child of a  servicemember--the ability to seek the healthcare that they need?   The NDAA has long been bipartisan. This year, House Republicans are  now engaging in a version that would restrict servicemembers from  receiving full reproductive rights.    This is disrespectful. Shame on those who play political  games with the courageous people who would give their lives to save  ours.   