 Mr. President, I rise in support of the resolution  that I lead with Senator Grassley to designate January 2023 as a focus  on stalking awareness.   This year's resolution has eight bipartisan cosponsors. This  resolution builds on Congress's recent efforts to curb domestic  violence. We already passed the reauthorization of the Violence Against  Women Act, which back in 2013 included the bipartisan STALKERS Act to  improve Federal anti-stalking laws. Last year, once again, we  reauthorized the Violence Against Women Act. But there is so much more  work that needs to be done.   You know, not so long ago, stalking was not seen as the harmful crime  we know it to be today. It was only in the 1990s that the first anti- stalking legislation was passed in the United States. Without a  consistent definition of ``stalking'' or resources for those in crisis,  too often victims struggle to find the support they need to name and  identify the harm they were experiencing.   Through the tireless work of law enforcement officers, prosecutors,  and service providers, we have seen progress. In the three decades  since the first anti-stalking legislation was passed, every State in  the country has passed anti-stalking laws. My home State passed it in  1993--3 years before Congress made stalking a crime.   But we know our work is not done. Approximately one in every three  women in the United States has experienced stalking. Each year, more  than 13 million people report that they are victims of stalking.  According to one study, young adults between the ages of 18 and 24  experienced stalking more than any other age group.   As a former prosecutor, I know the emotional toll this crime takes. I  know what the victims suffer from. Nearly 70 percent of those who are  stalked by an intimate partner are physically abused by their stalkers,  and three in four women who were killed by an intimate partner were  stalked by their killers in the year leading up to their deaths.   By passing this resolution today, we can show how deeply we  appreciate the work of law enforcement, that we are there for the  victims, and we will do all we can to provide the services, safety, and  stability they need.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote scheduled for  1:45 begin immediately.    I ask for the yeas and nays.  [[Page S116]]    