 Mr. President, I rise today in support of President  Biden's nomination of Anna Gomez to be a commissioner of the Federal  Communications Commission.   Americans need an FCC fully equipped to deliver affordable high-speed  connectivity, strengthen local broadcasting, foster spectrum  innovation, and promote emerging technologies. Ms. Gomez will deliver  on these priorities.   While she has dedicated much of her career to public service, working  in various roles at the FCC, serving as Deputy Assistant Secretary at  NTIA, and at the National Economic Council during the Clinton  administration, she has also worked in the private sector.   For 3 years, she served as the vice president of State and Federal  regulatory, government affairs for Sprint Nextel, and for 9 years, she  worked at Wiley Rein, as part of the law firm's telecommunications  practice.   Ms. Gomez will focus on ensuring affordable, reliable broadband  across America's cities, suburbs, and rural communities. In recent  years, it has become increasingly clear that for healthcare, education,  labor, and so much more, broadband is a necessity.   For this purpose, Congress allocated $65 billion for broadband in the  Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, including $42.5 billion allocated based  on the FCC's broadband maps. Ms. Gomez has pledged to work to improve  the accuracy of these maps and deliver broadband to all.   We also need to lower the cost of broadband deployment. By leveraging  our existing electrical grid infrastructure, we can build out more  middle mile capacity. This will spur competition and help lower the  cost of broadband.   While Congress invested $1 billion to create a middle mile grant  program at the National Telecommunications and Information  Administration, the demand for this funding was more than seven times  the amount available. We must do more.   Given her experience working at NTIA, Ms. Gomez has unique expertise  in middle mile broadband deployment issues.   The FCC also plays an important role in sustaining local news. Local  stations provide trusted on-the-ground reporting that informs the  public and strengthens our democracy.   Ms. Gomez understands that we must protect local broadcast news and  has pledged to delve into what the FCC can do to protect it.   She will also fight to ensure that the United States remains a leader  in global spectrum policy. As countries like China compete for spectrum  leadership, we must develop smart spectrum policies that promote  national security and innovation.   We know the FCC has a crucial role in making sufficient spectrum  available for wireless innovation and our federal agencies' critical  missions.   Over the past year, Ms. Gomez has worked hard to prepare the United  States for the 2023 World Radiocommunication Conference and develop a  comprehensive U.S. global spectrum strategy. She has also built a  strong team that is well-informed and  [[Page S4257]]  well-equipped to represent U.S. interests in spectrum policy.   Some of my Republican colleagues have complained that they did not  have an opportunity to meet with the nominee or that we should not  confirm her until the World Radiocommunication Conference is over.   It has been 100 days since Ms. Gomez's nomination and 57 days since  the committee's vote. Ms. Gomez has been available, willing, and eager  to meet with all Senators to discuss her qualifications for the role.   The State Department also has extremely qualified experts who can  step in for Ms. Gomez, just as she has planned for.   Anna Gomez has the knowledge, skills, and qualities to be an FCC  Commissioner. I am proud to support Ms. Gomez's nomination, and I urge  my colleagues to do the same.   