 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.J. Res. 45,  which will disapprove of waivers and modifications on borrowers of  Federal student loans.   As a former educator of 40 years, I am ashamed and astonished to see  that my colleagues would introduce such divisive, misleading, and  harmful resolutions. This partisan, all-Republican-led bill would end  the one-time debt relief and the December payment pause.   The Department of Education would also be prevented from issuing a  similar ruling to the Biden administration's one-time debt relief and  extension of payment pauses in the future.   Let me be clear. This barely one-page bill does absolutely nothing to  advance, to enrich, or to uplift borrowers.   Under the Biden administration's plan, 43 million borrowers would be  eligible for student loan relief, and 20 million would be eligible for  full forgiveness of their loans, ensuring that individuals affected by  emergencies, including COVID, are not placed in a worse financial  position.   Within my own district, there are more than 120,000 estimated  eligible borrowers under the Biden student loan relief plan. Mr.  Speaker, 79,900 of those borrowers were deemed automatically eligible  for relief, and that is about 65 percent of the eligible borrowers.  More than 50,000 of those were fully approved applicants that were sent  over to loan servicers for discharge. That is about 42 percent of the  eligible borrowers in my district.   Tens of thousands of constituents from my district and across the  country will have the ability to live their lives without the looming  effects of student loan debt. Just imagine the millions of borrowers  that would be impacted across this country, as well.   Unfortunately, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle fail to  realize the impact that this would have for so many Americans. This  legislation moves to rid student aid borrowers in this country of any  opportunity to better their financial situations.    Mr. Speaker, it is a step toward borrowers buying that  house, taking that long-awaited trip, starting the family they wanted  to start, and starting a business.   Education is an American right and a privilege, and no one should  deny that right from anyone. I look forward to  [[Page H2566]]  having a meaningful conversation, and I urge my colleagues to oppose  this resolution.   