 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 838, I call up  the bill (H.R. 6126) making emergency supplemental appropriations to  respond to the attacks in Israel for the fiscal year ending September  30, 2024, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  [[Page H5299]]  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the measure under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6126, the bill that will  provide additional support for Israel.   Earlier this month, we saw Hamas carry out its evil attack on the  Israeli people. Now more than ever, we must stand firm with our great  ally and do all we can to ensure Israel has what it needs to defend  itself. The bill before us provides $14.3 billion in emergency funding  for such a need in military assistance.   The funding will cover everything requested by the Israelis.  Specifically, the bill includes funding for Iron Dome, David's Sling,  the Iron Beam defense system, advanced weapons systems and services  through the foreign military financing program and procurement of  ammunition.   To ensure that our support does not impact our own military  readiness, the bill provides $4.4 billion to replenish the items that  were sent to Israel. Funds are also provided for the Secretary of  Defense, personnel, and the safe return of American citizens.   This is the first step in the process, and I urge my colleagues to  join me in supporting the bill so we can find a way to get funds to  Israel as soon as possible.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Defense.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr.  Womack), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Financial Services and  General Government.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Kustoff).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Miller).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Clyde), a member of the Appropriations Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the majority leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Van Drew.)    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Lawler).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge the support of this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   