 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Pallone for his  incredibly important leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, every American, every single child and every single  family, has the right to breathe clean air.   I rise in opposition to S.J. Res. 11, the latest effort from  colleagues to put American lives in danger to boost the profits of  their corporate, polluter donors.   Heavy-duty vehicles make up just about 6 percent of trucks on the  road but generate 59 percent of all nitrogen oxide pollution in our  country.   Mr. Speaker, I grew up in southwest Detroit thinking those heavy  trucks rumbling through our neighborhood, near my school, near where I  lived, near the park I played in, was normal. It isn't normal.   In my district and surrounding areas, we see heavy trucks go through  our neighborhoods up to 20 more times a day than any other community in  Michigan. This is not the kind of life for any family or any resident  of our country. It is no surprise that the rates of asthma, lung  cancer, and COPD are dramatically higher in my region, in my district,  than any other parts of the State.   We see heavy-duty trucks drive outside of our elementary schools,  local health centers, and nursing homes every single day. We see  premature deaths, heart attacks, asthma, strokes, and maternal  complications. These are just some of the effects from pollution that  these vehicles spew into our neighborhoods.   Mr. Speaker, we have a right to breathe clean air.   Part 1 of President Biden's Clean Trucks Plan is just a small step  toward environmental justice for communities that have been left behind  for far too long. Our communities, Mr. Speaker, cannot afford a setback  like this that is being proposed today. They cannot afford to continue  to have their health, safety, and futures put at risk for corporate  profits. They don't have another day, another year, another month to  live like this.    President Biden will rightfully veto this ridiculous attempt to make  our communities even more unhealthy and more dangerous, but I call on  the EPA to go even further to make progress in cleaning up our air and  water in order to give our residents a real opportunity for a better  quality of life.   I invite any of my colleagues to spend a day with me in my district  to see for themselves what rampant, unchecked pollution does to a  community, to a neighborhood. Talk to any of my seniors who grew up  with it, who are literally on breathing machines before they go to bed.  This is not the life we want for any American.   I invite you to meet the children born prematurely to parents with  asthma and COPD who go to work every day with headaches and chronic  respiratory problems. Maybe then you would understand not only the need  for this rule to remain intact but to go even further to protect the  health of those we are sent here to represent.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against the CRA.   