 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank  him for his great leadership in opposing this reckless legislation that  is on the floor today.   I thank Mr. Grijalva for his leadership, as well as our ranking  member on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Mr. Larsen,  for their setting the record straight in the different categories of  this legislation.   The gentleman from New Jersey just set the record straight again. I  thank the gentleman so much for giving a history lesson to some in this  room who may not remember the course of events that has taken us to  this place.   Today, Mr. Chairman, I rise to join in sounding the alarm, a five- alarm climate emergency, which is the existential threat of our time.   Many of our colleagues, including our distinguished ranking members,  have gone into detail about opposition to this bill. I want to focus on  the climate aspect.   It was with pride during my term as Speaker that House Democrats made  climate our flagship issue. When we enacted the Inflation Reduction  Act, our Nation took a landmark step to rescue our planet. Yet, our  progress stands in sharp contrast to the reckless Republican bill  before us, which, on every score, puts polluters first.   We know that climate is a health issue. The gentleman referenced that  in his comments. While Democrats are slashing pollution to preserve  clean air and water, this bill guts bedrock health protections to fast- track polluter projects.   Climate is an economic issue. While Democrats are creating jobs and  lowering energy costs, this bill gives $2.4 billion in handouts to the  biggest polluters.   Climate is a national security issue. While Democrats are declaring  America's energy independence, this bill seeks to keep us at the mercy  of oil-rich dictators.   Finally, climate is a moral issue. While Democrats are honoring our  obligation to pass on a healthy planet to our children and  grandchildren, this bill is nothing short of a dereliction of duty.   It is God's creation. We are religious people here in this body,  right? It is God's creation. Don't we have a responsibility to be good  stewards of God's creation?   The climate emergency is putting lives at risk right now, with  extreme weather pillaging communities that you represent and hitting  families at the kitchen table.   With this legislation, Republicans have chosen to ignore the needs of  America's working families. Instead, Republicans are putting polluters  over people.   For the planet, and for the children, I urge a ``no'' vote.   