 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H. Con. Res. 9,  Denouncing the horrors of socialism.   Mr. Speaker, let's be clear about what this resolution is. A complete  waste of time. This resolution is not about Stalin. It is not about  Mao. It is not about Castro. It is not even about condemning the human  rights abuses that many communist dictators throughout history have  committed. Instead, the Republican majority has thrown together a  poorly written, ill-conceived resolution so sloppy that it condemns  socialism in all its forms. That includes important allies and friends  of the United States that have mainstream socialist political parties  like Albania, Australia, Denmark, Finland, France, Iceland, Luxembourg,  Montenegro, New Zealand, North Macedonia, Norway, Portugal, Romania,  Slovakia, Spain, and Sweden. With this resolution, House Republicans  are sending a message to these nations that we condemn the domestic  political process within their nations. That is outrageous.   At a time of crisis for the world when Vladimir Putin is waging the  largest war in Europe  [[Page H643]]  in over seventy years, Congress should be working to strengthen the  relationships with our fellow democracies, not passing poorly written  messaging bills that will alienate our friends and allies. As Ranking  Member of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, I know just  how crucial it is to maintain relationships with our NATO allies. This  weekend I will join the Minnesota National Guard in celebrating the  50th anniversary of the Norwegian Reciprocal Troop Exchange--the  longest-running military partnership between 2 nations. Make no  mistake, this resolution is not just an insult to the Norwegian  government, but an insult to the Norwegian Home Guard and Norwegian  Armed Forces who sacrifice to defend their nation from the Russian  threat.   The Republican majority was even offered the opportunity to soften  this resolution before bringing it to the floor. House Democrats  offered amendments in the Rules Committee that would clarify the  resolution's intent, including language stating that nothing in the  resolution should be seen to condemn long-time Federal programs like  Medicare, Social Security or VA Healthcare that impact all our  constituencies. Another amendment included language condemning fascism  and the mass murder of 6 million Jewish people by the Nazi regime.  Unfortunately, all these amendments were rejected by Republicans.   Mr. Speaker, it is telling that a month into the 118th Congress,  House Republicans have nothing to offer the American public but to  waste their time with political stunts like this.   