 Mr. President, there will be many opportunities in the  next few days and in the weeks following to reflect on the life and the  contributions of Senator Dianne Feinstein and, as has been noted, the  significant legislation that she advanced over three decades here, what  that meant to her State, to her constituents, really, to her country,  but also to us.   And as I think about the work that we all take on here, we know that  we are capable of much, but we are made even more capable by  extraordinary staff. And one of the things that I have noted over the  years is the extremely loyal staff that Senator Feinstein had built  around her. I know that they are grieving today, as is Dianne's family  and so many friends. But I think we acknowledge them at the same time  of this very significant loss of not only a colleague but of a friend.   And I think it is important that people understand that, here in the  U.S. Senate, a place that can be so divisive at times, true friendships  actually exist. And whether it is the Republican leader and his wife  over the years dining together or, as Senator Collins has stated, just  the very generous nature of Senator Feinstein sharing--sharing her  works, sharing her art, sharing a purse--I still have that seersucker  suit.   I still have that seersucker suit. When we all engage in the annual  ritual of donning the seersucker suit--mine is now 20 years old; I  think yours is, too--our reality is, it is a direct reminder of the  spontaneous generosity of a woman.   Dianne Feinstein was generous. She was gracious. She was thoughtful.  She was kind. There were many times when  [[Page S4802]]  we were looking into a weekend when we were going to be here, and she,  being from California, and I, being from Alaska--recognizing that  probably neither one of us was going to be making it to that other  coast, she would say: ``Lisa, let's go to dinner.'' Sometimes, we would  just spontaneously make that happen, and other times, we would just  make the plans. But that was that outreach to do so.   What she did as one of the female leaders in our women Senators group  was she made sure that the dinners we have engaged in over the years,  that those continued. She would come and say, ``Isn't it about time we  have another dinner?'' And she would be right, and we would organize  it. It was, again, a reminder of what it means to come together as  colleagues, yes, but really the more that we can do to build those  relationships that make a hard job just a little bit easier. Dianne was  able to focus on that in a giving and, again, a very generous-- generous--way.   I think it pained us all--it certainly pained me--in just these past  months to see what I believed to be grossly unfair attacks on a woman  who was in failing health. And I think for some who would focus on  that, they would fail to appreciate what this extraordinary woman, what  this extraordinary leader had contributed not only to the Senate but,  again, to her State and to her country.   So as we speak of the beauty of Dianne Feinstein and all that she  gave to this country, I hope we reflect on the words that Senator  Murray shared with us--that her commitment to this job, her commitment  to the people was so much that she would put her physical health, how  she was feeling--some days, we just don't feel like coming in, you  know? Senator Feinstein was here. Senator Feinstein was with an  institution that she cared about. She cared deeply about it. She wanted  to make sure that we were the best of the best and we reflected that.   I think she would actually be really pleased with the resolution  about dress. I don't need to go into that on the floor. But Senator  Feinstein was a woman who was put together--put together in her  presence and in her bearing. I think she wanted to see the Senate in a  dignified and a respectful manner at all times.   As I walked in this morning, I thought she probably wouldn't approve  of my shoes, and I am sorry, Dianne. But I share this because I think  it demonstrates again where the commitment of this woman was. It was to  the people she served, but it was also to an institution that she loved  and she dignified with everything she did right until the end.   We have lost an extraordinary woman, and we have lost a friend. But  they never leave. They will always be with us, as will Dianne.   I yield the floor.   