 Mr. Speaker, I remind everyone that  Republicans believe in legal immigration. As a matter of fact, we are  very proud of our former first lady, Melania Trump, who immigrated  legally to the United States. There is a clear difference in policies  when we talk about border security for the United States of America.   I think it is very important to remind my colleagues across the aisle  what our oath of office actually says. We swear an oath that we will  support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all  enemies, foreign and domestic.   That is a very important oath to swear, and it is one to uphold, but  this was not being upheld in the past 2 years under this  administration.   We have seen nearly 5 million people cross our border, and it is  unsustainable. As a matter of fact, on Monday, a record was set for  border apprehensions.   Just yesterday, that record was defeated because they had even more  border apprehensions. Two records, and I don't even know what today is  yet. We don't have the numbers, but soon we will know.    The clear difference between Democrats and Republicans, when we talk  about border security and about these policies, is that Democrats don't  serve Americans. They serve migrants. They serve foreign countries and  their borders, but not Americans, American tax dollars, and America's  border.   As a matter of fact, according to the Border Patrol Chief, five out  of the nine sectors are out of control and in the hands of the cartels.   Yet, the most important thing the Democrats across the aisle are  attacking is the Second Amendment and taking away Americans' guns  because they are claiming that will keep Americans safe from the  cartels. That is insanity.   Democrats serve migrants so much that they are interested in bringing  more into the country. When they talk about hiring more Border Patrol  agents, it is because they want Border Patrol agents to be the  welcoming committee.   H.R. 2, which I strongly support, hires more Border Patrol agents and  gives them bonuses so that they can do the job that they were hired to  do, which is to protect our southern border and, by the way, the lives  of migrants who are dying nearly every single day as they try to cross  our border.   It is really interesting. Unfortunately, this administration and the  Democrats serve migrants so much more than Americans, and it seems that  Biden serves any country that is willing to write him a check as long  as they make it payable to the Biden family LLCs. How about that?   Title 42 lifts tomorrow.   