 Madam President, I rise today alarmed at Republicans'  demands for drastic anti-immigrant policy changes in exchange for  continued support for Ukraine.   For nearly 2 years, our allies in Ukraine have fought off Putin's  unjust invasion with the support of the United States--support  President Zelenskyy himself has said is essential to his country's  success. But now, as Ukrainians fight to defend their country and  democracy itself, Republicans are holding additional aid hostage in  exchange for unrelated immigration policy changes.   In exchange for one-time funding for Ukraine, Republicans are  demanding permanent policy changes that would further weaken our broken  immigration system. The proposal put forward by several of my  Republican colleagues earlier this month would further complicate our  asylum system and sow further chaos--chaos--at the southern border.  This plan would require asylum seekers to apply for asylum in every  country through which they transit--a clear violation of international  law that would effectively deny asylum to almost anyone outside of  Mexico or Canada who cannot fly directly to the United States.   Similarly, raising the standard for initial asylum screenings, known  as credible fear interviews, would require asylum seekers to present  even more detailed asylum claims within just days of a traumatic  journey to the United States, typically while being detained in DHS  custody and without the assistance of counsel. By making it even harder  for the most vulnerable to seek asylum, these changes would result in  political dissenters and persecuted minorities being sent back to  danger and, in some instances, to their deaths.   The Republicans' plan would also make the situation at the southern  border more chaotic by eliminating the President's parole authority,  which the Biden administration has used to create safe, orderly  pathways for nationals from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Venezuela to  enter the United States. Eliminating this parole authority  [[Page S5656]]  would force vulnerable people from these countries to make a dangerous  journey to our border to seek protection rather than applying for  protection in advance.   As the only immigrant currently serving in the Senate, I know that  the challenges confronting immigrants are not hypothetical. This isn't  about statistics; it is about people--people desperate for opportunity  and the hope of building a better life in our country. A plan that  villainizes and degrades those seeking to enter our country is bad  enough; but this plan does little to address the actual issues facing  immigrants, failing to acknowledge the plight of DACA recipients,  temporary protected status holders, and undocumented individuals living  in the shadows while contributing to our communities and our economy.   Just this month, the Judiciary Committee, on which I sit, held a  hearing on how to improve immigration courts. Immigration experts  shared meaningful, thoughtful ways to improve this key component of our  immigration system. Disappointingly but not surprisingly, sad to say,  none of the solutions discussed at that hearing are included in the  Republicans' proposal.   Beyond the problematic content of their proposal is the precedent  that Republicans are attempting to set by tying one-time funding for  Ukraine to permanent anti-immigrant policy changes. Pitting vulnerable  groups against each other--Ukrainians fighting an unjust invasion and  asylum seekers fleeing persecution--is a recipe for bad policymaking.  Exchanging permanent policy changes for temporary funding all but  guarantees additional Republican demands on immigration next year.   There was a serious effort to enact bipartisan, comprehensive  immigration reform in the Senate in 2013. I was here then. I had just  gotten elected to the Senate. The year 2013 was the last time this body  attempted to address this issue of a broken immigration system in a  comprehensive way. To this day, I consider that bill that we worked on  in a bipartisan way in 2013 as one of the most important issues and  bills I have ever worked on in the Senate.    Comprehensive immigration reform was needed then, and it is  desperately needed even more now. I stand ready to work in good faith  with anyone looking to meaningfully improve our Nation's badly outdated  and broken immigration system. However, that is not what the current  Republican proposal does.   The American people are tired of rhetoric. They are looking to us to  act. I believe this body has the ability to come together and enact  comprehensive immigration reform, and I hope we--Democrats and  Republicans--both acknowledge that the immigration system is broken-- can find the will to do so. We did in 2013, and we can do it again.   