 Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member Pallone for  yielding me time.   Mr. Chairman, I want to know, why are my Republican colleagues  opposed to energy efficiency standards that will save homeowners money?  Why?   Energy conservation used to be bipartisan. Over the years under  Democratic and Republican administrations, the Department of Energy has  updated efficiency standards for light bulbs, dishwashers,  refrigerators, washing machines, and dozens more appliances.   The first efficiency rules were signed into law in 1987 by Ronald  Reagan, and they included gas stoves. No one argued back then that the  government was taking away your light bulbs or your refrigerator or  your stove because it would have been nonsense, and it is nonsense here  today.   Many of our appliances use less energy today than they did decades  ago, and it is because of energy efficiency standards that help drive  those improvements.   This saves Americans money after they buy a home appliance. Let me  say that again. Energy efficiency saves Americans money. New efficiency  standards for stoves are long overdue. They were delayed by several  years by the previous administration. It is time to update them, not to  delay it further.   The fear-mongering over efficiency standards for stoves is  Republicans playing politics. Democrats are focused on saving money for  American households on their energy bill. We are focused on the climate  crisis. When household appliances use less energy, they will cause less  pollution. We will not be distracted.    We will not be distracted by this political stunt. The  Republicans' bill peddles the lie that the administration or the  Democrats are attempting to ban gas stoves. That is just not true. The  Department of Energy cannot ban gas stoves. The Department of Energy is  simply proceeding with the congressionally mandated efficiency  standard.   So let's not be distracted about what this is. This has been a  bipartisan issue. There is no need to peddle lies about anybody taking  away gas stoves.    Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill and to support  energy conservation standards to save Americans money. Let's save  Americans money.   