 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nomination  of Julie Rikelman to serve as a judge on the United States Court of  Appeals for the First Circuit.   Based on a recommendation of a bipartisan advisory committee on  Massachusetts judicial nominations in Massachusetts, Senator Markey and  I were pleased to recommend Julie Rikelman to the President for this  important role on the Federal bench. She received bipartisan support  from the Senate during her cloture vote last week, and I expect the  same will be true shortly, when we vote on her confirmation to the  First Circuit.   Julie Rikelman is an accomplished lawyer who has significant  experience in both private practice and public interest and whose  career demonstrates an unwavering commitment to the rule of law.   Ms. Rikelman's commitment to the rule of law and the Constitution is  informed by her personal experience fleeing religious persecution. In  the late 1970s, she and her family came to the United States from  Ukraine as Jewish refugees seeking equal opportunity denied to them in  the former Soviet Union.   Ms. Rikelman went on to graduate from Harvard College and Harvard Law  School. After law school, she clerked for Justice Dana Fabe on the  Alaska Supreme Court and then Judge Morton Ira Greenberg on the U.S.  Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.   Following a 2-year stint as a Blackmun fellow at the Center for  Reproductive Rights, Ms. Rikelman entered private practice--first, as  an associate at Feldman & Orlansky and then as senior associate at  Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP. In 2006, she joined NBC Universal as  litigation counsel before being promoted to senior litigation counsel  in 2008 and vice president of litigation in 2011. She has worked on  issues related to securities, breach of contract, employment  discrimination, intellectual property, and constitutional law matters.   In 2011, Ms. Rikelman returned to the Center for Reproductive Rights  as a senior staff attorney. One year later, she was appointed U.S.  litigation director, and, in that role, she argued two cases before the  U.S. Supreme Court.   Ms. Rikelman's exceptional qualifications are bolstered by the  support she has received from lawyers in public and private practice,  from prosecutors, from defenders, from academics, and from former  judges representing a range of political perspectives.   Whether appointed by Republicans or Democrats, her supporters ``share  a strong belief that Ms. Rikelman is a lawyer of uncommon talent and  ability, broad experience, sound and fair-minded judgment, and  unquestioned integrity.'' Her former NBC Universal and Simpson Thacher  Bartlett colleagues describe her as ``thoughtful'' and ``open-minded''  and observed that she ``carefully considered every argument without  prejudgment and without regard to her personal views.''   There it is--fairminded, experienced, thoughtful, and exceptionally  talented. These are the qualities a Federal judge should possess, and  these are the qualities that Julie Rikelman has exhibited throughout  her career.   In addition, her personal and professional experiences will bring  important diversity to our Federal bench and underlie her respect for  the rule of law.   Finally, it is important to note, now more than ever, that we have  judges on the Federal bench who deeply understand reproductive rights  law, and Ms. Rikelman's experience in this area makes her an  exceptionally qualified nominee.   I have every confidence that Julie Rikelman will continue to uphold  the rule of law and our Constitution as a First Circuit judge.   I want to thank our bipartisan advisory committee in Massachusetts  for all of the work they did to identify and recommend candidates like  Julie Rikelman, and I want to thank President Biden for nominating her  to this position.   I urge my colleagues to support the confirmation of Julie Rikelman, a  supremely qualified candidate who will bring her commitment to  delivering equal justice under the law to the First Circuit Court of  Appeals.   I yield the floor.   