 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, colleagues who have been around for a  while know that it is usually about this time of the year that I come  to the floor to talk about my favorite sporting event. I am not talking  about March Madness. I am talking about Alaska's version of March  Madness, which is the Iditarod, when teams of dogs led by pretty able  athletes embark on a thousand-mile mushing adventure across the wilds  of Alaska, beginning down in Anchorage, all the way up to Nome.   This year, it is not quite 1,000 miles. It is 998 miles, as they took  the southern route, which they try to alternate during different years.   But it has been an adventure for the 33 teams that ventured out just  last Sunday, and I am here to announce that literally 10 minutes ago-- perhaps less than 10 minutes ago--the winner has just crossed the  finish line under the burled arch in Nome.   So Alaskans are excited. The Iditarod website has crashed because  everybody was checking in to see if Ryan Redington had made it across,  and I am here to announce that Ryan Redington is the winner of the 51st  Iditarod race in Alaska. He and his team just, as I say, crossed. He  has been in the lead for the past several days, but we are really,  really quite excited about his win.   I am looking forward to being able to give a call myself to  congratulate him, but I know that right now his family, his friends,  and everyone who is there in Nome to greet them after this 8-day  journey are really quite excited. So he is probably not going to be  answering his phone just yet.   The Iditarod is really an extraordinary, extraordinary event. It is  an experience like no other. And when they say it takes a village, it  really takes a village. All of these little checkpoints along the way-- some of them are communities; some of them are literally nothing more  than a cabin. So it is an opportunity for the musher and their teams to  be checking in, be checked out by the volunteer veterinarians who are  along the way; refuel in the sense of feeding their dogs, resting their  dogs, getting a little food for themselves, but then traveling on.   Think about what it means to drive a dog team for a thousand miles  over this period of time and over terrain like this. Mr. President, you  are from a northern State. You appreciate snow. We are not afraid of a  little weather, but what these mushers and their teams have been  through has been pretty amazing.   I was there at the ceremonial start last week. It was zero in  Anchorage. It was a pretty great day to be a dog because it was nice  and cool. Temperatures increased along the way. They encountered  everything from drizzle to rain to mud, then to deep snow, then to  freezing cold, then to gale winds--bumps along the way. It is a  grueling test for all of these teams.   But as we look to what comes together to put on a race like this, it  is something that Alaskans take great pride in. This is fueled by  volunteers, whether it is the Iditarod Air Force, whether it is the  veterinarians who come to volunteer. There is going to be a mushers'  banquet up in Nome, where people come from all over the country to come  and volunteer to serve dinner and clean up after dinner.   I met a group a couple of years ago. They were from somewhere in  Florida. I didn't know the name of the community. But they said that  they took vacation every year to come to Alaska, to come to Nome, and  their job was dinner rolls. They take a week vacation to go to Nome,  AK, from Florida to be there, to be a part of this extraordinary,  extraordinary event.   So let me tell you a little bit about Ryan Redington and this race  that he has just finished. So we are still looking at the exact number  of minutes, but he has been on the trail now for 8 days, 21 hours,  and--again, trying to figure out what the minutes are. This is his  first-ever victory.   Ryan is 40 years old, but Ryan has a stake in this race perhaps  unlike any other young musher out there. He is a legacy musher, to put  it in a sense. He was born and raised in Knik, AK. On his mom's side,  his great-grandfather was an Inupiat who delivered the mail from  Unalakleet to other villages by dogsled. That was how we utilized dog  teams back then.   Ryan comes from a family of mushers. His brother and his sister-in- law have competed in sled dog races. His father and his uncle have both  raced in the Iditarod. Not only did they compete, but they are in the  Iditarod Hall of Fame. His daughter and son are taking up the tradition  by taking on racing.   On his dad's side, it is his grandfather, Joe Redington, Sr., who is  the founder. We call him the ``Father of the Iditarod.''   Joe Redington, Sr., has raced that race 20 times--almost 20 times.  When he crossed the finish line for his last race in 1997, he was 80  years old--80 years old. Can you imagine being 80 years old and running  1,000 miles standing on the runners, running with your dogs? The  Iditarod is not for the faint of heart, and so it is just an example  here to say that mushing really runs in Ryan's blood.   In addition to competing in the Iditarod, he has competed in numerous  races across Alaska and the lower 48. He is a prior champion of the  Junior Iditarod. He was named Iditarod's ``Most Improved Musher'' back  in 2017. He is the 2019 and 2021 champion of the Kobuk 440 in Kotzebue.   So, including this race, Ryan has finished the Iditarod now nine  times--nine times. He came in seventh in 2021 and then last year had  his third consecutive top-10 finish. He placed ninth. So this is a guy  who has given his all--given his all--along with his incredible canine  athletes, to be where he is today: No. 1.  [[Page S762]]    We are just so excited and so thrilled for him, particularly given  the family legacy surrounding the Iditarod. Ryan is the first Inupiaq  Iditarod champion since 2011.   It is interesting, Mr. President. I don't want to jinx things, but if  you look--this is our reader board that we have outside my office over  in the Hart Building.   Every day this week, we have been kind of following the mushers up  the trail so that people would know who is in the lead. And these are  today's standings: Ryan, of course, in first. But he is followed by  Pete Kaiser. Pete is from Bethel. Pete is Inupiaq. Richie Diehl. Richie  is from Aniak, an Alaska Native. So if the places hold, it will be  quite a strong and telling statement that our top three mushers would  be Alaskan Natives.   Dog mushing has been a part of life and culture for Alaskan Native  people long, long before the Iditarod. But it is an ongoing reminder--I  think a really beautiful reminder--of how men and women and, really,  incredible dogs can work together in some pretty extraordinary winter  conditions, connecting communities, connecting people.   Ryan is an inspiration to so many of us, inspiring Alaskans and  future generations of mushers, for how he cares for his team, for the  character that he has shown as he has competed.   And so to Ryan, I am going to have an opportunity to speak with you  directly, but you need to know that you represent the true spirit of  Alaska. You make us all so very proud. And we certainly congratulate  you as the 2023 Iditarod champion.   