 Mr. Chair, I have amendment No. 12 at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to fight for kids, parents and  guardians, and educators in San Diego and across the country.   All parents and guardians want for their kids is for them to grow up  safe, healthy, and happy, and have the tools needed to confidently and  successfully go out into the world. Obviously, they should be involved  in their kids' education and shaping their minds and lives, but H.R. 5  is not the solution.   I think we can all agree that educators can be some of the most  influential people in our kids' lives. They have the power to inspire  lifelong learning. They can help foster creativity and curiosity and  teach children new information and perspectives, but H.R. 5 fails to  value educators.   It fails to acknowledge or even address that teachers are overworked  and underpaid, fueling the burnout that has created a nationwide  teacher shortage that was exponentially worsened by the pandemic.   H.R. 5 fails to address school safety. There have been 322 school  shootings this year alone. Just yesterday, there was a shooting at a  Denver high school. By failing to act on gun violence in schools, we  are allowing an entire generation to grow up with so much trauma: The  trauma of school shooting drills, of growing up watching school  shootings on the news, wearing bulletproof backpacks to school and  knowing that one day it could save your life.   However, H.R. 5 does not even attempt to proactively end the gun  violence epidemic at schools. It only permits parents and guardians the  right to a notification when violence at a school occurs.   My colleagues glaze over the causes of real violence at our Nation's  schools, like proper investments in school-based mental health  programs, social, emotional, and cultural competency professional  development for educators and administrators, disciplinary measures  that eradicate the cradle-to-prison pipeline, and, more importantly,  gun control measures to ensure that our youth are safe from school  shootings.   We need parents and guardians to be involved in the classroom because  too often it is all on teachers to make up for emotional support,  learning, and care in the classroom that should also be provided at  home.   H.R. 5 doesn't give all parents and guardians the tools for  constructive involvement and unfairly empowers a very narrow set to  dictate what all students learn about.   It will open the door to book bans and censorship to control what  students learn and read about, neglecting important parts of history  like the civil rights movement and learning about people's identities.   It would also mandate schools to out LGBTQ+ students to their  parents, violating students' privacy and potentially exposing them to  harm in the process.   While I am thankful that the Rules Committee supported two of my  amendments, it is shameful that they rejected my amendment to ensure  that teaching about the Holocaust and anti-Semitism in schools should  be taught with the acknowledgement that those actions were immoral.   Amid skyrocketing anti-Semitic rhetoric, especially from some of my  colleagues in this body, and growing violence targeting the Jewish  community, Congress needs to use its power to end hatred and  discrimination against Jews.   That work starts with our actions and ensuring that ``Never Again''  is a reality by teaching about the Holocaust and the lingering hate  that still exists today.   In the height of irony, this bill even includes a sense of Congress  that all public elementary and secondary schools should have  opportunities to learn the history of the Holocaust and anti-Semitism,  but that means very little if we are unwilling to mandate how wrong and  immoral those actions were.   This bill is a disservice to our kids, parents and guardians,  teachers, and to our future by not providing kids the tools to be  engaged, thoughtful citizens. So we should take the opportunity to  improve this bill.   Mr. Chair, my amendment eliminates the ``at no cost'' unfunded  mandate embedded within the bill that would require schools--that are  already underfunded and under-resourced--to be burdened with printing  out professional development and curriculum materials at zero cost.   I agree that parents should have access to school curriculums, most  of which are already published online.   However, if my colleagues believe parents should have this right so  strongly, then they should provide additional funding for school  systems to be able to comply. We want all parents and guardians to be  involved in the classroom.   This is a simple, commonsense solution that removes a potentially  costly barrier for school systems that are already struggling to  maintain their budgets.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to remove the ``at no  cost'' provisions in H.R. 5 to bring all parents and guardians to the  table for their kids' learning.   Parents and guardians should be active participants in kids'  education, but that doesn't mean we should lose sight of school safety,  ending discrimination, supporting teachers, and ensuring a well-rounded  curriculum that prepares kids for the future.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I completely agree that parents should have  access to curriculum and know what their kids are learning. Schools  publish curriculums online already. Most of the information that they  would need is already publicly available.   Frankly, if we want to make sure that parents are able to access this  with no cost, we shouldn't be burdening the parents, and we also  shouldn't be burdening the already overburdened school districts. We  should be funding it. Right now, this is an unfunded mandate, which I  urge my colleagues not to support.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, we all know that our educators and school districts are  overburdened and overworked, as well as undervalued and underpaid. H.R.  5 worsens these systemic problems.   My amendment removes an unnecessary and burdensome provision  permitting parents and guardians to review professional development  materials for educators. This would impact educators' and school  districts' already limited time and resources without any positive gain  for parents, guardians, and students.   My colleagues have failed to define what constitutes professional  development, which ultimately may limit the types of professional  development available to educators.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment so that we  can ensure that educators' time is directed at enriching our kids'  education and not fulfilling onerous requirements.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I agree that parents deserve to see some  professional development. That is why I want the majority to define  ``professional development'' so we can make sure that we are actually  doing what we intend to do.   As the bill is written, it includes specialized instructional support  personnel such as speech-language pathologists and audiologists who  have specific continuing education requirements that are sometimes  accessed through continuing education courses that have copyright  restrictions that limit use and distribution of materials and content.   My amendment would ensure that all teachers and specialized  instructional support personnel are able to access the professional  development courses they need to maintain their skills and even their  licenses and certifications, which this bill, as written, would get in  the way of.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   