 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  support the nomination of Jamal Whitehead to serve as a judge for the  U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington. Mr.  Whitehead is extremely well qualified and has demonstrated an  allegiance to the rule of law throughout his very impressive law  career.   My Senate colleagues on the Judiciary Committee saw what an  exceptional judicial candidate Mr. Whitehead is, and they recognized  how valuable his perspective would be on the Federal bench. I was  pleased to see that he was voted out of committee with a bipartisan  vote of 11 to 9.   Mr. Whitehead has spent his entire career in the Western District,  making him uniquely knowledgeable of the district in which he will be  serving. Throughout his career, he has defended workers from  discrimination and enforced Federal employment discrimination laws. He  has been dedicated to ensuring equal justice under the law and has  demonstrated a profound commitment to public service.   Mr. Whitehead has also sought to promote diversity in the legal field  through outreach and education and is deeply involved in the community.  He serves on the Executive Committee for the ACLU of Washington as well  as on the board of Amara, a child welfare organization in the Seattle  and Tacoma area dedicated to meeting the needs of children and families  who have been impacted by foster care.   In addition to his outstanding qualifications, Mr. Whitehead's  confirmation continues the President's commitment to ensuring that the  Federal bench better reflect the American public. Mr. Whitehead is the  first judicial nominee by President Biden to have a physical  disability. Now confirmed, he will be one of only a handful of Federal  judges with a disclosed disability.   Jamal Whitehead is well prepared to serve on the U.S. District Court  for the Western District of Washington. This is a historic  confirmation. I am pleased to see that my colleagues supported Mr.  Whitehead's confirmation to our Federal court.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   