 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.  It is amendment No. 75.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to  H.R. 21 that would prohibit the SPR plan from including oil and gas  leasing within the ecologically critical Big Cypress National Preserve.   Established in 1974 as one of the first national preserves, Big  Cypress is a unique and fragile ecosystem that spans 720,000 south  Florida acres and hosts an array of plant and animal life.   It is also an important cultural site for the Miccosukee and Seminole  Tribes of Florida.   Opening this area to oil and gas drilling would not only be  environmentally destructive, it would also threaten the livelihoods of  the people who depend on it for hunting, fishing, and tourism.   We know that drilling causes pollution and habitat destruction.   Just a few years ago, Big Oil speculators hauled in massive trucks  weighing 33 tons and used low-frequency vibrations to look for oil.  They left deep ruts in the swamp and plowed over dwarf cypress trees  that had survived for more than 200 years.   In pure economic terms, this vast sensitive swampland is essential to  the health of the neighboring Everglades, which is vital in providing  clean drinking water to millions of Floridians.   The solution here is to protect this national treasure by banning the  SPR plan from including oil and gas drilling in Big Cypress in  perpetuity.   Just don't take my word for it, Mr. Chairman.   Mr. Talbert Cypress, chair of the Miccosukee Tribe very succinctly  describes why it is so vital that we protect this land saying: ``The  Tribe would not exist without the Everglades, which Big Cypress Natural  Preserve sits on. We used it for survival. We used it to keep our  traditions alive and our culture still going to this day. So that's why  it means so much to us.''   This is simple. We can protect an ecologically sensitive treasure,  drinking water for millions, and a traditional way of life all by  voting to ensure that Big Cypress National Preserve is never littered  with reckless speculators or polluting oil derricks.   I urge you to join me in taking action to protect Big Cypress  National Preserve from oil and gas drilling by voting ``yes'' on this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   