 Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I appreciate my colleagues' remarks  today. You know, the issue that we are debating is whether or not  retirement plans should be allowed to consider a company's  environmental, social, and governance goals when they make investments.  That is ESG, and it is pretty simple.   My colleagues and I say that people who make investments for  retirement accounts and pensions plans may--they don't have to; they  may--consider ESG in their decisions about what stocks to buy so long,  of course, as they adhere to their principal fiduciary responsibility,  which is to put the financial best interests of their clients first.   Now, on the other hand, our Republican colleagues are saying: No,  retirement plans can't consider ESG goals. They are somehow claiming  that this rule will undermine free and fair markets--undermine the free  market and promote ``woke'' capitalism. And, if you can tell me what  that means, then I will look forward to your explanation.   So let's figure out what this is really about.   People invest their life savings for a safe, secure retirement, and a  lot of people want those investments in companies that reflect their  values, companies that protect the safety of their workers, that have  excellent ethics rules in place, guarding against conflicts of  interest; companies that are committed to protecting the environment  and managing the risks of climate change. In fact, companies with these  kinds of positive environmental, social, and governance policies are  often good financial investments as well. The two go hand in hand.   The foundation of a free market is that people can decide for  themselves where to invest their money, and they should have good,  trustworthy information in order to make those decisions so that the  market is fair and they don't get taken advantage of.   That is all this ESG rule that we are defending today does. It  asserts that investors should have the option, if they choose, to make  ESG investments. It is not a mandate. It does not elevate one type of  investment over another. All this rule does is allow workplace  retirement plans to offer ESG investments as an option to people who  want them, provided, of course, that those investments are prudent and  provide a safe and secure retirement.   So I can tell you that out in the real world of Minnesota, this is no  big deal. For decades, great Minnesota companies have been looking for  excellent returns on their investments. That is their job. But they  have also been trying to improve how their companies help their  community, help their employees, and help the environment. A lot of  people would say that is good business.   In fact, ESG investing has been growing in this country for decades.  People like it. They want to invest in companies that reflect their  values. More than $18 trillion are held in investment funds that follow  the ESG investment principle. So this isn't some sort of weird fly-by- night new idea. ESG investing has been routine for years.   But what is new--what is new--is the way in which these extreme  Republican politicians whom we see today are trying to turn ESG into  their latest tool to rip us apart and to expand their own political  power, and that is so hypocritical.   You know, Republicans claim to be believers in a free market and  freedom of choice, but, today, with this vote, they are saying you  can't even think about basic concerns like protecting the environment  and fighting climate change or protecting workers or strong company  ethics. You can't even think about those things as you make investments  for your retirement. So instead of allowing people to make their own  choices about how to invest in their retirement savings, these  Republican politicians want to put their political values and the  interests of their donors in the middle of your investment decisions.   That is just wrong. It is out of touch, and I don't think it flies-- not in Minnesota and not in most places in this country.   So I hope we can reject this extreme agenda and vote no. This issue  is just too important. It is about letting people decide how to secure  their own retirement and allowing them to choose investment options  that match their values.   To be clear, there are good reasons that people would want to take  ESG factors into consideration. It is reasonable to ask whether your  retirement is invested in companies that operate sustainably and  practice good governance. It is reasonable to say that you don't want  to invest in a company with a record of discrimination or mistreating  workers.   You know, I have been in business, and I can tell you that these  values aren't just good for marketing or investor relations. They are  the markers of a healthy, sustainable business--businesses with the  capacity to confront risk, to innovate, to diversify, and to meet the  needs and challenges of an evolving world for long-term resilience and  viability. Businesses that consider these factors do better. It is good  business. They make more money.   So, colleagues, I ask for a ``no'' vote, which is a ``yes'' vote for  allowing people the freedom to invest their retirement in ways that  reflect their values and make money. I also ask my colleagues to join  me in my legislation, the Freedom to Invest in a Sustainable Future  Act, which would put into law this commonsense rule that we are voting  on today.   I commend the Department of Labor for their commonsense rule that we  have been talking about, which doesn't force choices. It creates  choices.   Let's defeat this resolution and allow people to choose how they want  to plan for the future for themselves.   I yield the floor.   