 Mr. President, this Saturday marks 1 year since the  Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade at the urging of extremist  politicians upending 50 years of precedent protecting women's right to  healthcare.   In the year since that decision, half the States in our country have  banned or effectively banned access to abortion. Women in those States  have extremely limited options for getting the healthcare they need.  Those who can afford to travel have no choice but to go to other States  to receive critical reproductive care.   That is what happened to Lauren Hall. She and her husband were  excited that she was pregnant for the first time. But then she learned  that her fetus was developing without a skull--a condition that meant  it wouldn't survive. This condition also increased Lauren's risk of  hemorrhaging. Her doctors at home in Texas refused to help her  terminate the pregnancy, so she had to travel to Seattle, where she was  finally able to get the abortion care that she needed. She is currently  [[Page S2159]]  suing the State of Texas for refusing to give her potentially  lifesaving medical care.   We knew that after the Dobbs decision, stories like Lauren's would  only happen more often and millions of women would lose the healthcare  they need. Even before Roe fell, healthcare organizations in Nevada  were prepared for an influx of women from out of State who needed  abortion services.   Justice Brett Kavanaugh recognized this too. In his concurring  opinion, he indicated that women who have to leave their home State to  get the care they need would be protected by the constitutional right  to interstate travel.   But we could see from miles away in Nevada that the far right would  never stop plotting to roll back women's rights even further. In the  last year alone, we have seen extremist Republicans try to stop women  in our military from getting the healthcare they need. They have come  after safe and effective birth control, and they have even supported a  Federal abortion ban to outlaw reproductive care in all 50 States. And  now we are seeing far-right extremists actively work to bar women from  seeking care in States outside their own.   Let's be clear: This is about controlling women. The far right  doesn't trust women to make their own healthcare decisions, so they  think those decisions should be made by politicians instead. Well, I  don't know about some of my colleagues across the aisle, but I don't  think elected officials should be telling women what to do with their  bodies, and neither do the vast majority of Nevadans.   We are a proud pro-choice State. Back in 1990, Nevadans  overwhelmingly voted to codify a woman's right to choose. And, today,  over two-thirds of Nevadans believe that a woman's healthcare decisions  are between her and her doctor, and that is across all parties-- Democrats, Republicans, and Independents.   But even though Nevada is a safe place for women who need healthcare,  far-right Republicans living outside my State are telling women: Oh,  no, sorry. We are making it illegal for you to go there.   This April, Idaho became the first State to make it a criminal  offense for someone to help an individual traveling out of State to  seek an abortion. And elected officials in States like Tennessee,  Texas, and Missouri are trying to punish women for leaving their State  for reproductive care, as well as anyone who helps them, including  their doctors or even their employers.   This is why my colleagues and I are reintroducing the Freedom to  Travel for Health Care Act. One year after Roe v. Wade was overturned,  we need this bill more than ever. Our legislation reaffirms that women  have a fundamental right to interstate travel and makes crystal clear  that States cannot prosecute women--or anyone who helps them--for going  to another State to get the critical reproductive care that they need.    We are talking about upholding a constitutional right to allow women  to travel outside their home State. Now, why do some of my anti-choice  colleagues want to restrict women from moving freely between States?  The answer is simple: They don't trust women to have control over their  own bodies.   Well, I do. And I am going to keep doing everything in my power to  protect women, not just in Nevada but in every State across the  country. We must pass the Freedom to Travel for Health Care Act.   So, Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further  consideration of S. 2053 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration; further, the bill be considered read a third time and  passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table.    Mr. President, as was already pointed out, the  Constitution does protect the right to travel in this country, and  there is no doubt that the Supreme Court has made that precedent clear.  But constitutional rights don't enforce themselves. And my colleagues  on the far right only cloak themselves in the Constitution when it  suits them, and right now, it really doesn't suit them. That is why  far-right Republicans in State legislatures across the country are  working on and passing laws specifically focused on restricting a  woman's right to travel for reproductive healthcare--something I  noticed my colleague from Utah seemed to ignore--Tennessee, Texas,  Missouri, or some of those States.   At the end of the day, let me just touch on this idea that somehow  this legislation is focusing on trafficking of individuals for sexual  exploitation. Now, again, this is a perfect example of some of the far- right Republicans--when they really can't argue the facts and the law  of something, then they just make things up or they throw inflammatory  arguments out there to try to scare individuals.   But let me just make this clear. As a former attorney general who  worked and continues to work on human trafficking issues that address  the sexual exploitation of adults and minors, this is not trafficking.  And I would say to my colleague in Utah, who knows better, that sexual  exploitation of individuals that this country needs to address, along  with many other countries--and we have passed laws to protect  individuals--this is not it.   What I do know is, instead of addressing the true issue before us,  which is, why can't women be free to travel from a State that has  restricted their right to abortion to my State, where we have chosen to  allow them to get the healthcare they need, the essential healthcare-- it is always fascinating to me that I hear, on the far right, my  colleagues say it is always about States' rights; it is about States'  rights; this is a States' rights issue.   Dobbs basically said in its decision this is a States' rights issue,  but then, when it doesn't suit what they care about, the far right  says: Well, forget those States' rights. Only listen to what we as  elected officials determine you should have. Ignore what Nevada has  done. Ignore the Democrats, the Republicans, the Independents, the men  and the women in Nevada who chose to codify the right of a woman to  choose and seek essential healthcare. Ignore that completely.   That is what this legislation is about. It is about trusting women  and giving them the ability to come to a State like Nevada to seek  essential healthcare for their reproductive rights.   Again, I constantly hear this emotional argument about--and my  colleague from Utah, whom I respect, but he said this--the left somehow  has an obsession with abortion. It is outrageous, outrageous,  inflammatory talk. What we do have an obsession with is freedom and  that every American in this country, whether you are a man or a woman,  should have that freedom, and it shouldn't be taken away from you by  elected officials who think they know better about your healthcare than  you do, who think that they can restrict in their State your access to  healthcare, that they can jeopardize your healthcare and your decisions  about your family and your future because they think they know better.   Mr. President, I just think it is outrageous that one simple thing  that we cannot agree to in this Congress in a bipartisan way is that  women should have that fundamental freedom to travel for their  healthcare needs without being restricted, without being called names,  without being fearful, and we should be protecting those doctors and  the healthcare decisions to do that.   I will say one final thing. We have worked hard in this country to  evolve so that all our medical care is some of the best. We are  fighting right now to make sure that we have access to technology, that  we have access to medical care. We do the research. We do the  development. We have the medical care of the 21st century.   What my far-right Republicans are telling women across this country  is, you can't access that medical care for the 21st century. Do you  know why? Because we think that we should hold you back to the 19th  century. We want to politicize this, and we want to take away your  rights, and so we are going to take you back to the 19th century.   It is outrageous--outrageous that we have to be here in this day and  age. Over 50 years of Roe v. Wade and not one issue that we can see  impeded anybody's rights here, for women across this country and this  fundamental freedom about reproductive rights.   So I am disappointed, but I will tell you what, Mr. President, this  is an issue you are going to see all of us, one after another, continue  to fight. This is an essential fight for women in this country and  their rights and their freedom to choose--the freedom to choose and not  have somebody else dictate what they should or shouldn't do with their  bodies; not to have somebody else dictate, based on whatever their  religion is or their rights, that they know better than somebody living  in an issue that is so personal to them, that they can be dictated to  in this day and age.   I yield the floor.   