 Mr. Speaker, I first acknowledge and thank  our convener, the gentleman from Illinois. I thank the bold and brave  women, our colleagues Cori Bush and Ayanna Pressley who have put  together this convening as well. And I also thank all the women on  whose shoulders we stand, particularly those who brought an  intersectional perspective and urgency to the fight for all women  throughout this country, but also adding on to that urgency, a reminder  that it is Women's History Month in the year 2023, and yet we pretend  to be surprised that a document written by rich, land-owning White men  in the 18th century does not protect my rights.   We pretend to be surprised that a document that saw my Black  ancestors as property until the 19th century legally does not yet  empower people who look like me.   We are oh so surprised that a document that did not allow women the  right to participate in our democracy through voting, let alone the  right to have land or a bank account until the 20th century is in need  of an update.   Well, I am not surprised. Actually, I am pissed. I stand today as one  of the vice chairs, the new vice chairs of the ERA Caucus to demand the  obvious need for a constitutional amendment so that our future  daughters and granddaughters, mine and yours, are not discussing what  we failed to do in the 21st century.   Yes, I stand today frustrated that it is not obvious to all elected  Members of Congress that the rights of all women, and specifically  Black women, need to be protected. As we are wrapping Women's History  Month, I remain steadfast in making sure that our daughters and  granddaughters of the future do not have to continue to discuss this.   Constitutional equality is powerful. Women and the States have done  their part to ratify the ERA, as we have heard, including our new  colleague, who is joining us in the 118th, but now Congress must  swiftly follow suit. We must take this action to move one step closer  to enshrining the dignity, humanity, and equality of all people into  the highest law of the land.    