 Madam Speaker, I strongly oppose violence and  destruction of property regardless of venue.   The resolution on the floor today, however, is a distraction from the  real issue regarding crisis pregnancy centers, which is that they  regularly provide inaccurate, incomplete, and injurious information to  people who are seeking guidance and fact-based healthcare.   Crisis pregnancy centers often engage in deceptive advertising to get  people in the door, and then they mislead them about the services they  provide.   A crisis pregnancy center in Texas, for example, was caught telling  people that abortions cause mental illness and implied that abortions  cause cancer  [[Page H174]]  and infertility. I heard from someone who visited a crisis pregnancy  center, and after she left she started getting calls from strangers who  were told about her visit. Another woman was shown an ultrasound  picture of her kidney and was told it was a baby.   This deception is unconscionable, which is why I will soon introduce  the Stop Anti-Abortion Disinformation Act to direct the Federal Trade  Commission to issue rules prohibiting unfair or deceptive advertising  of abortion services.   At a time when reproductive rights are under attack, it is especially  important for anyone seeking abortion care to be able to find a real  healthcare provider they can trust who will respect their bodily  autonomy and their privacy.    Madam Speaker, this bill is extremist, dangerous, and  unnecessary.   It is extremist because it would criminalize doctors with up to 5  years in prison and put them in fear of providing lifesaving, medically  necessary procedures to those who are pregnant.   It is dangerous because the bill has no exceptions to protect the  health of the patient and no exceptions in cases where there is a  serious fetal anomaly.   It is unnecessary because, as Mr. Nadler said, it is already a crime  to kill a baby born alive.   Many of my Republican colleagues talk about keeping Big Government  out of people's lives. But when it comes to the hardest and most  intimate decision--decisions that should be made between patients and  their healthcare providers--these same colleagues think the government  knows better.   Republicans in Congress and conservative extremists on the Supreme  Court are waging a war on reproductive healthcare, a war on bodily  autonomy, and a war on the medical community and the doctor-patient  relationship.   I will continue to stand up against these assaults on reproductive  freedom and against extremist, dangerous, unnecessary, and misguided  policies like this bill.   