 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment.   This amendment would strike section 7070(d) from the bill, removing  language banning the State Department and other agencies from  identifying, classifying, or facilitating the classification of any  communication by a United States person as misinformation,  disinformation, or malinformation, and banning the Federal Government  from partnering with nonpartisan, nonprofit, outside experts to  identify these threats.   On January 7, 2021, a day after the January 6 insurrection, the  National Intelligence Council, Central Intelligence Agency, Department  of Homeland Security, FBI, NSA, and the State Department disseminated a  then-classified report entitled, ``Foreign Threats to the 2020 U.S.  Federal Elections.''   That report was declassified 2 months later, and in it, the best  minds of our intelligence community wrote, ``. . . Russian President  Putin authorized, and a range of Russian Government organizations  conducted, influence operations aimed at denigrating President Biden's  candidacy and the Democratic Party, supporting former President Trump,  undermining public confidence in the electoral process and exacerbating  sociopolitical divisions in the U.S.''   It went on to say that: ``Unlike in 2016 . . . A key element of  Moscow's strategy this election cycle was its use of proxies linked to  Russian intelligence to push influence narratives--including misleading  or unsubstantiated allegations. . . .''   Mr. Chair, in the wake of the chaos and destruction caused by the  former President and his followers on January 6, I fear these facts are  being forgotten.   So why are we here today with multiple appropriation bills that  prevent the Federal Government of the United States from even  acknowledging misinformation, disinformation, malinformation, and  getting that information to the American public no matter who it is  spouted by, whether it is domestic or foreign threats?   Seems to be that my colleagues across the aisle want to use First  Amendment rights as a blanket for those kinds of words and uses that  are going to destroy the American people. We are not saying that people  cannot say these things; what the Federal Government needs to be able  to do is inform the American people where that information comes from,  if it is, in fact, not factual, if it is conspiracy theories.   I fear that this is being allowed because some empowered corners of  our Republican Caucus know another Presidential election is coming and  they have been given a cookbook on how to keep chaos in our society.   We know that page one of that cookbook, that first recipe, is Russian  propaganda and its penetration of the American people. Let's be clear:  It is not only the Kremlin that wants in on this mis-, dis-, and  malinformation game, this meal that they are trying to cook for the  American people, Iran and China want to get into the kitchen, too.   We know foreign influence efforts are already active and we know many  more are coming. Let's make sure that our Federal Government has the  expertise and the research to be able to stop it.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to approve my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, let me just say that private media companies  acting in their own business interest and in the understood interest of  public health in the midst of global pandemics are going to do what  they think is best for their bottom line. That is what drives them.  [[Page H4769]]    As for Orwellian cries, that is absolutely ludicrous that you would  be concerned with that. You are only concerned with free speech now  because it is impeding conspiracy theories that you want to put  forward.   Free speech is not an absolute protection. That is one of the first  things you learn in law school in constitutional law. It is not an  absolute. It is not an absolute when it is going against the American  people and our democracy, and when it is malicious speech.   Additionally, we are not saying that people cannot say these words;  we are saying that where the information comes from and how it is used,  our Federal Government should be allowed to track that.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   