 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this  resolution and the State of Israel and to speak out against the  horrific murder of 1,400 Israeli civilians and the kidnapping of  hundreds more.   The unspeakable, genocidal violence inflicted on Israelis and the  Jewish people by Hamas terrorists goes beyond condemnation. It demands  action.   As part of a bipartisan and bicameral delegation, I was in the region  in pursuit of peace when Hamas launched their cowardly attack on  civilian communities. Three days later, I met with Israeli's unified  leadership and pledged continued U.S. support for the defense of the  Jewish state.   President Biden has led our Nation in mourning the dead, praying for  the kidnapped, and mobilizing to support Israel in eradicating Iranian- backed death cults like Hamas, Hezbollah, and Islamic jihad, which are  dedicated to the elimination of the Jewish people.   Israel has never had a stronger ally and the Jewish community has  never had a stronger advocate or stronger voice in the Oval Office.   The unconscionable apathy of many nations and many in our own Nation  is a sobering reminder of the fact that Israel remains surrounded by  hostility and danger.   As a proud Jewish American and Zionist, let me be clear: Israel has a  right to defend itself, and Hamas must be destroyed.   As an advocate for peace, normalization, and a two-state solution, it  must be stated that Hamas is the primary obstacle to all three.   We should not tolerate Americans who rationalize massacres and  lionize monsters while spouting off anti-Semitic tropes and  accusations.   I will not equivocate because there is no equivalence between  Israel's righteous efforts to protect its civilians and democracy from  terror and Hamas using innocent Palestinians as a human shield,  broadcasting carnage, burning families alive, and raping teenage girls  to death. ``Am Yisrael chai''; ``the people of Israel live.''    Mr. Chair, I stand here as a proud member of  the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies  for many years. I unfortunately rise in opposition to this harmful  bill.   Let's start with the two most obvious problems. It raises energy  costs for families, and it has zero chance of becoming law.   It was drafted with one goal: to appease MAGA extremists.   The new Speaker of the House just spoke of reaching across the aisle  for all Americans, yet one of the Republicans' first major acts is to  jam through a bill that raises their energy costs and undermines our  security, all just to keep their rightwing base happy.   How do we know? Instead of fortifying our power infrastructure and  confronting the climate crisis, it fixates on blocking the Army Corps  of Engineers from renaming items that celebrate the Confederacy. You  just cannot make up this stuff. That rockets to the top of the priority  list for House Republicans.   As we recover from the hottest summer on record, it cuts a critical  clean energy program by half a billion dollars, choking off vital  energy efficiency avenues to battle climate change. House Republicans  have drafted a bill that is entirely removed from the realities that  our families and the entire planet face right now.   I recently had an affordable housing roundtable with Broward County  in my home State of Florida, and they all talked about being rent  burdened by climbing housing costs. Yet, this bill takes away funding  to help American homeowners keep their homes safe and energy efficient  to cut their power bill.   Instead of investing in a stronger America, it cedes supremacy to a  Chinese Communist Party that throws its full weight into infrastructure  and clean energy investments.   If Republicans want to craft a bill that helps American families,  start by abiding by the bipartisan budget agreement that was signed  into law by President Biden just a few months ago.   In the rare instance where this bill actually honors that agreement,  it fully funds a $425 million budget request for Everglades  restoration, which I am thankful for, and it allows us to keep moving  the EAA Reservoir project forward.   Beyond that, though, this bill has dramatic funding gaps that  jeopardize America's energy stability and independence. It raises costs  for families, hurts job creation, fails to tackle the climate crisis,  and rolls over to Chinese and Russian competitors.   Mr. Chair, for all of these obvious reasons, I urge my colleagues to  vote ``no.''   