 Mr. President, I really feel like this is a celebration  because we have been talking about how Americans have been taken  advantage of for years--forever--in terms of high prices. We have been  paying the highest prices in the world forever and oftentimes three and  four times more than people in other countries.   I know I receive messages from families every day who are struggling  to pay for their prescription medications. The truth is, we understood  this. We finally had the opportunity where we had President Biden and a  Democratic majority in the House and the Senate. We took on Big Pharma,  and we won. So this is really a celebration.   We are not done. We have more to do. We are just getting started, but  this is a big deal. It is a big deal.   One out of four Americans can't afford their medicine right now--one  out of four. That is shameful in the United States of America. Back in  1998, when I was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives, I took  busloads of seniors from Detroit, one side of the Ambassador Bridge to  the other side. A few minutes across the bridge was Windsor, Canada. We  crossed the bridge and cut prescription drug prices by 40 percent by  crossing a bridge.   It has made no sense to me. The reason I have been championing this  for so long and so appreciate the leadership of Senator Klobuchar and  so many of us who have worked together is that this just simply makes  no sense, and it has cost lives and people's livelihoods, trying to pay  for their medicine. You shouldn't have to skip doses or split pills in  half or choose between paying your electric bill or taking your  medicine.   So the good news is, despite the fact that if you just look at the  U.S. Senate--just in the Senate, there are 15 lobbyists for every  Senator, and they work every day to try to stop us from lowering  prices. But despite that, we took on Big Pharma, and we won.   I want to thank the Presiding Officer for your leadership on the  first thing we were able to do that is so tangible.   In Michigan, we have nearly 67,000 Michiganders on Medicare who now  benefit from a cap on insulin of $35 a month--not the $600 or $700 that  the average person was paying; $35 a month. That is saving lives.   By the way, insulin is something that was discovered and developed  100 years ago--100 years ago. It costs $10 to make, and we had to go  through a major fight to cap it at $35. But our Presiding Officer, the  Senator from Georgia, led that, and I want to thank you for doing that.   We have nearly 673,000 Michiganders who are going to save an average  of $356 thanks to the $2,000 total cap we are going to put on. Right  now, folks are, on average, paying $14,000, $15,000 a year and  oftentimes thousands of dollars more than that. We are capping that.  This next year, it is capped at $3,200; next year, $2,000, and that is  it--$2,000-a-year out-of-pocket costs for seniors. It is extraordinary.  It will save lives.   So this is a time, I think, of celebration.   We have nearly 1.8 million Michigan seniors who are now going to be  able to get free shingles vaccines and other critical vaccines that  before they maybe just didn't do because, on average, it was $300 or  $400 to do, and now they can protect themselves with vaccines. That is  a big deal.   Senator Wyden was talking about his provision, which is so very  important, which is to say that if a drug company, under Medicare Part  D--which are the drugs you get in the hospital or in the doctor's  office--that if they go up faster than the rate of inflation--the Biden  administration now has the authority to check every 3 months--if it  goes up faster than inflation, they will roll the price back. As of  July 1, it was an average of over $470 per dose on a cancer drug. So  this is a big deal. It is a big deal that we are talking about right  now.   The biggest of all: Medicare is beginning to negotiate prices just  like the VA, which gets a 40-percent discount, by the way. That is the  ultimate.   When I first came to the Senate after taking those bus trips across  the border, I really took on this whole question about prescription  drugs and really leaned in in so many ways. I was excited we were going  to do Medicare Part D that passed under the Bush administration until I  saw the fine print where it prohibited Medicare from negotiating  prices. That was the fine print. It sounded great, but the drug  companies were able to insert the language that says: You can't  negotiate. We get to charge whatever we want.   That is what has happened since then.   So here we are. The first 10 drugs that will be negotiated through  Medicare were announced just a week or so ago, and we are talking about  those drugs that will deal with blood clots and heart failure,  diabetes, psoriasis, blood cancers, arthritis, and so many more things.  These are the top drugs in terms of usage and price--the first 10. Then  there will be more, and there will be more, and there will be more  until we get the full negotiation.   We know that negotiating on just these 10 drugs will help more than 9  million people--9 million people--lower their costs--just those first  10. This is a big deal. We know we have more to do to lower costs, more  to do together to address healthcare costs and other costs that people  pay.   But I think it is pretty safe to say that the prescription drug  companies are the biggest lobby here. We finally had the votes. We had  the President who was willing to do it, President Biden. We had the  majority in the House and the Senate to do what we knew needed to be  done regardless of how much clout they have, and so that is what we  did.   You know, I get letters like all of you do and talk to people all the  time, but Diane of Bloomfield Hills, who is retired and on Medicare,  shared with me that she is a diabetic, and she takes two types of  insulin, or four injections per day--four injections per day. She told  me that she used to pay a copay of $650--$650 or more--for a 3-month  supply for just one of her prescriptions. She takes four injections a  day--for just one of her prescriptions. But not anymore. Back in  January, Diane went to the pharmacy like usual, and the pharmacist told  her that her 3-month supply would be $105; not $650--$105. She said:  ``I paid and walked away with a big smile on my face.''   The Presiding Officer led that effort to put a smile on her face and,  I am sure, create a little more capacity for her to take care of  herself and to be able to have a good life.   People like Diane should not have to go without the medicine they  need. They shouldn't be forced to skip doses or take less than was  prescribed to save money. They shouldn't have to choose between their  medicine and putting food on the table or paying the bills. That is  what this is about.   So it is a celebration, and I am so proud that we joined with  President Biden to take the first step to make sure that people are  going to be able to afford the medicine they need.   I yield the floor.   