 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank Chair Graves and Ranking Member Larsen for bringing this  important bill to the floor.   This bill would revoke the independent real estate leasing authority  of the Securities and Exchange Commission and direct the Government  Accountability Office to update its 2016 report on independent real  estate leasing authority in the Federal Government. The House passed  this bill last Congress.   While a number of Federal agencies have independent real estate  leasing authority, the SEC has a history of egregious real estate  practices.   In 2005, the SEC disclosed that it had unbudgeted costs of  approximately $48 million for the construction of its headquarters near  Union Station.   In 2007, after moving into headquarters, the SEC shuffled its  employees to different office space at a cost of over $3 million  without any cost-benefit analysis or justifiable explanation.   In 2010, the SEC conducted a deeply flawed analysis to justify the  need to lease 900,000 square feet and to commit over $500 million over  10 years, overestimating its space needs by over 300 percent. In  addition, the SEC failed to provide complete and accurate information  and prepared a faulty and backdated justification and approval after it  had already signed the lease.   In August 2016, the General Services Administration and the SEC  entered into an occupancy agreement to authorize GSA to secure a new  15-year lease.   In December 2016, GSA, with the approval of SEC, submitted a  prospectus to Congress for approximately 1.3 million square feet, which  Congress approved in 2018.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me more  time.   By July 2019, GSA had received final bids, resolved all protests, and  even selected a final bidder. A month later, the SEC canceled the  occupancy agreement, citing concerns about the value of the purchase  option, which SEC refused to document to Congress. The SEC effectively  vetoed the entire 3-year procurement process despite not having the  authority or funding to exercise the purchase option without GSA's  involvement.   Finally, after much back and forth between the two agencies, GSA  entered into a lease agreement for a new SEC headquarters in September  2021. The SEC says it will continue to have GSA do its leasing in the  future, but the SEC's history of egregious leasing conduct, having  squandered hundreds of millions of dollars, makes this bill necessary.   These public blunders also risk undermining the reputation of GSA and  the Federal Government among developers and building owners who  participate in Federal lease procurements. The threat of uncertainty  ultimately drives up the cost of all GSA real estate procurements.   It is time for Congress to return the SEC's leasing authority to GSA,  the Federal Government's civilian real estate arm. As the SEC has  demonstrated over three decades, it is incredibly inefficient,  wasteful, and redundant to have the SEC involved in real estate  procurements when GSA exists for that very reason.    Like other Federal agencies, the SEC will continue to have input with  the GSA and involvement in the real estate decision-making process, but  GSA would have the ultimate authority.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   