 Mr. Speaker, I rise to address a Resolution the House is  considering that, and I quote, ``denounces the horrors of socialism.''  In reading the various ``Whereas'' clauses it's pretty clear that the  authors have conflated ``socialism'' with ``totalitarianism.'' Further,  they apparently believe that ``socialism,'' which they have not  defined, is the political philosophy of notorious communist dictators.  For example, Lenin, Stalin, Mao, Fidel Castro all described themselves  as communists, not socialists. Why does this resolution ignore that?  Why does it fail to condemn communism?   It's obvious that the purpose of this vote is political in nature.  For the duration of my career (in Congress and before that), I have  been a proud member of the Democratic Party. Not the Socialist Party.  Not the Communist Party. Not the Republican Party. Not affiliated with  any dangerous group or conspiracy theory, including but not limited to  white supremacists or Q-Anon. I oppose and I have, on many occasions,  spoken out strongly when there are anti-democratic atrocities around  the world. I oppose totalitarianism.   Curiously, the resolution doesn't condemn fascism nor condemn Hitler.  Yet by focusing solely on socialism and conflating socialism with  communism and totalitarianism, H. Con. Res. 9 paints a distorted  picture of the world. A rising tide of violent, anti-democratic forces,  many from the far-right, also challenge us. Vladimir Putin (who is  suspiciously not mentioned in H. Con. Res. 9) and his war of aggression  in Ukraine, democratic backsliding Hungary and other far-right  governments that commit human rights abuses and threaten democracy are  weirdly given a pass by the authors. Sadly, the United States is not  exempt from the growing threat of far-right extremism. From drastically  increased rates of hate crimes to the violent attempt to overthrow the  government on January 6, 2021, our society and democracy are threatened  by growing extremism and violence of the far-right.   Some Republicans have called public education socialism, Social  Security and Medicare socialism. I don't agree that these basic  programs, loved by Americans, are socialism.   This Resolution does not address the challenges we face today.  American families want solutions and policies that will help the  middle-class, grow our economy, and protect our democracy--not empty  political gestures. Take, for example, the ongoing crisis in Venezuela.  Mr. Speaker, it seems the current Majority would rather score cheap  political points than pass actual policies to address challenges  involving Venezuela. I would know. In 2019, while I condemned the  Venezuelan regime on the Floor, I was simultaneously advocating to  designate TPS for Venezuela so those Venezuelans in America would not  be forcibly sent back to that oppressive communist regime. I bring up  this example because it highlights how Democrats in recent  congressional sessions focused on how we could help people--not accuse  people. We need to provide results instead of rhetoric. I strongly urge  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to focus less on  ``gotcha'' Resolutions and more on measures that actually accomplish  something.   This resolution, if passed, does absolutely nothing.   