 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Hoyer for his leadership and for  organizing this Special Order hour for the Regional Leadership Council.  And I thank our Democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries, for giving me the  opportunity to represent our New York region.   When Democrats held the majority in the 117th Congress, we did not  waste a moment making President Biden's Investing in America agenda a  reality.   I am proud to report our bold agenda is delivering unprecedented  Federal investments to the State of New York. I see every day how these  investments are creating well-paying jobs, improving my State's  infrastructure, increasing green energy production, lowering energy  costs for families, and bringing 21st century industries to our State.   In just 2 years, New York has received over $12 billion in public  infrastructure and clean energy funding and is slated to receive  billions more in the coming years.   Beyond the numbers, what do these investments look like in New York?  It looks like this:   Micron investing $20 billion within this decade in semiconductor  manufacturing in Clay, New York;   $254 million to make more train and subway stations accessible to  people with disabilities;   $175 million for infrastructure improvements for our airports,  including $111 million for JFK and $56 million for LaGuardia, but also  for our dozens of smaller regional airports that so many communities  rely on, like $14 million for Long Island MacArthur;   $18.3 million for the purchase of over 50 electric schoolbuses for  our public school students;   $664 million for providing fiber optic infrastructure to cities and  towns without internet service.   These investments are transforming New York right before our eyes.   The next time you see a lane closed on the highway for construction  or a neighbor installing solar panels, or an EV charging station open  on your way to work, or a decrepit bridge being replaced, there is a  good chance that the Investing in America agenda helped make that  possible.   I will also take time today to talk about the Investing in America  agenda's climate resilient infrastructure investments, the largest of  its kind in American history. The impacts of climate change are here,  and millions of Americans are suffering the consequences.   Storms, flooding, heat waves, and wildfires are occurring with  greater intensity and frequency. It is causing unprecedented damage,  tragically taking lives and even entire communities. In my own Queens  district, lives were lost to stormwater flooding 2 years ago during  Hurricane Ida.   However, the Investing in America agenda is making our communities  safer and our infrastructure more resilient to these impacts.   We are investing $8.7 billion to ensure roadways can withstand  natural hazards and that communities have safe evacuation routes;   $8.2 billion across programs designed to reduce the risk of and  detect and fight wildfires;   $3.5 billion for the flood mitigation program to help flood-prone  communities reduce the risk of flood damage to homes and businesses;  and so much more.   These investments from Democrats and President Biden and Vice  President Harris, in addition to the massive investments we are making  in fighting the climate change crisis, will help protect communities  and save lives.   