 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 185, to  terminate the requirement imposed by the Director of the Centers for  Disease Control and Prevention for proof of Covid-19 vaccination for  foreign travelers.   H.R. 185 is hasty attempt to reverse the order issued by the Centers  for Disease Control and Prevention without any proper planning or  preparation.   The Amended Order Implementing Presidential Proclamation on Advancing  the Safe Resumption of Global Travel During the COVID-19 Pandemic was  first published on April 7, 2022, and was implemented to save lives.   The CDC order imposes necessary restrictions on the entry of  noncitizens into the United States by air travel unless they are fully  vaccinated against COVID-19 or otherwise attest that they will take  public health measures to prevent the spread of the disease.   Similar restrictions have been implemented and enforced worldwide,  and countries like Thailand have had to reimplement such restrictions  after lifting them.   Now is not the time to roll back protections, only to be in a place  where we will need to reimpose more onerous and unwanted lockdowns and  shutdowns across the country.   Yet, H.R. 185 would nullify any successor or subsequent orders that  require foreign persons traveling by air to show proof of a COVID-19  vaccination as a condition of entry, as well as prohibit the use of  federal funds to administer or enforce such a requirement.   Mr. Chair, the wellbeing of the American People should hold the  utmost importance and any act against their health and wellbeing should  be strongly condemned.   Since March 2020, life in Houston--like most of the world--has been  upended.   Houston, Texas is the 4th largest city in the country and is one of  the most racially and ethnically diverse cities in the United States.   In addition to Houston being a culturally diverse city and home to  international students, residents, and families from all over the  world, Houston also serves as an international hub for millions of  people all over the world who travel to my city every year for both  leisure and business.   According to the Houston First Corporation, a record 22.3 million  people from around the world visited Houston in 2018.   Notably, the 2023 Houston Rodeo season, scheduled for Feb. 28-March  19, is the largest rodeo in the world and contributes significantly to  our city's economy. In 2022, this event attracted over 2.4 million  international travelers from around the world.   Despite the senseless and disingenuous politicization of the COVID-19  vaccine, it has and continues to save countless lives--particularly in  my home state and internationally rich travel hub of Houston, Texas.   In Houston, specifically Harris County, there have been 1,058,476  confirmed COVID-19 cases, 7,839 active cases, 1,041,939 recovered, and  8,589 deaths. Furthermore, Texas as a state has recorded 8.24 million  cases and 93,366 deaths.   In the United States, there have been 102 million confirmed case and  1.11 million deaths.   And across the globe, there have been 671 million confirmed cases and  6.83 million deaths.   These statistics serve as a harrowing reminder of the gravity of this  epidemic and the caution we should be taking in ensuring preventative  responses and remaining vigilant against the spread of COVID-19.   Rolling back critical vaccination policies put in place to protect  Americans through hasty measures such as H.R. 185, undermines the  national mission and unified efforts nationwide to prevent future cases  infiltrating our communities.   While progress has certainly been made in protecting Americans from  this deadly virus, we cannot stand for the erosion of such progress  through ill-conceived and politicized measures.   As we continue to make strides to prevent and eradicate current and  future variants plaguing our cities, states, nation, and world, let it  be known that H.R. 185 would only serve to disregard the health and  well-being of all Americans, foolishly jeopardizing our lives and the  ongoing fight to keep everyone healthy and safe.   Instead of halting vital funding and vaccine policies for  international travelers, without a plan or forethought of the  disastrous impact that will inevitably result, it is imperative that we  stand together in planning and preparing for smart policy shifts that  will allow our country to effectively and safely ease back into some  sense of normalcy.   Anything less is an abdication of our governmental duties and an  insult and danger to the welfare of all those we are sworn to serve.   With strong opposition to this bill, I urge my Republican colleagues  to step back and actually work with us to lay forward common sense  implementations of care and safety for our fellow Americans.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment,  although I may not necessarily be opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chair, any effort to keep the existing protocols for China are  appropriate, but I rise today with great concern about the underlying  bill, H.R. 185, which is to terminate the requirement imposed by the  director of Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for proof of  COVID-19 vaccination for foreign travelers.   It is not the CDC, based on science, that is attempting to do this,  or the administration, based on the multiple levels of science, Health  and Human Services, CDC, and NIH that may contribute to this decision.  It is Congress, that certainly has its role of authority, but it is not  authority based on science and based on knowledge.   I believe this is a hasty attempt to reverse the order issued by the  Centers for Disease Control. As well, I believe it imposes important  restrictions by the CDC on the entry of noncitizens into the United  States by air travel unless they are fully vaccinated.   We know that there are discussions going on about ending certain  protocols with COVID-19. But as the President said last night, we lost  a million Americans. People are still mourning their loved ones. We  understand, with that in mind, we are still seeing people die of COVID- 19 and many of its, in essence, other aspects of infectious diseases,  and we are seeing COVID-19 still actively exist.   People with underlying conditions suffer greatly. Restrictions have  been implemented and enforced worldwide, and countries like Thailand  have had to re-implement such restrictions after lifting them.   Now is not the time to go back on protections, only to be in a place  where we will need to reimpose more onerous and unwanted lockdowns and  shutdowns. Yet, H.R. 185 would nullify any successor or subsequent  orders that require foreign persons traveling by air to show proof of  COVID-19 vaccination as a condition of entry, as well as prohibit the  use of Federal funds to administer and enforce such a requirement.   Mr. Chair, this is not logical or sensible. This is a country of over  300 million persons. Again, this is a Nation that lost a million  persons. I will say it again: People are still dying of COVID-19.   The well-being of the American people should be our first priority.  Since March of 2020, I proceeded to provide  [[Page H756]]  any number of testing sites and vaccination sites. We saw our hospitals  teeming. We, of course, reached out to the chair of the Energy and  Commerce Committee, as we were desperate to get tests and vaccines.   I spoke to New York hospitals and doctors who were telling me that  their hallways were teeming, their operating rooms were nonexistent,  because there were COVID patients everywhere. Many of us remember the  stark look of the refrigerator cars not only in this Nation but around  the world.   So I am hesitant that at this point we make a decision on the floor  of the House, not a scientific report, not a hearing in a committee, to  be able to suggest that we could go ahead and remove this particular  health caution protection.   Again, COVID-19 cases have been 1,058,000 confirmed in our area,  7,839 active cases now, and 1 million persons recovered. There have  been 8,589 deaths. Texas, as a State, has recorded 8.24 million cases  and 93,366 deaths.   We are a border State, and so we have the opportunity for people to  come in from foreign countries, as well as South and Central America,  who come into the United States, and I am saying through legal travel.  So it doesn't make sense to go to this length and to do it without  further study, further science, and as well for the recognition of the  importance of the Centers for Disease Control, the National Institutes  of Health, Health and Human Services, and the President of the United  States, who is the leader of this Nation.   So in working with the executive, I believe that we should give them  the opportunity to work constructively and to be able to give the right  kind of guidance that will protect all of us. We should not  precipitously try to overcome a disease that is evident as a major  killer of Americans.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to oppose the underlying bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for his  leadership and of course Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton for her  continued consistency in refuting and rebutting wrongheaded and  misdirected policies that seem to come year after year.   Let me read breaking news from one of the historic newspapers in this  month that we begin to focus on Black history. From ``The Washington  Informer,'' the headline says, ``D.C. Council Blasts House GOP  Interference in City Law.''   ``D.C. Council members have lashed out at Republicans on Capitol Hill  for seeking to meddle in city affairs.''   For some reason, Ranking Member Raskin, there was some thought that  our friends were riding in on a white horse because there was some  disagreement on the Council. That disagreement, as you have so  effectively said, with the Congresswoman as well, is that they want to  handle their own matters.   Let the record be clear: The United States Constitution does not  forbid noncitizens from casting a vote in local, State, and other  elections. At least 15 cities currently allow noncitizens to cast  ballots in local elections, and particularly noncitizens were  occasionally permitted to cast ballots in local, State, and Federal  elections in 40 States from the time of the Nation's inception until  1926.   We have had a history of local decisions being made by local voters.  In this instance, local voters voted and made a decision. Whatever  modifications they desire to make, they are not asking this place to  implode their work.   As we begin to think about voting rights, I would ask my colleagues  to help join us in supporting the John R. Lewis Voting Rights  Advancement Act that Democrats have tried to pass here in this Congress  for a long, long time.   I would ask them to help us in the redistricting that skewed and  denied Democrats in Texas two districts that were legitimately, based  upon the Census, in fact, created by Hispanics and African Americans.    In redistricting across the Nation, North Carolina,  Georgia, Texas were States in which voting rights were directly  undermined. Some of the restrictive legislation that was passed in  Georgia and Texas is evidence of the oppression of many in the party of  my friends across the aisle's States to deny people of color their  right to vote.   Mr. Speaker, it looks as if we have an opportunity here. For  champions of voting rights that seem to be evidenced across the aisle,  join me in the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act. At this  time in this month, we ask that you allow the citizens of Washington,  D.C., one, at some point to have statehood, but, more importantly, in  this instance to stay out of home rule decisions or to stay out of  decisions granted to them. Those decisions are granted to them.   For that reason, I am enthusiastically in opposition to H.J. Res. 24  because this legislation goes beyond the boundaries of the  responsibilities, duties, and rights of this body. Leave the Government  of Washington, D.C., to the people of Washington, D.C.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 24-- Disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in  approving the Local Resident Voting Rights Amendment Act of 2022.   H.J. Res. 24 will overturn the Local Resident Voting Act of 2022, a  measure passed by will of the people in the District of Columbia  Council.   This overreaching resolution seeks to overturn the will of  Washington, D.C. people, who voted to support the rights of noncitizens  who fulfill residency and other requirements to vote in district local  elections under the Local Resident Voting Rights Amendment Act of 2022.   Let the record be clear, Mr. Speaker, the United States Constitution  does not forbid noncitizens from casting their vote in local, state, or  federal elections.   At least 15 cities currently allow non-citizens to cast ballots in  local elections.   While voting in federal elections was made illegal for noncitizens in  1996, the legal voting of noncitizens in American elections has a long  history in this nation.   Noncitizens were occasionally permitted to cast ballots in local,  state, and federal elections in 40 states from the time of the nation's  inception until 1926.   During the early years, the District of Columbia Organic Act of 1801  granted Congress  [[Page H767]]  sole power over the district's boundaries, depriving its citizens of  the voting privileges they had previously enjoyed as residents of  Maryland and Virginia.   Due to its treatment as a U.S. territory rather than a state, the  District of Columbia has no voting representation in Congress and is  certainly not given its fair amount of federal funding--despite the  fact that Washington, D.C. residents pay more federal taxes per person  than citizens of any other state, and more than residents of 22 states  combined.   It is no secret that when politicians seek to suppress voting rights,  the feared component of increased racial political power rears its ugly  head in driving and motivating shifts in laws that will eliminate or  stunt the political growth of minority populations in America.   As we stand here today, marking the first week of Black History  Month, we must acknowledge that we are standing in a building built by  the hands of slaves, and we are standing in a city that is not only one  of the most diverse cities in the country, but is also home to one of  the largest Black populations--yes, Washington DC--our nation's  capital.   The underrepresentation of Blacks and minorities in our nation's  capital and in our national democratic systems is a shameful stain on  our morals and values as Americans.   We must put an end to current and historical voter suppression and we  must stop pushing oppressive and systemically racist policies if we are  ever to truly be a nation united by our democratic pillars and  principles.   The nearly 700,000 D.C. residents, a majority of whom are Black and  Brown, are worthy and capable of self-government.   And Congress, which is not accountable to D.C. residents, should not  interfere with legislation duly enacted by the duly elected D.C.  government.   Members of Congress should not substitute their policy judgment for  the judgment of D.C.'s elected officials.   Quite simply, Congress should keep its hands off D.C.   The legislative history and merits of the two bills enacted by D.C.  that are the subject of the disapproval resolutions--the Revised  Criminal Code Act and the Local Resident Voting Amendment Act--should  be irrelevant to the consideration of these disapproval resolutions,  since there is never justification for Congress nullifying legislation  enacted by D.C.   That being said, we need to set the record straight on these two  bills enacted by D.C.   Under the D.C. Home Rule Act, which was passed by Congress, D.C.'s  legislature, the 13-member D.C. Council, is required to pass  legislation twice, with at least 13 intervening days between each vote,  to enact legislation.   Legislation passed by the Council and signed by the D.C. mayor--or  with a veto override or without the mayor's signatures--is transmitted  to Congress for a review period.   The legislation takes effect at the expiration of a review period,  unless a resolution of disapproval is enacted into law during the  review period.   And yet, the House did not hold a hearing or markup on either  disapproval resolution.   This resolution cannot stand as a serious policy measure to be  respected on the floors of this chamber, and must be opposed.   