 Madam Speaker, I thank our ranking member for yielding.   Madam Speaker, the resolution that they are attempting to use to  overturn this rule is about small business lending.   We know that, but what is the problem?   We are now afraid of data? We don't want to collect data? This is  even voluntary.   You are opposing a process that would help create more transparency,  more information gathering, competitiveness, and a fair marketplace for  lenders and small businesses. It is voluntary.   We are scared now? We are scared of voluntarily collecting data?   Section 1071 allows lenders to collect and report lending data,  including voluntarily self-reported by businessowners. This rule does  help small business, and I will give you some examples, particularly  those owned by women, people of color.   We are even going to collect data, especially in my district, of  veterans, many of them Black men and women, who have started businesses  after they served our country. They are all lacking access to credit  that they need to build up their businesses.   Study after study has documented that small business owners,  especially the small business owners in my district, continue to face  discriminatory practices by banks.   We already know for a fact that Black-owned business are less likely  to obtain financing and are offered smaller loans.   Section 1071 will make it easier to eliminate such practices and  enforce our fair lending laws--again, to enforce our fair lending laws.  Maybe that is why. Maybe that is why the banks are crying about this  voluntary process. They are scared. Why?   Had the CFPB Small Business Lending Rule been in place during the  Paycheck Protection Program, Madam Speaker, the transparency required  by this rule would likely have reduced the racial disparity in lending  outcomes that we saw.   There is also a clear precedent for what such a rule can accomplish.  These are real people--and folks can laugh. They can think that this is  not real. These are people that are literally putting their whole life  savings into a small business, and hoping and praying that they have  the investment from the Federal Government.   When the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act established reporting processes  for mortgage lenders that are similar to those in the CFPB rule, did  you all know that lending to Black borrowers for conventional home  purchases increased by 70 percent in 3 years? In 3 years we increased  Black homeownership.   All Americans, not just some, deserve access and fairness, especially  when we continue to bail out these banks for their continued failure  and their discriminatory practices.   Section 1071 promotes transparency, competition, and fairness.  Overturning this is a disservice to our small business owners  everywhere.   I thank our ranking member and others that continue to advocate for  this. This is the right thing to do. This is how we make sure that all  Americans have access.   