 Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R.  4365--the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2024.   This offensive attempt at an appropriations bill is being used by  Republicans to sneak partisan and damaging policies under our noses.   H.R. 4365, which should be earnestly attempting to best support the  Department of Defense, however, does not reflect the input of nearly  half the Members of this body and is strongly opposed by the ranking  members who sit on the very committee this bill originated from.   In order to further promote a culture war, the members who oversaw  this bill are going to put many Americans at risk.   First, they are targeting the many brave servicewomen currently  employed by the Department of Defense by directly going against the  Secretary of Defense's promises for them to have access to reproductive  healthcare regardless of their station.   Women currently make up 1 in 5 members of our military.   Denying them their previously promised ability to check their  reproductive health is not only dangerous, but also grossly  irresponsible.   The loss of these rights also increases the risk for low retention  amongst female servicemembers who need these benefits this bill would  strip away.   Second, the bill targets the LGBTQ+ community, who are increasingly  victimized by Republican agendas around the country.   Regardless of your beliefs, it is important to treat everyone with  respect and equality, which this bill does not do.   This bill would prohibit hormone therapy or surgical treatment for  gender affirming care, directly affecting those who experience gender  dysphoria.   Individuals who feel they do not belong in their own body is a  serious issue and has led to 1 in 5 transgender and nonbinary young  people attempting suicide in the past year.   Our priority as the legislative body of this country is to protect  the wellbeing of ALL citizens, regardless of personal beliefs and  ideologies.   The language in this legislation would further embolden those who  wish to commit harm and violence against a minority group already  facing so much hardship, both socially and legally.   This is unacceptable.   The lives and wellbeing of those who live across the country should  not be put at risk simply to push a regressive agenda that does not  promote the diversity of our nation but rather seeks to suppress it.   This brings me to my third point, which is the underhanded way  Republicans sought to eliminate ``Critical Race Theory'' or ``CRT''.   Let me be clear: Republicans have a warped understanding of what this  term means, and they are using it as a means to remove any diversity in  education.   Critical Race Theory is a collegiate field of study that examines the  complex ways in which race fits into the structures of our society; it  is not an attack on white people for their history, just as it does not  victimize Black people based on ours.   Based on an incorrect definition, Republican leaders at all levels of  government have worked to eliminate all diverse viewpoints providing a  complete framework of the history of this country, and instead wash  over the negative to present a false narrative.   At the same time, legislation aimed at elementary schools against  Critical Race Theory--which again, is only offered at the collegiate  level--deprives diverse students of hearing their voice reflected  accurately in the history of this multicultural nation.   Another issue with this Defense Appropriations bill is the cut of  $714 million to adapt military equipment to be more climate friendly.   Climate change is a crisis that requires global attention and  efforts.   The refusal to even allow for updating our military alternative  source of energy is regressive and promoted under a false message.   It was not Biden who indicated that he wanted an ``all electric''  fleet of tanks as is commonly stated, but rather the United States  Army.   This part of the bill stands directly in the way of innovation as  well as keeping us from doing our part in the world to strive towards a  net zero future.   In 2020 alone, the United States military was responsible for 51  million tons of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere; more than  most countries.   But now, when the U.S. Army decides for themselves that they want to  scale back on their emissions, certain members in Congress want to  limit their choice.   One bright spot of this bill--though it is short-lived--is the  Jackson Lee Amendment [No. 90/No. 233] to H.R. 4365 that was made in  order by the committee.   The Jackson Lee Amendment [No. 90/No. 233] to H.R. 4365 seeks to  allocate $10 million to fund triple negative breast cancer research.   This issue is extremely important, especially for the brave men and  women in the military, who are up to 20-40 percent more likely to  develop breast cancer.   I must offer my appreciation to both the military and the Biden  administration for making research into breast cancer a priority, but  there is still work to be done.   This amendment would allow for more research so we can one day  hopefully learn a way to reduce the number of military personnel  affected by breast cancer.   Several initiatives I have designed in the past have aided active- duty servicemen and women along with veterans, such as enforcing  accurate reporting of maternity mortality rates among the Armed Forces,  addressing physical and mental health concerns, and securing  authorization for Triple Negative Breast Cancer as well as Post- Traumatic Stress Disorder.   I am very proud of the work that I and Congress have done to address  the health concerns of active duty and veteran servicemen  [[Page H4573]]  and women, but there are still improvements to be made.   The men and women who are on the front lines or have already  completed their valiant service to this country have many pressing  issues and challenges they already must face; breast cancer should not  be one of them.   While this amendment is important, the negatives of this defense  appropriations bill vastly outweigh this positive amendment--which is  why H.R. 4365 must be voted down.   Access to abortion and fertility care is essential to a person's  freedom, including for service members, to make decisions about their  health and well-being, and having control over their economic security.   Anti-abortion policymakers want to take away service members' ability  to make personal decisions about their health and safety.   We must defend their freedom to control their own bodies, lives, and  futures.   These attacks on the Department of Defense's policies make it crystal  clear: anti-abortion lawmakers will take any action to ensure people  cannot access abortion care.   Anti-abortion lawmakers are pushing an extreme agenda to take away  service members' freedom and autonomy, all while trying to claim they  support those who serve.   Our service members fight and sacrifice for our freedoms.   Now, as lawmakers, we should be working to ensure to protect their  freedoms--not trying to take their rights away.   Access to reproductive health care, including abortion and fertility  care, is critical to safety and well-being.   As policymakers, we must ensure that all service members can access  abortion care without barriers.   We aren't truly free unless we can control our own bodies, lives, and  futures.   Our laws and policies should protect our rights, not try to control  and dehumanize us.   The numbers are clear in the devastating impact this measure would  have on those serving America.   The Military Health System serves approximately 1.62 million women of  reproductive age (15-45), including service members, retirees, and  their dependents.   As of 2021, there were 116,970 U.S. Armed Forces personnel stationed  in Texas, the third most of any state in the Nation.   With Texas being the home to 59 military bases, active military  personnel make up 422 out of every 100,000 people among Texas  residents--the 16th highest share concentration among the 50 states.   There are currently 2,369,990 Military Health System beneficiaries  living in one of the 14 states where abortion is either wholly or  almost fully restricted or unavailable--with the state of Texas sadly  being one of those states.   The percentage of active-duty service women who have no or severely  restricted access to abortion care has increased to 46 percent.   This means that roughly half of all women currently serving in  America's active-duty military have restricted access to the full suite  of reproductive health care.   As of 2021, there were more than 708,000 Department of Defense  civilians in the continental United States, over 250,000 of whom are  women.   Roughly 275,000 Department of Defense civilians live in states with a  full ban or extreme restrictions on access to abortion, and of those  civilians, over 81,000 are women.   Similar to their active-duty counterparts, nearly 43 percent of  civilian women employed by Department of Defense will have no access to  abortion or will have their access severely curtailed in their home  states.   An estimated several thousand transgender men who may require  abortion care also serve on active duty in the Armed Forces and in the  reserve components, in addition to nonbinary members and those who  identify with a different gender.   We cannot continue to deny our service members their most basic and  fundamental healthcare needs.   It must stop now, and it must stop with the voting down of this  severely harmful and outrageous bill.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her  courtesies.  [[Page H4595]]    However, I am particularly concerned as we move forward. This bill  directly impacts the men and women who have unselfishly put on the  uniform.   I am grateful to the chair and ranking member for working together,  but let me be very clear, we have an overall defense bill that is  enormously challenging for the American people.   First, it is important for them to know that the members of the  United States military, women in particular--1 in 5 members of the  military are women--will be blocked from reproductive services that are  necessary. Those women, in particular, that live in the State of Texas  will be blocked from achieving the reproductive health that they need.   The LGBTQ+ community is also negatively impacted by healthcare.   Mr. Chairman, this has nothing to do with military preparedness and  should not be involved. In addition, the general has offered a  commitment to electric vehicles, but yet this bill cuts $714 million.   Mr. Chair, I rise today to say I do not want a government shutdown,  but I would like us to do the right thing. Democrats don't want a  government shutdown. We are obviously fighting against those who are  getting direction from the former President who says to shut it down.   I am very grateful that my amendment dealing with triple negative  breast cancer is in this legislation. This is very important to me. It  seeks to allocate $10 million to fund triple negative breast cancer  research. This issue is extremely important, especially for the brave  men and women in the military who are 20 to 40 percent more likely to  develop breast cancer.   Mr. Chair, I offer my appreciation to both the military and the Biden  administration for making research into breast cancer a priority. This  amendment would allow for more research so that we can one day,  hopefully, learn a way to reduce this most devastating aspect of breast  cancer. This has a more deadlier impact--that is why it is called  triple negative breast cancer--that targets women.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, the Jackson  Lee amendment, and a complete defense bill that responds to the needs  of the United States military.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak in support of the  Jackson Lee Amendment [#90/#233] to H.R. 4365--the Department of  Defense Appropriations Act, 2024.   I want to thank my colleagues on the Rules Committee for making this  amendment in order.   The Jackson Lee Amendment [#90/#233] is a simple and straightforward  amendment in an unfortunate and distracting appropriations bill.   Namely, the Jackson Lee Amendment [#90/#233] seeks to allocate $10  million to fund triple negative breast cancer research.   This issue is extremely important, especially for the brave men and  women in the military, who are up to 20-40 percent more likely to  develop breast cancer.   I must offer my appreciation to both the military and the Biden  administration for making research into breast cancer a priority, but  there is still work to be done.   The Jackson Lee Amendment [#90/#233] would allow for more research so  we can one day hopefully learn a way to reduce the number of military  personnel affected by breast cancer.   Several initiatives I have designed in the past have aided active- duty servicemen and women along with veterans, such as enforcing  accurate reporting of maternity mortality rates among the Armed Forces,  addressing physical and mental health concerns, and securing  authorization for Triple Negative Breast Cancer as well as Post- Traumatic Stress Disorder.   I am very proud of the work that I and Congress have done to address  the health concerns of active duty and veteran servicemen and women,  but there are still improvements to be made.   The men and women who are on the front lines or have already  completed their valiant service to this country have many pressing  issues and challenges they already must face; breast cancer should not  be one of them.   Our service members fight and sacrifice for our freedoms.   Now, as lawmakers, we should be working to ensure to protect their  lives and freedoms--not trying to take their rights away.   While the negatives of this defense appropriations bill  disappointedly outweigh my positive amendment, I urge my colleagues to  vote in favor of the Jackson Lee Amendment [#90/#233]--notwithstanding  my strong opposition and encouragement to vote down the underlying  bill.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I  said that I would come to the floor and each time I would say that I do  not want a government shutdown. I don't want the American people to  suffer, and I want the government to be able to function.   As an almost 20-year member of the authorizing committee of Homeland  Security, I am stunned at the lack of concern that my friends on the  other side of the aisle would have on the government shutdown on  Homeland Security.   These are extensive government employees, many of them represented by  the American Federation of Government Employees. TSOs, of course, would  continue to work in the Transportation Security Administration, but so  many would be working without compensation.   If we are concerned about the border, I don't know why the Southwest  Border Initiative is out, why money for USCIS is eliminated, why  opportunities for shelter services are eliminated, particularly when we  realize that throngs of people are coming here that aren't having the  ability to apply for asylum.    Mr. Chair, the answer to this, of course, is to give  ourselves more time to address the question of serving the American  people.   I rise, as the leader did, to support the bipartisan Senate  continuing resolution, which maintains current funding, takes care of  communities impacted by natural disasters, and provides funding to  Ukraine and contains no poison pills.   If we are serious about doing the job of keeping this government  open, supporting the hardworking American workers, then we will support  the Senate continuing resolution. We will do it  [[Page H4633]]  tomorrow or the next day and save this Nation.   Do not shut down.   