 Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a proud cosponsor of H.  Con. Res. 7, a bipartisan resolution supporting the brave women and men  peacefully protesting for their rights and freedom in Iran.   Fundamental human rights are under attack in Iran. It has been nearly  4 months since the death of 22-year-old Mahsa Amini in the custody of  Iran's so-called morality police for allegedly wearing her headscarf  incorrectly.   Since then, thousands of Iranians have peacefully protested the  regime, calling for their basic rights and freedoms to be respected.  Young women and girls have been horribly beaten for protesting a  repressive, authoritarian government that controls how they dress and  act in public.   In response to these demonstrations, Iran's security forces have  reportedly used live ammunition and tear gas against the protesters,  and horrifically, have killed more than 500 people, including at least  70 children.   It is clear Iran has no problem sentencing their own people to death  simply for joining demonstrations. They are willing to do almost  anything to maintain their grip and control.   The United States must stand unified against the oppressive Iranian  regime and stand up for the Iranian people, whose basic human rights  are being violated. The Iranian people deserve justice and  accountability.   That is why I recently led a bipartisan letter, with my friend and  colleague,   Joe Wilson, calling for the United Nations to take urgent  action to hold Iran accountable for its human rights abuses. Following  our bipartisan effort, I was glad that the U.S. and 43 other countries  supported our call for a U.N. special session on Iran.   At that special session, the U.N. Human Rights Council voted to  establish an independent investigative mechanism into Iran's brutal use  of force and grave human rights abuses.   Today, the bipartisan resolution we are all voting on will also help  shine a light on Iran's human rights abuses. It makes clear that the  United States stands with the people of Iran, that we are watching  closely, and that all Iranians, including young women and girls, are  entitled to the same human rights and fundamental freedoms of all  people around the world.   Mr. Speaker, I am voting ``yes'' on this resolution today, and I  encourage all my colleagues to join with me.   