 Mr. Speaker, in just over 24 hours, if we cannot come  to an honest, responsible, and bipartisan solution on a continuing  resolution to fund federal agencies. we will be forced into a  government shutdown.   Our constituents are relying on us to work together to fulfill our  constitutional responsibility to fund their government. Failing to do  so will harm this nation's children and families, our service members  and veterans, our seniors and our next generation, and all those who  depend on the services and investments our government provides.   Let me be clear: This is a completely avoidable, politically- manufactured crisis, but it will have real consequences for the  American people.   The looming shutdown is the result of a failure to govern by the  House Republican Majority, who have allowed this body's legislative  work to be undermined by an extreme MAGA faction that controls GOP  leadership. Democrats in the House, President Biden, and a bipartisan  Senate have been working for a solution to prevent a shutdown. This  included compromising to meet Republican demands to cap spending levels  for the next two years under the Fiscal Responsibility Act, which  passed both the House and the Senate with bipartisan support and was  signed into law by President Biden less than four months ago. But that  wasn't enough for these GOP extremists.   Instead of doing the serious work of moving bipartisan bills at those  agreed upon levels, this Republican Majority has chosen chaos. They  have chosen to waste months pursuing devastating cuts to the services  the American people rely on, slashing investments in keeping people and  our planet healthy--all while loading up their appropriations bills  with toxic culture war provisions that are discriminating and harmful  to our families and our communities.   And the Continuing Resolution they have brought to the floor today is  nothing more than a continuation of their denial of the serious work  that needs to be done. It does nothing to avoid a shutdown.   Instead, Republicans are holding the American people hostage with a  demand for a 30 precent cut across the board to federal agencies.   This would result in a 74 percent cut to our federal investments in  the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP), literally  leaving families in the cold that is already settling in back home in  Minnesota.   They are proposing to cut nutrition support for Women, Infants, and  Children by 30 percent, taking away a lifeline for hungry families and  pregnant women.   They want to see investments in the health of our communities gutted:   Their bill would mean the loss of thousands of research grants to  cure Alzheimer's disease, cancers, and heart disease;   Thousands of my constituents would lose access to care at their  Community Health Centers, as would millions more rural and underserved  families nationwide;   Millions more who are struggling with opioid addiction or mental  health crises would be denied life-saving support services.   There is no end to the harm and hurt that this extreme Republican  Continuing Resolution would cause to our families, our economy, and our  communities if passed into law. But Speaker McCarthy knows that there  is no chance that this bill will become law because Democrats in the  House, a bipartisan majority of Senators, and President Biden would  never support this betrayal of our responsibilities to our fellow  Americans.   Until the House Republican Majority stops catering to the bullies in  their caucus, we cannot move forward on funding the federal government.   So I invite my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to stop the  chaos.   Join us in doing the serious work of funding our government and  meeting the needs of our constituents. With just five reasonable  Republican votes, we can force Speaker McCarthy to take up a vote on a  bipartisan solution.   America deserves better leadership than what the Chaos Caucus has to  offer.   