 Mr. Chair, it is the height of insanity that Congress  must pass legislation to keep unelected agency bureaucrats from taking  away our ability and right to use gas stoves, which would surely be  followed by cutting off gas to our homes completely.   In fact, that is ultimately the plan.   H.R. 1640, however, will protect our right to make dinner for our  families without Big Government forcing their subpar cooking mandates  on the American public. We are a free people after all--or at least we  used to be.   This bill will stop the Biden administration from intentionally  increasing the cost of cooking and energy and will prevent this absurd  government overreach from taking away even more of our rights.   Natural gas stoves are the preferred cooktop of almost 40 percent of  households in our country used by nearly 187 million people. They are  more efficient  [[Page H2861]]  and three times cheaper than their electric counterparts, so, of  course, this administration would want to ban them.   Look, energy poverty is not just an esoteric concept. It is this  administration's goal.    Energy poverty is this administration's goal. I will  repeat that.   Their policies are actually designed to increase the cost of food,  energy, and housing, and their effort to ban gas stoves is just one  more step in that direction.   Vote to end this madness. Support passage of the STOVE Act.    Mr. Chair, the power of the administrative state to  impose radical and unpopular policies that could never be passed by  Congress violates the separation of powers established by the  Constitution and is a failed business model for running this country.    Section 1 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution grants all  legislative powers to Congress. Over time, however, Congress has  excessively delegated its constitutional charge while failing to  conduct appropriate oversight and retain accountability for the content  of the laws it passes.   The REINS Act is critical to Congress reclaiming its rightful  authority and responsibility to legislate. The purpose of this act is  to increase accountability for and transparency in the Federal  regulatory process.   By requiring a vote in Congress, the REINS Act will result in more  carefully drafted and detailed legislation, an improved regulatory  process, and a legislative branch that is truly accountable to the  American people.   The REINS Act is drafted to address what is often referred to as the  nondelegation doctrine, which is a judicially created concept that has  resulted in a dramatic shift in power from the legislative branch to  the executive branch and is flatout unconstitutional. It is what has  allowed regulatory agencies to adopt regulations and even guidance  documents that may impose economic costs of billions of dollars on  certain industries and businesses and ultimately on the American people  without any congressional oversight or involvement at all.   As an example, a few years ago, the USDA issued guidance requiring  cattle to have radiofrequency ID ear tags for tracking purposes. This  would have imposed a $2 billion cost on the cattle industry, yet the  ranchers had no input and Congress never passed such a law.   The current state of affairs has empowered unelected bureaucrats to  legislate without any accountability whatsoever while allowing Members  of Congress, your elected Representatives, to abdicate their most  important constitutional responsibility, the responsibility to write  the laws.   The REINS Act requires Congress to affirmatively approve agency rules  with an annual economic effect of $100 million before they become  effective.   Prior legislative attempts to rein in the administrative state have  been insufficient. The result is that the administrative state has  continued unabated, imposing unwanted, unwise, unlawful, and  unconstitutional policies with impunity.   What do I mean? In 2021, Congress passed just 143 laws, while Federal  agencies issued 3,257 rules. The REINS Act would require affirmative  congressional approval of major agency rules before they take effect.  It does nothing more than require Congress to do as our Founding  Fathers expected, to legislate, and it promotes electoral  accountability.   I cannot fathom why anyone would oppose such accountability and  course-correcting of this legislative ship. Please put America and your  constituents first. Please hold Congress accountable for legislating,  and please vote ``yes'' on the REINS Act.   