 Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for yielding.   On September 15, 2023, against the strong public outcry from the  local community in Brooklyn and across New York City, the lease signed  by the Biden administration proposes to house at least 2,000 migrants  at Floyd Bennett Field, Brooklyn, at a monthly rent of $1.7 million.   Under the terms of the lease, the city, who will be reimbursed by the  State, will pay the first 3 months up front and the city will be able  to use 30 acres of land at the location. The total cost of the  agreement is over $20.8 million.   According to the mayor of New York City, Eric Adams, who himself has  said this migrant crisis will destroy New York City, so far in fiscal  year 2023, New York City has spent $1.4 billion to deal with this  crisis. It is estimated that the taxpayers will be forced to pay $12  billion by 2025 if this crisis is not handled, meaning, if we do not  stop the unsustainable and unsafe flow of individuals coming through  our southern border.   Additionally, the mayor has said because of this crisis, he has to  propose a 15 percent across-the-board cut for New York City services  for our actual citizens. He wants to bring the number of cops to 1990  levels; thousands of fewer cops on our streets than we had on September  11, 2001.   We are having a hiring freeze for not just the cops, but the school  safety officers. There is no difference than the left's defund the  police agenda than this. This is defunding the police to pay for  citizens of other countries to receive free housing and services. They  are just not calling it that.   The gentleman who spoke prior on the other side of the aisle says  that we have to get to the root of the problem. You are absolutely  right. Our mayor, by the way, is misinterpreting the right-to-shelter  decree, which is intended for homeless New Yorkers, mandating the city  to house homeless New Yorkers, not citizens of other countries.   Madam Chair, if there is any question about that, we sued, and a  judge on Staten Island reaffirmed what we have been saying, that the  city has no obligation to house citizens of other countries, and the  decree was meant for homeless New Yorkers.   However, the mayor continues to use luxury hotel rooms, crushing  tourism in New York. They are using school spaces, whether they are  former Catholic schools--and they have even used public school gyms and  cafeterias at one point--or public and open spaces such as park land,  and even assisted living facilities. They actually went so far as to  kick a bunch of seniors out of assisted living facilities in my  district and then turned around and made it a migrant shelter.   How is that fair for the citizens of New York?   Let's get to the root of the problem. The root of the problem is that  the President of the United States chose to put in place executive  orders that dismantled public safety, that took away the tools of our  Customs and Border Patrol agents, that allowed for a free flow of  individuals into the country, 1.7 million of them.   We don't know who they are, where they are, or what their intention  is. Then the other 6-million-plus that applied for asylum, guess what,  50 percent of those cases are denied in court. People are abusing the  asylum system to gain entry into this country, to be released into this  country. Most don't show up to court. When they do, 50 percent of those  cases are denied.   We need to go back to enforcing the laws, making sure there is a  proper process in this country for people, yes, to apply for asylum.   My mother is a Cuban refugee. I support people coming to this country  and applying for asylum the right way.   What is the right way? The right way is you go to the next safe  country.   We have people from over 120 countries coming through the southern  border. We only have two countries bordering the United States, yet we  have people from 120 countries, which means the process is not being  followed.   Madam Chair, I will tell you something else. This is very unfair to  immigrants. I don't know if the other side understands what this  President is doing. He has a ``last in, first in approach,'' which  means that the people coming over the border are having their cases  heard first.   So the people who have been waiting in line for years--and there is a  10-year backlog right now because of this crisis the President  created--those people are not being heard and they are having their  cases pushed back even further. How is that right?  [[Page H5961]]    Maybe you are the party that is anti-immigrant, that you are letting  people who applied the right way, who came to this country the right  way, to be stuck and pushed to the back of the line.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, the sponsor of this amendment asked the  question: Do these individuals have a legal right to apply for asylum?  The answer is yes. The thing is, they are supposed to be applying from  the next safe country. We have over 120 countries represented at our  southern border. We are only bordered by two. Therefore, they are not  following the process and are coming illegally.   The cartels are the ones benefiting from the current process as it  is. I hope the other side understands that these individuals, every  single one of them, are paying the cartels thousands of dollars to be  trafficked into the United States. That money is then used to continue  to pump fentanyl into the United States, killing Americans. Let's stop  bankrolling the drug cartels that are profiting from this human  trafficking.   Next, let me point out that this process is not safe for anyone--not  the migrants, either. That is why I don't understand why my colleagues  want to continue to encourage people, instead of applying from the next  safe country, to take this treacherous journey at the hands of the drug  cartels.   By the way, my colleague Tony Gonzales, who represents Eagle Pass,  just told me that 14 individuals drowned this Thanksgiving weekend  alone in Eagle Pass.   We have the Doctors Without Borders report that says in Panama alone,  in just 1 month, hundreds of women and children were raped. We know  that is a common occurrence, so why are we encouraging people to take  that treacherous journey instead of applying from the next safe  country?   Lastly, Floyd Bennett Field, it was mentioned that it was unsafe, as  indicated in the lawsuit brought by the councilwoman and others. I am a  party to that lawsuit. It floods. There was no NEPA process. All of a  sudden, my colleagues on the other side don't want to conduct a full,  thorough NEPA environmental impact statement as required by law.   Why did they bypass that? If they didn't, they would know that it is  a flood zone and unsafe for people to be living there.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Westerman).    Mr. Chair, the bottom line here is that we need to  secure the border. We passed H.R. 2, which can stem this unsustainable  flow. Unfortunately, a lot of my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle  [[Page H5970]]  voted against H.R. 2. That is the real solution. We need to secure our  border.   Let's revert to the policies that were working previous to Joe Biden  dismantling our border and making it open. It is unsafe and  unsustainable for both American citizens as well as the individuals who  are taking the treacherous journey at the hands of the drug cartels,  which are profiting off of this human trafficking. Our government  should not allow it to continue.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   