 Mr. Speaker, for centuries, African Americans were  systematically denied the opportunity to pursue a higher education,  build wealth, and achieve financial independence, leaving behind a  painful legacy of discrimination that persists to this day.   Let us not forget. It was in 1963--only six decades ago--when Black  students were finally allowed to enroll alongside their peers at the  University of Alabama.   Almost half of the members serving in this be today were alive at  that time.   Make no mistake--we have made tremendous progress since then. For the  past four decade colleges and universities across this nation have had  the freedom to build student bodies that reflect the diversity of our  great nation.   With the blessing of the Supreme Court, these schools have used  affirmative action policies as a tool to break down educational  barriers for students who would otherwise be left behind.   Tragically, two weeks ago, in an extreme reversal, this Republican- controlled Court has  [[Page H3203]]  once again chosen to ignore our history and roll back our progress.   By banning affirmative action in college admissions, the Supreme  Court has deprived us of a critical tool in our continued fight for  equality and justice for all.   Not only is this decision a blatant attack on educational  opportunity, it also upends nearly 40 years of precedent, undermining  the sacred trust that the American people have placed in the Court.   From voting rights, to reproductive freedom, to educational  opportunities, this Court has demonstrated time and time again that it  is willing to ignore history, ignore precedent, and ignore common sense  in order to strip away our freedoms and roll back our progress.   Mr. Speaker, we know that ignoring our past will not make it go away.  In the words of Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson, ``deeming race  irrelevant in law does not make it so in life.''   If we are going to address the injustices of the past, we must be  intentional about leveling the playing field and providing  opportunities to those who have been left behind.   After all, our entire nation benefits when talented students of  diverse backgrounds get a fair shot at success.   Despite this shameful decision, we must not be deterred. Let this  decision serve as a reminder that progress is elusive, and every  generation must fight to preserve the progress of the past and advance  it.   Now is the time to redouble our efforts and to hold this nation  accountable to its highest ideals of equality and justice for all.   Until every American can enjoy the full promise of our democracy, our  work continues.   