 Mr. Speaker, I am appreciative of the courtesies of  the chairwoman and the courtesies of the ranking member because I am a  recipient of student loans.   As we proceed, the minimal amount that each person would get, in many  instances, will be life-starting and life-igniting.   This is not about deadbeat persons. This is about the excessive  overburdening of our students in the 21st century who have been  enrolled in schools with excessive fees and tuition.   This was not bureaucrats making decisions. This was an analytic  assessment of how heavy a burden it is on working persons with student  debt. They were not able to make ends meet. Some were not able to  purchase first homes. Some were not able to make payments on other  necessities or raise their families.   I am disappointed that we are at this point of trying to undo the  President's thoughtful effort at giving Americans, all Americans across  this country, an opportunity to continue their economic growth, to use  their education in the service of others. Many of these persons are  teachers. Many of these persons are from middle-class working families  who are simply trying not to be in debt, and to be responsible for the  obligation that they had to make in order to be, in instances, the  first person that ever went to college in their family.   Mr. Speaker, let me ask my colleagues to allow--in spite of court  decisions, and this particular underlying motion--allow these people to  begin their life and to contribute, contribute to the economic engine  of this Nation.     These student loans were well invested because they  are now, many of them, in the workforce.   I want to add another component. Sometimes in life there are hills  and valleys. Many of these individuals may have had some difficulty,  may have been unemployed for a period of time. If you talk to these  young people, or individuals that have had this student debt who are  not young people anymore, some crisis in their life prevented them from  making these payments. Mr. Speaker, it topples them. It just doesn't  give them a moment to breathe. It is not that they are trying to  default on the United States of America or be a deadbeat. We will be  better off to give them another lifeline so they can contribute to this  society.   That is all this effort was. It was not frivolous. It was not  selecting people who didn't want to pay. There was an application  process, and it is a legitimate way of responding to the outcries of  Americans and young people. Let us not approve this disapproval.   