 Madam President, the current permitting process in the  United States is as outdated as that seventies' shag carpet in your  grandma's house. It is true. A lot has changed since that old ``rug,''  known as the National Environmental Policy Act, was installed in 1970.   Today, the Democrats like to preach that America is ready for the  green energy revolution, but the facts just don't line up. Case in  point: More than 92 percent of energy projects currently backlogged in  the permitting process are solar and wind projects.   Just last week in a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing,  Secretary of Energy Jennifer Granholm promised that our DOD, Department  of Defense, could make our entire military fleet electric vehicles by  2030--all of them electric by 2030, just a little under 7 years from  now.   I pressed her on how in the world our Pentagon could accomplish this  in that short timeframe and, frankly, why it is a top priority for our  Nation's military in the first place.   Folks, right now, China--China--controls the EV supply chain. The  communist regime produces about 75 percent of all lithium-ion batteries  that power those electric vehicles.   Over 70 percent of the world's cobalt mining occurs in the Democratic  Republic of Congo, done by child labor. The remainder of the cobalt  primarily comes from CCP-owned firms. To mine all of these minerals,  China relies on slave labor.   This is absolutely unacceptable. Increasing reliance on the Chinese  Communist Party and supporting their malign actions is a nonstarter.   In my exchange with Secretary Granholm in this Armed Services  Committee meeting, she tried to tout the President's ``Invest in  America'' agenda, saying: 150 battery companies have announced they are  coming or expanding to the United States to do business.   That does sound great, right?   Well, these businesses are in for a real treat. The big hand of  Washington, guided by the Biden administration, is ready and waiting to  prevent these businesses from actually mining, procuring, and  processing minerals needed for their batteries right here at home. The  problem is, right now, on average, it takes 4\1/2\ years to simply get  an environmental review for a project.   When the permitting process takes longer than the actual building  process, that should raise a red flag.   Let's remove the redtape. The best strategy to confront our growing  energy needs is to utilize the abundance of energy-producing natural  resources that our country was blessed with and encourage alternative  energy production methods. By increasing the use of renewables, like  homegrown Iowa biofuel, and building on the advances in energy  efficiency, we have the ability to pursue an energy strategy right here  in America that creates jobs, lowers costs, and reduces our dependence  upon our foreign adversaries like China. New clean energy projects  bring economic benefits and jobs to rural areas, including my home  State of Iowa.   The Biden administration claims to ``build back better,'' but in  today's reality, we simply can't build anything. It is time we pass  commonsense permitting reform and get Washington bureaucrats out of the  way.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   