 Mr. President, I want to thank the leader for his strong  words about the importance of making sure we advance our military  leaders when they have been approved for promotion and pay increases.   You know, most people are aware that the Senate votes on nominees who  have been appointed by the President to occupy top roles in almost all  parts of the Federal Government--Cabinet Secretaries, judges,  Ambassadors. Less well known is the fact that the Senate must also vote  to approve thousands of military promotions every year. So if a colonel  has done well on the job and their service's promotion board decides  they are ready to be a brigadier general, the Senate must vote to  approve  [[Page S1324]]  this promotion before it can go through.   Now, typically, this vote is a formality. These promotions are  processed in big batches rather than one at a time, and they usually  happen without even taking a recorded vote. But right now, the Senator  from Alabama has imposed a hold on all, every single senior military  nomination and promotion. That means that one Senator is personally  standing in the way of promotions for 184 of our top-level military  leaders. One Senator is holding up pay raises for men and women in  uniform. One Senator is blocking key senior military leaders from  taking their posts. One Senator is jeopardizing America's national  security.   Think for a minute about what this looks like. These holds deprive  military families of the pay increases they have earned, because the  nominee's new pay cannot take effect until the promotion goes through.  Without formally being assigned to a change of duty, families can't  make decisions right now about moving or enrolling kids in a new school  for the next school year.   The Chief of Staff of the Army has said: What it really does, it  affects the families and some of the kids. And they are trying to  figure out where they are going to school, where they are going to  move. And all those things kind of come into the readiness of the  force. For families with special needs, there may be even more  significant delays to access important services.   Secretary Austin has stated that this delay ``creates a ripple effect  through the Force that makes us far less ready than we need to be.''   So why is one Senator--one Senator--punishing 184 dedicated men and  women who actively serve in our military, all because he personally  disagrees with a single policy decision from the Pentagon?   Now, look, it is no secret that I disagree with a lot of policy  decisions from the Pentagon. As Senators, we have a lot of tools to  shape and influence government policies--tools that we can use without  putting our national defense at risk. We can pass laws. We can conduct  oversight. We can meet with administration officials. We can hold  hearings. Occasionally, a Senator may object to an individual  nomination, usually to indicate opposition to that appointment or to  insist on answers to questions from a Federal Agency. I have done this  myself in the past, as have many of my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle. But that is not what the Senator from Alabama is doing. Instead,  he is blocking every single top military leader from advancing  indefinitely. He snared all 184 top-level servicemembers who are  currently slated for advancement, and he stopped every single one of  them dead in their tracks.   Like me, the Senator from Alabama serves on the Senate Armed Services  Committee. As a consequence, he has many more opportunities than most  Senators to influence DOD policy. He has many more opportunities to  question witnesses, many more opportunities to receive briefings, and  many more opportunities to influence the annual Defense bill that  Congress passes every single year to govern Pentagon operations. He has  many opportunities that do not actively threaten our national security.  He has not raised any individual objections to the 184 servicemembers  whose promotions are now held up in the Senate, and he has not raised  any objections to the process by which these men and women were vetted  and nominated. No. The Senator is blocking 184 top military promotions  because he disagrees with the Department of Defense policy to help  servicemembers and their families access needed healthcare-- specifically, to travel to access abortion care. I disagree with the  Senator on that issue, but if he wants to press for votes to reverse  DOD's healthcare policies, he can do that. I will oppose him. But if I  lose and if Congress changes the law, then DOD will change its  policies. That is how democracy works.    Holding up the promotion of every single military nominee isn't  democracy; it is extortion, and that kind of extortion has serious  consequences for our national defense. These holds pose a grave threat  to our national security and to our military readiness. They actively  hurt our ability to respond quickly to threats around the world.   Just take a look at the list of 184 people who have already been  approved for promotions. The 184 people whom the Senator from Alabama  has blocked so far include nominations for the next commander of the  U.S. Fifth Fleet in the Middle East, nomination for the next commander  of the Seventh Fleet in the Pacific, our next military representative  to NATO, and the current Director of Intelligence for U.S. Cyber  Command. It includes our next Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic  Deterrence and Integration for the Air Force. It includes a top  official in Birmingham's Army Reserves. And it includes the former  Chief of Staff for Operation Warp Speed, a program the Senator from  Alabama has repeatedly credited for saving millions of American lives.   In fact, the Senator from Alabama is singlehandedly holding up 11  three-star commanders, three recipients of Silver Stars, and three  Purple Heart recipients. These are brave servicemembers who deserve  better than to be stuck in an administrative hell, waiting for a single  Senator to release them to the promotions and the assignments and the  pay increases that their military leaders determined that they have  already earned.   The Department of Defense has warned that these blanket holds are  making the United States more vulnerable to threats from foreign actors  like China, North Korea, and Iran. In the coming months, approximately,  80 three- and four-star generals and admirals, including the leaders of  the Army, Navy, and Marine Corps, will reach the end of their current  terms, and new nominees will be slotted to replace them.   In addition, if the Senator's reckless hold is not lifted and if the  Senate cannot confirm a new Chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the  President may be without a principal military adviser. By the end of  this year, we could have 650 generals and flag officers waiting for  Senate confirmation.   The Senator from Alabama's response to his actions is to say that he  will keep these holds in place ``until hell freezes over'' unless DOD  changes its healthcare travel policy. I sincerely hope that is not true  because holding hostage nearly the entire military leadership of the  U.S.A. at a time when we are facing military threats around the world  and our allies are literally engaged in war in Europe is dangerous; it  is reckless; and it needs to stop right now.   As chair of the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel, I  care deeply about protecting our servicemembers and the integrity of  our promotion system. These holds are depriving families of pay raises  that they have earned. We are talking about grocery money for families.  These servicemembers are being treated disrespectfully--people who  should be treated with dignity and respect. And unless there is some  specific problem with an individual nominee, those who have been  nominated for a new rank or a new post should get the advancement that  the Pentagon has already recommended for them.   No more politics. I am here today to respectfully ask my colleague  from Alabama to let these promotions move forward and to find other  ways to continue advocating for the policy changes that he wants to  see. I am hopeful that he will set aside politics and do what is the  right thing and allow these servicemembers to carry out their  responsibilities to our Nation.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 90.  If confirmed, this nominee would be America's military representative  to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Military Committee. This  Boston University graduate was the first woman to serve as president of  the Naval War College. At this critical juncture of Russia's illegal  invasion of Ukraine, we need her leadership in NATO now more than ever.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  consideration of Calendar No. 90; that the Senate vote on the  nomination without intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate; that any statements related to the  nomination be printed in the Record; and that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.  [[Page S1325]]     Mr. President, let's be clear what is at issue here. The  Department of Defense has said if a servicemember requires reproductive  healthcare for themselves or for a member of their family, care that is  not available in the location where the member is currently stationed,  the member can request time away from the base to travel elsewhere for  treatment.   As Pentagon leaders have testified, military commanders respect the  privacy of servicemembers and do not request information about the  specific medical treatment or who it is for.   The Senator from Alabama doesn't like that. He is worried that a  servicemember might--might--be seeking an abortion for themselves or  for a family member. And he doesn't think the Department of Defense  should participate in that in any way. Fine.   The Senator from Alabama can advocate for a bill to invade the  medical privacy of every single servicemember. He can advocate for a  bill that requires every commanding officer to do what no private  employer can do, and that is to rifle through a servicemember's  personal medical information. The Senator from Alabama can seek to  change Federal law so that a commanding officer interrogates a  servicemember with questions like: Do you need time off because you are  having trouble getting pregnant? Has your wife had a miscarriage? How  many weeks pregnant are you? Was your daughter raped?   These are not questions that commanding officers want to ask, nor  should they be authorized or required to ask them.   Now, Senator Tuberville can push for a vote on the bill he cosponsors  to ban the Department from providing paid leave or transportation to  access reproductive care. Frankly, I don't think the Senator has enough  support in Congress to pass any bill like that.   And I understand the Senator's frustration. Many of us have proposals  to change Pentagon policies that don't have enough support in Congress  to pass, but that is not an excuse to jeopardize our active military  operations all around the world.   I confess, I am a little stunned by the Senator from Alabama's  argument here. I had not been aware that it was a controversial view  that our military needs officers in charge of the Fifth Fleet or the  Seventh Fleet, our fleets in the Pacific and in the Middle East.   It is pretty alarming to hear the Senator suggest that we don't need  leaders running the Army, the Navy, and the Marine Corps. Every  President since World War II would probably disagree that there is no  need for a chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.   Now, look, if the Senator from Alabama thinks that there should be  fewer high-level leaders in the Armed Forces, he could advance  legislation to reform our leadership structures. But blocking leaders  from taking the jobs to which they have been assigned is reckless.   Not only that, these delays are felt throughout the ranks since this  creates, as Secretary Austin described it, a ripple effect throughout  the military. It is cruel to our servicemembers. Just because you are  not going to run the Army does not mean that your promotion does not  matter. As Army Chief of Staff McConville recently testified to the  Senate Armed Services Committee, these delays affect both the families  and some of the kids. They are trying to figure out where they are  going to school, where they are going to move.    I think back to my own three brothers. All three of them served in  the military. My oldest brother was career military. I cannot imagine a  circumstance where he had worked, he had put his life on the line, he  served in combat off and on for 6 years, and yet to be told that  although the Air Force thought he was ready, had served, had been an  exemplary member of the military, that he could not have his promotion,  he could not have his pay increase, he could not go to his next  assignment all because one Senator decided to hold it up over a  different discussion about policy.   I would urge my colleague from Alabama to find another way to press  for the policy changes that he wants at the Department. I heard him say  that he had read the letter that I had sent to Secretary Austin asking  about the impact on our military. Secretary Austin has already spoken  to that, but I hope he will be responding soon to my letter.   But I hope that these words from the Senator, that he is looking  forward to Secretary Austin's response, have at least opened the door,  that if Secretary Austin says: This has an effect on our military  readiness, that the Senator from Alabama will be prepared to lift his  objection and let what are, currently, 184 members of the military go  forward and the ones who need to go forward in the future.   So I hope he has left the door open for that. The Senator from  Alabama and I fundamentally disagree on the issue of abortion. We  disagree on Department of Defense policies. But all of us should be  able to agree that a blockade of the promotion of every single senior  member of our Nation's military creates unacceptable risks to our  national security, and it needs to stop right now.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 94.  Collectively, these 37 nominees in Calendar No. 94 have served in the  Army for nearly a thousand years.   This list includes a commanding officer stationed in South Korea, the  head of plans for central command, and the deputy chief of staff in the  fight against ISIS. The list also includes the deputy provost marshal  general for the Office of the Provost Marshal General, which is  responsible for all--all--of the Army's policing functions.   There is also a graduate of Auburn University, where the Senator from  Alabama was once head coach. And I am sure that this servicemember  never expected that his promotion would be blocked by the Senator from  Alabama.   Mr. President, I renew my request with respect to Calendar No. 94.    So, Mr. President, I have great respect for the Senator  from Utah. I appreciate that he is very careful about citing law and  often comes to  [[Page S1328]]  this body to talk about reading the actual words of a statute. And so  he read to us 10 U.S.C. 1093(a), which prohibits Federal funds--and he  should look back at the verb--``to perform'' abortion. It also, in  section (b), prohibits using military facilities--bases, hospital  rooms, clinics--to perform abortions.   Now, I appreciate that the Senator from Utah read those words because  it is pretty clear from those words that DOD policy here does not  violate congressional prohibitions on the Federal Government paying for  abortions or permitting them to happen in Federal facilities other than  the exceptions noted in the statute. All that is happening in this  particular bill is clarifying that servicemembers who need to travel  out of State to access any kind--and I want to underline ``any kind''-- of reproductive healthcare that is not available where they are  stationed, can request time off and go get that care for themselves or  a family member.   Servicemembers remain personally responsible for bearing the full  medical cost for abortions that fall outside the narrow exceptions  provided by law.   Now, I will say it again as clearly as I can: I oppose congressional  restrictions on funding for basic medical care. I would like Congress  to end those restrictions, but that hasn't happened, and I am not about  to hold up every major military promotion in the United States and hold  them hostage to try to force it to happen.   Any one Senator has the right to hold up every military promotion,  but it is irresponsible, and it endangers our national security.   Now, the Senator from Utah suggested that somehow the Department of  Defense did not already have authority to do that.   The Department of Defense clearly has the authority to carry out the  policy in question. Multiple statutes have provided the Secretary of  Defense with broad statutory authority to pay for the travel and  transportation expenses of servicemembers and other authorized  travelers. It has been in place for a long time and has been used  repeatedly.   I want to make another point here, though. Limiting the authority to  do that should be considered very, very carefully if we don't want to  endanger the ability of the Department to respond to unexpected  threats.   Again, if the Senator from Utah or the Senator from Alabama thinks  that the DOD has exceeded its authority or that the authority didn't  exist in the first place, then that Senator can conduct oversight or  seek to change the law. The place for that debate is through the  legislative and oversight process, not in blocking the promotions of  every single military official in this country.   I am shocked to hear the Senator from Utah repeat the argument that  somehow it doesn't matter if 184 leaders in the military are blocked  from going to their next posts, are blocked from receiving their  promotions, are blocked from receiving their pay increases. I would  remind, with respect, both of my colleagues that we are talking about  here the next commander of the Fifth Fleet in the Middle East. We are  talking about the next commander of the Seventh Fleet in the Pacific.  We are talking about our next military representative to NATO. We are  talking about the current Director of Intelligence for U.S. Cyber  Command, and on and on and on. Taking hostages like this does not  promote the national security. It endangers our national security.   I just want to say that the argument that the Senator from Utah has  used that somehow by providing the full range--access to the full  range--of reproductive healthcare services means that the military is  trying to tell women not to have babies is downright insulting. First  of all, reproductive healthcare services include efforts to get  pregnant. It also includes enough privacy that nobody--no commanding  officer--is asking about your current circumstances on whether you are  trying to get pregnant, whether it is succeeding, how much trouble you  are having, what kind of services you have used, and why you want to go  somewhere else to get them.   It means treating people with respect, and treating people with  respect means treating them like grownups to make their own decisions.  And if they can't get the services they need because they are stationed  in a place where those services are not available, they don't have the  choice to pick a different place to work. They go where their  commanders tell them. What this policy says is that they have the right  to ask their commanding officer, without additional information, for an  opportunity to leave the area and go somewhere else where they can get  access to the services they need. I believe that that is the way we  show respect for people who have babies.   I also want to say, if the Senator from Utah and the Senator from  Alabama are hard on the question of supporting people in our military,  women having more babies, then, by golly, join us in the fight to put  more money into pre-K and more money into DOD schools, more money into  flexible spending accounts to cover childcare costs, more money into  promoting new parental leave policies to provide 12 weeks of paid leave  when a woman has a baby.   As the Senator from Utah has acknowledged, DOD's travel policy covers  people who are doing more than having abortions. Travel policy is not a  vacation. Servicemembers, under this policy, are limited to--and I will  read the words--``the minimum number of days essential to receive the  required care and travel'' as quickly as possible.   The message this policy sends is that the Department of Defense,  unlike the Senator from Utah and unlike the Senator from Alabama,  supports women in making their own healthcare decisions. This policy  was based on conversations and support groups and focus groups with  servicemembers. This is what servicemembers said they needed. This is  the support they want.   I am much more troubled by the signal sent by Republican Senators who  are holding up the Department of Defense from protecting women's  healthcare.   I look forward to working with the Senator from Utah and the Senator  from Alabama in order to work on more policies to support military  families.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 84.  If confirmed, this nominee would command the Fifth Fleet, which  operates in the Middle East.   Unless the Senator from Alabama thinks that the Fifth Fleet doesn't  matter, I would remind him that, last year, the Fifth Fleet prevented  an Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps navy vessel from confiscating a  Fifth Fleet unmanned surface vessel in the Arabian Gulf. If we want to  ensure that the Islamic Revolutionary Guard doesn't take other U.S.  assets in the region, we cannot possibly support leaving this command  post vacant.   Mr. President, I renew my request with respect to Calendar No. 84.    Mr. President, I listen to the Senator from Utah as he  works mightily to twist the language of the statute, which is entirely  clear: The Federal Government cannot perform abortions. Federal money  cannot be used to ``perform.'' That is the relevant verb here. Under  this policy from the Department of Defense, the individual who gets an  abortion or whose family member gets an abortion is responsible for all  of the costs of the performance of that abortion. That part is clear.   But I am very troubled by what the Senator from Utah said about  fertility treatments. He said he would be glad to remove all objections  if he knew that someone were going to get a fertility treatment or  fertility treatments but just not if someone were going to get an  abortion. I would like to suggest, with respect, a couple of things  here.   The first one is, you may want to understand the science a little bit  better because one of the consequences of many fertility treatments is  that it doesn't work and results in an abortion, in which case, someone  who goes for fertility treatments knows that they may be signing up  down the line for an abortion because, although they very much wanted  to have a baby, it did not work out. This is where they find themselves  medically and is the decision that they want to be able to make for  themselves--a decision that the Senator from Utah wants to take away  from them.   I also want to make the point about--we asked this in committee, the  Senator may remember, in the Senate Armed Services Committee hearings,  to the commanders to the military commanders, the commanding officers:  Do they want to ask these questions? And the answer was, across the  board, no, they don't want to be in the business of asking why it is  that you need reproductive healthcare services and then making the  careful calculation about whether or not your wife is in the middle of  what appears to be a miscarriage and she needs to go somewhere where  she can get treatment because she can't get it where the base is  located. That is a stunningly intrusive question to ask--one that, by  the way, no private employer could ask.   If the Senator from Utah and if the Senator from Alabama want to  change the law and say that it should be the job of commanding officers  to ask each woman who says, ``I need time to travel elsewhere for  reproductive services,'' and to inquire into detail about their  healthcare needs and substitute their own decisions about what is the  appropriate healthcare response, they could try to promote a bill for  that. I don't think the Senators are going to get the votes in the U.S.  Senate.   Put it up if that is what you want to do, but you don't get to do it  through the backdoor by saying, when it now turns out that  servicemembers find out they need reproductive care that is not  available near the bases where they have been stationed by their  military command, that they cannot travel elsewhere for that care.   The Senator talks about the spirit of the law. The spirit of the law  is that we respect our servicemembers and that we respect the women of  the military to make their own healthcare decisions. That is what this  rule from the Department of Defense is all about.   So, in a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No.  49. This is a person who was the Chief of Staff for Operation Warp  Speed, one of the greatest achievements of the Trump administration to  rapidly develop tests and distribute lifesaving COVID vaccines. We  should all be grateful for his leadership, not hold up his promotion to  play political games.   I will also be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 113. If  confirmed, this would be the commander for the Naval Sea Systems  Command, which manages 150 acquisition programs and billions of dollars  in foreign military sales. This role is crucial to making sure the Navy  gets the ships it needs on time and on cost, and holding it up only  hurts great power competition with China.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 82.  These 27 Air Force nominees have collectively served their country for  over 600 years. Among the nominees is a NASA astronaut who received his  master's degree from MIT and commanded NASA's third longest duration  commercial crew mission.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 85.  If confirmed, this nominee would command the Seventh Fleet, which  operates in the Pacific and is the Navy's largest forward-deployed  fleet. If our country wants to check Chinese aggression, we must ensure  this post is filled with strong and capable leadership.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 47.  If confirmed, this nominee would be the commanding general for the U.S.  Army Space and Missile Defense Command and the U.S. Army Forces  Strategic Command. This nominee has held air and missile defense  assignments throughout the Middle East, the Indo-Pacific, and Europe.  America needs someone with this kind of experience to be confirmed for  this post.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 97.  Collectively, these 60 nominees have served in the Navy for more than  400 years. Among these nominees is an MIT graduate who served as the  commander of the USS Gerald Ford--the  [[Page S1330]]  first new aircraft carrier class we have built in over 40 years. He has  logged 2,600 hours in 22 different aircraft. He is eager to serve his  country, and he is being held up by one man in the U.S. Senate.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 46.  This nominee studied at the Air War College at Maxwell Air Force Base  in Alabama. He currently serves as commander of the 10th Medical Group  and commands surgeons at the U.S. Air Force Academy. Leaders like her  ensure the health and readiness of our military.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 83.  This nominee studied at the Squadron Officer School at Maxwell Air  Force Base in Alabama, as well as the Air Command and Staff College and  the Air War College in Alabama. Alabama has invested a lot in her. She  is now capable and ready to serve as the Chief of Staff for the Air  Mobility Command at Scott Air Force Base in Illinois. She should be  confirmed.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 48.  If confirmed, she would serve as Deputy Chief of Staff for the Army's  G-4, which is responsible for the Army's strategy policy plans and  programming for logistics and sustainment. If we want to be ready to  fight, we need to confirm her position.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 50.  Collectively, these two women--two women--have served the Army for over  60 years. They deserve to be promoted.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 51.  If confirmed, he would serve as Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic  Deterrence and Nuclear Integration for the Air Force. As we contend  with Russia's reckless threats to use nuclear weapons against Ukraine  and China rising as a nuclear power, we need sober and expert advice to  keep Americans safe from the threat of nuclear weapons. We need to  confirm him.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 52.  If confirmed, this nominee would be the Military Deputy and Director  for the Army Acquisition Corps. The Army is not only leading and  modernizing our own forces, they are playing an essential role in  making sure Ukraine has all of the munitions and weapons for victory  against Russia. We cannot--cannot--allow this post to become vacant.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 86.  Collectively, these 11 nominees have served over 275 years in the Air  Force. Among these nominees is the commander of the 439th Airlift Wing  at Westover Air Reserve Base in Massachusetts, the largest Air Reserve  base in our Nation.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 87.  Collectively, these two nominees have served the Air Force for over 55  years. One of the nominees currently serves as mobilization assistant  to the command surgeon for Air Combat Command, which is responsible for  the health of 81,000 Active-Duty and civilian personnel.   The holds imposed by the Senator from Alabama are punishing the  people who make sure that those who serve are healthy enough to combat  any threat to U.S. national security.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 88.  Collectively, these 10 nominees have served over 280 years, with nearly  20,000 flying hours of experience. These nominees include a Special  Operations forces commander, a mobilization assistant to the commander  responsible for training 293,000 students a year, and another  mobilization assistant to the commander of Space Operations Command.   I know how important space operations are to the Senator from  Alabama. I cannot believe he is willing to jeopardize these essential  missions to train and lead our forces.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 89.  This nominee is currently commanding the largest Army command in the  Caribbean. That promotion was particularly significant for him  personally because he is from Puerto Rico. During his promotion  ceremony, he said that he assumed the command ``fully aware of the dire  consequences to our Nation and to our freedom if we fail to sustain a  high level of readiness in a world in which security challenges are  becoming more complex.'' Blocking his promotion only exacerbates those  security challenges.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 91.  This nominee is currently serving in Birmingham, AL, as the Chief of  Staff, United States Army Reserve Deployment Support Command. This is a  constituent of the Senator from Alabama who cannot receive the  promotion he deserves.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 92.  This nominee is currently the Director for Joint Reserve Intelligence  Support Element for Europe and Eurasia for the Defense Intelligence  Agency, helping to make sure Ukraine and our allies in Europe have the  critical national security information they need to be victorious on  the battlefield. Yet she can't receive the promotion she deserves  because the Senator from Alabama is playing politics with women's  healthcare.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 93.  This nominee is currently the deputy commander for support for  providing security assistance to Ukraine. He is doing everything he can  to make sure Ukraine defeats Russia. Yet the Senator from Alabama is  making sure he doesn't advance to the promotion he has clearly earned.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 95.  Collectively, these eight nominees have served in the Marine Corps for  over 200 years. They deserve their promotions.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 96.  Collectively, these nominees have served the Navy for over 55 years.  Both are currently serving in the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery,  making them responsible for the health and safety of our sailors, our  marines, and their families. The pandemic has already driven so many  skilled healthcare professionals out of the workforce. We need to  retain and promote these kinds of professionals to continue to protect  the readiness of our forces.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 98.  Collectively, these two nominees have served the Navy for 55 years.  Both nominees are making sure the Navy has the supplies needed to be  ready, including one currently serving as the Chief of Staff for Navy  logistics who supports our fleet in the Pacific. A mother of three, she  has fought to make sure the Navy is supporting other mothers who serve.   The Department has done the right thing to support women's rights,  while the Senator from Alabama is fighting to take those rights away.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 99.  These two nominees have collectively served the Navy for over 60 years.  Both nominees have extensive experience managing our major weapons  programs, and this promotion would place one of them in charge of  aircraft carrier programs. Making sure our weapons work and enhance  security is one of the most important missions, and we need to retain  that experience if we want to keep our Nation safe. The Senator from  Alabama's actions threaten to drive people like these nominees out of  the military.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 100.  This nominee is currently serving as the Director of Health and  Training at the Defense Health Agency and is a recognized member of the  American Board of General Dentistry. If he is confirmed, he will be the  Deputy Chief of the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery. Our servicemembers  deserve the best healthcare we can deliver, and promoting people like  this nominee ensures that we uphold the highest standards of care.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 101.  If confirmed, this nominee would be the commander of Naval Supply  Systems Command, which makes sure the Navy has everything they need to  serve all around the world.   The rear admiral who helped Americans understand the importance of  naval power to national security put it best when he said that  logistics was ``as vital to military success as daily food is to daily  work.''  [[Page S1331]]    The Senator from Alabama's actions deprive our Navy of the leadership  the Navy counts on so that they will reliably have the tools they need  to succeed militarily.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 102.  These 13 nominees have collectively served in the Navy for over 400  years. These nominees include multiple commanders of carrier strike  groups, including one born in Springfield, MA. Another nominee is the  Deputy Director of Special Operations and Counterterrorism for the  Joint Staff. If confirmed, one nominee would command the Naval Surface  Force, which is responsible for manning, training, and equipping the  entire surface force. If my colleagues want to protect the seas and  fight terrorists, they should not stand in the way of these promotions.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 103.  This nominee is currently the executive assistant for the Director of  the Defense Intelligence Agency. If we want to continue to make sure  the United States has the best information about current and future  threats, we should confirm people like this, not hold up the promotions  they have already earned.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 104.  These two nominees have collectively served the Navy for over 55 years.  One nominee is currently serving as information warfare commander for  Carrier Strike Group 5 in Yokosuka, Japan. The other is the Chief of  Staff for U.S. Fleet Cyber Command and the Tenth Fleet. As we continue  to see warfare expand to the information and cyber domains, we need to  promote Navy captains like this.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 105.  These four nominees have collectively served the Navy for over 100  years. They include a Boston University graduate managing the Navy's  new frigate program and the commander of America's shipyard in Norfolk.  The Senator from Alabama knows better than most how much work we need  to do to reach the Navy's shipbuilding goals. Blocking the promotions  of the very people working to make sure we have the ships we need to  protect the global commons only endangers our national security.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 106.  Collectively, these two nominees have served the Air Force for 65  years. One of the nominees earned her nursing degree at Boston College,  to rise to become the chief nurse of the entire Air Force. Go get `em.  The other nominee currently serves as commander for the Air Force  Medical Readiness Agency, making him responsible for leading over  44,000 personnel at 76 military treatment facilities. These nominees  are providing critical care and leadership to keep our forces healthy,  and they should not be punished because the Senator from Alabama thinks  he knows more about healthcare than medical professionals do.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 107.  Currently serving as the commanding general for Marine Corps forces in  Japan, he would be the Deputy Commandant for Plans, Policies, and  Operations for the Marine Corps if confirmed. As we approach  competition with China, we need leaders with experience in the region  to be promoted, not to have their careers stopped by politics.   In a moment, I will be asking the Senate to confirm Calendar No. 110.  Collectively, these 23 nominees have served over 620 years of service  in the Air Force. These nominees include the Director for Strategic  Capabilities on the National Security Council, which makes him the  principal adviser to the President on how to avoid a nuclear war, and  it includes the adviser to the National Nuclear Security  Administration, protecting the safety and reliability of our nuclear  stockpile. Another nominee makes sure that we provide all the air and  space power necessary to promote U.S. interests in the Pacific. The  current Director of Intelligence of the U.S. Cyber Command is also held  up by the Senator's antics.   Let me assure the Senator from Alabama: We do not want to play  nuclear football.   Look, we have been at this for almost an hour and a half now, but  these nominees--these 184 nominees--have been waiting for months.  Holding them up and declaring that we just don't need people in these  positions is an insult to them, and it undermines the safety and  security of the United States of America.   If we want to be able to recruit the very best and the very brightest  our country has to offer, we need to treat those people with a little  respect. That means that when we are in it on politics, we do not drag  184 of our most able leaders into the middle of it and say: Your  promotion, your pay, your next duty station are all on hold until one  Senator gets his way on one DOD policy.   That is an incredibly dangerous approach, and the Senator from  Alabama, as much as I respect him, I believe is acting in ways that are  irresponsible and put our national defense at risk. I urge him to  release his holds immediately and allow these senior military officers  to get the promotions they have earned.   I renew my request with respect to each Calendar number I have  raised.   