 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this  measure because it is nothing more than an attack on D.C. statehood and  a barrier to confronting the crisis that is police brutality.   When I hear from D.C. residents on this vote, they all tell me the  same thing: Republicans need to keep their hands off D.C.   The residents of the District of Columbia elected the members of  their council to determine what laws will govern their city. D.C.  residents did not elect the sponsor of this bill or any of the  Republicans who are in favor of violating D.C. home rule.   Unanimously, those duly elected council members passed police reform  legislation and the Mayor signed it into law. It is clear why: because  it will help save lives.   Now Republicans are violating the District of Columbia's right to  self-govern. It is hypocrisy. It is cruelty. It is another  demonstration of Republicans standing in the way of progress,  especially when Black lives are in danger.   The families and friends who are robbed of loved ones at the hands of  police deserve laws and policies that hold officers accountable and  improve public safety.   That is why I oppose this measure and urge my colleagues to vote  ``no.'' Democrats are already on the record supporting these modest,  commonsense reforms. Your constituents are taking note. Do not be  misled by the misinformation and fear tactics on the other side of the  aisle.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in solidarity with our children  across the Nation.   I want to speak plainly to our trans kids: You belong. You are  enough. You deserve to show up fully in this world. You deserve joy and  every single opportunity. You are perfect just as you are. In the  classroom and on the soccer field, you should not be subject to  discrimination. You should be able to just be a kid. I will always be  in your corner.   To anyone who supports this cruel bill, shame on you. If you want to  advance policy on behalf of our kids, this isn't it. Ban assault  weapons so they can live to the last school bell. Get off your soapbox  and stop politicking with our kids' lives.   