 I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. This is a  question, Mr. Speaker, of readiness. That is what we believe in. That  is what a Defense appropriations bill is. It is grounded in the  readiness of the most powerful Armed Forces in the world. It is to  ensure that they are ready.   Unfortunately for the Defense appropriations, we are being forced to  put this bill on the floor today by the majority. It is unbelievable  that they would cut vital civilian positions when the department is  struggling to meet its readiness goals.   Civilians are a crucial part of ensuring that our men and women, our  combat soldiers, are ready to serve around the world.   These are hateful policies. They want to undermine and attack the  LGBTQ+ community, who have served in valor. We know them well. They  have served without question. They have worn the uniform without  question.  [[Page H4398]]    It is to stop a logistical provision that has nothing to do with  abortion. It is to allow for that military person to receive  reproductive medical services, which may come to be in many different  facets; to ensure that someone is able to ensure the reproductive life  that they may desire to have.   How ludicrous is it in this emerging, wonderful, diverse Nation that  many look to as a place and a bastion of freedom, that we would  eliminate funding for diversity, equity, and inclusion; that we  eliminate climate change to ensure that our vehicles are well equipped  for the new generation; that we would not ensure, again, that our  personnel, our families get the medical care that they desire?   Mr. Speaker, what have we done in years past? We have provided  Defense appropriations to be able to support our military. We now have  a bill on the floor that is undermining our military. I am saddened by  this. I am grateful for the Triple-Negative amendment that has been  allowed to be in providing for breast cancer, and I look forward to  that amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule governing House  consideration of H.R. 4365, the Department of Defense Appropriations  Act of 2024.   I oppose the rule, and the underlying legislation, for the following  reasons:   1. The bill, which should be earnestly attempting to best support the  Department of Defense, is being used by Republicans to sneak partisan  and damaging policies under our noses.   2. The underlying bill does not reflect the input of nearly half the  Members of this body and is strongly opposed by the ranking members who  sit on the very committee this bill originated from.   Mr. Speaker, in order to further promote a culture war, the Members  who oversaw this bill are going to put many Americans at risk.   First, they are targeting the many brave servicewomen currently  employed by the Department of Defense by directly going against the  Secretary of Defense's promises for them to have access to reproductive  healthcare regardless of their station.   Women currently make up one in five members of our military.   Denying them their previously promised ability to check their  reproductive health is not only dangerous, but also grossly  irresponsible.   The loss of these rights also increases the risk for low retention  amongst female servicemembers who need these benefits this bill would  strip away.   Second, the bill targets the LGBTQ+ community, who are increasingly  victimized by Republican agendas around the country.   Regardless of your beliefs, it is important to treat everyone with  respect and equality, which this bill does not do.   This bill would prohibit hormone therapy or surgical treatment for  gender affirming care, directly affecting those who experience gender  dysphoria.   Individuals who feel they do not belong in their own body is a  serious issue and has led to one in five transgender and nonbinary  young people attempting suicide in the past year.   Our priority as the legislative body of this country is to protect  the wellbeing of all citizens, regardless of personal beliefs and  ideologies.   The language in this legislation would further embolden those who  wish to commit harm and violence against a minority group already  facing so much hardship, both socially and legally.   This is unacceptable.   The lives and wellbeing of those who live across the country should  not be put at risk simply to push a regressive agenda that does not  promote the diversity of our Nation but rather seeks to suppress it.   This brings me to my third point, which is the underhanded way the  sponsors of the bill sought to eliminate Critical Race Theory.   Let me be clear: Republicans have a warped understanding of what this  term means, and they are using it as a means to remove any diversity in  education.   Critical Race Theory is a collegiate field of study that examines the  complex ways in which race fits into the structures of our society.   Critical Race Theory is not an attack on white people for their  history, just as it does not victimize Black people based on ours.   Based on an incorrect definition, Republican leaders at all levels of  government have worked to eliminate all diverse viewpoints providing a  complete framework of the history of this country, and instead wash  over the negative to present a false narrative.   At the same time, legislation aimed at elementary schools against  Critical Race Theory--which again, is only offered at the collegiate  level--deprives diverse students of hearing their voice reflected  accurately in the history of this multicultural Nation.   Another issue with this bill is the cut of $714 million to adapt  military equipment to be more climate friendly.   Climate change is a crisis that requires global attention and  efforts.   The refusal to even allow for updating our military alternative  source of energy is regressive and promoted under a false message.   It was not Biden who indicated that he wanted an ``all electric''  fleet of tanks as is commonly stated, but rather the United States  Army.   This part of the bill stands directly in the way of innovation as  well as keeping us from doing our part in the world to strive towards a  net zero future.   In 2020 alone, the United States military was responsible for 51  million tons of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere; more than  most countries.   But now, when the U.S. Army decides for themselves that they want to  scale back on their emissions, certain Members in Congress want to  limit their choice.   One bright spot of this bill--though it is short-lived--is the  Jackson Lee amendment #233 that was made in order by the committee.   The Jackson Lee amendment #233 seeks to allocate $10 million to fund  triple negative breast cancer research.   This issue is extremely important, especially for the brave men and  women in the military, who are up to 20-40% more likely to develop  breast cancer.   I must offer my appreciation to both the military and the Biden  administration for making research into breast cancer a priority, but  there is still work to be done.   This amendment would allow for more research so we can one day  hopefully learn a way to reduce the number of military personnel  affected by breast cancer.   Several initiatives I have designed in the past have aided active- duty service-men and -women along with veterans, such as enforcing  accurate reporting of maternity mortality rates among the Armed Forces,  addressing physical and mental health concerns, and securing  authorization for triple negative breast cancer as well as post- traumatic stress disorder.   I am very proud of the work that Congress and I have done to address  the health concerns of active-duty and veteran service-men and -women,  but there are still improvements to be made.   The men and women who are on the front lines or have already  completed their valiant service to this country have many pressing  issues and challenges they already must face; breast cancer should not  be one of them.   While this amendment is important, the negatives of this bill vastly  outweigh the positives.   I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   