 Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member Bishop for yielding  time for me to oppose this quite unfortunate piece of legislation and  quite harmful to agriculture.   The majority can't produce a real farm bill, and they can't produce a  budget on time. Now, this legislation today, as it stands, is riddled  with divisive policy riders and detrimental funding cuts galore that  will hurt American farmers and the American people.   Republicans' efforts to slash funding by 41 percent across  agriculture programs to 2000 levels cannot go unchecked. With the  lowest funding in more than two decades, this bill weakens American  competitiveness in the international marketplace and abandons our  farmers.   Our country already imports a third of our fresh fruits and  vegetables. We need to produce those in our country because what  America makes and grows, makes and grows America.   Through this bill, Republicans also seek to starve the most exploited  and vulnerable Americans of food, literally starve infants born to poor  women by slashing the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women,  Infants, and Children by $800 million, slashing hundreds of millions in  farmers' procurement contracts in the process.   Ohio has 179,262 WIC recipients, so if this bill would pass, many of  these recipients--infants, toddlers, pregnant women, breastfeeding  women, and postpartum women--will see their allotment drop to as little  as, get ready, $11 per month or simply disappear entirely.   A child's brain is largely formed by age 4 and its strength depends  on what it eats. If you starve children, you permanently harm their  ability to learn, and you impact them for life.   The last thing I will mention is the majority's lack of concern for  the exploitation of farmers. One of the many dangerous provisions in  this bill is rolling back protections for farmers that prevent  megacorporations from imposing debt servitude on farmers. This bill  prohibits farmers from being protected from, and I quote, unfair,  unjustly discriminatory, or deceptive business practices.    Mr. Chair, lack of enforcement of the 1921 Packers and  Stockyards Act, along with unchecked corporate mergers, has allowed  megacorporations, even foreign corporations, extreme power at the  expense of our livestock producers and contract growers.   This bill blocks fair competition. If we don't support our  hardworking farmers, what is this bill supposed to be about? I urge my  colleagues to vote ``no'' on this harmful, ill-considered piece of  legislation.   