 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this  amendment.    Mr. Chair, in recent years, Democrats have made historic  investments in environmental justice, and the EPA has already put those  dollars to good use. I think it is unfortunate that my colleagues  across the aisle continue to attack good government programs.   Environmental justice, just to explain this, ensures that all  Americans receive the same degree of protection from environmental and  health hazards. It is particularly important in rural communities, like  the one I represent and like the one I imagine my colleague represents.  Many of these rural communities are in the very districts my colleagues  across the aisle are representing.   Rural communities and low-income communities have long been targeted  by corporations, regulatory agencies, and local planning and zoning  boards when siting polluting facilities.   Let me give you a list of the kinds of things we are talking about  here: landfills, waste transfer stations, incinerators, garbage dumps,  diesel bus and truck garages, auto body shops, smokestack industries,  industrial hog and chicken processors, oil refineries, chemical  manufacturers, and radioactive waste storage areas.   Because of this, these communities typically have lower property  values, higher health disparities, and shorter lifespans. We are not  talking about something trivial here. We are talking about serious  concerns about your health, the length of your life, and what your  property is worth.   Why would my colleagues try to defund any effort to improve the lives  of people in rural and low-income communities?   I am sorry, but it is just another attempt to implement an extreme  agenda to attack minority groups at all costs and to return to a time  when environmental discrimination was the norm.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support our rural and low-income  communities by rejecting this amendment, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to the time remaining.    Mr. Chairman, my colleague on the other side of the  aisle said no one ever calls his office and talks about environmental  justice. I understand. There are all kinds of words we use in Congress  that people rarely talk to us about. They don't talk to us about many  of the procedures that we have on the floor, all kinds of things that  we do.   However, you do have people who call your office to say: Do you know  what? I don't want that chemical manufacturer sited next to my house. I  am worried about that hog farm that is coming down the road from me. I  am worried about the garbage dump. I am worried about the health  impacts that my family is experiencing because of where we live.   Maybe that didn't happen in your district. I will admit that  everything doesn't happen in all of our districts, but there are  certainly districts across the country where people are experiencing  adverse health impacts. They are experiencing loss of property values  because things have been sited in their neighborhood.   Maybe my colleague, like so many times here in Congress, just doesn't  like the words. I understand. I have heard the term ``environmental  justice'' so many times over the last couple of days, as if it is some  kind of a discriminatory term, or as if it is some kind of term that  they just can't get out of their mouth without feeling angry.   We can call it anything we want. We can call it poor siting of messy  places. We can call it anything my colleagues want. To make sure that  all Americans get a fair deal and that people don't have adverse health  impacts, I am willing to change that, just like we can't say ``climate  change'' without people getting upset.   I am happy, every time we have to discuss this, just to say ``extreme  weather.'' Okay, it is extreme weather. It is too much melting. It is  too much heat. Too much of things that aren't supposed to happen and  going wrong--the hottest summer on record, melting of the polar ice  cap, and people who live in communities like mine experiencing the  greatest heat in the ocean of any oceans on Earth.   These are things that are impacting all of us. I will call it  whatever my colleagues like, but we have to do something about it. We  have to have equity here, and we have to make sure it is a fair deal  for everybody.   I heard you didn't like the term ``tree equity.'' I get it. It is one  of those things that you just think: What are we talking about now?   In fact, urban areas have changed. I am so fortunate that I live in  the most forested State in the Nation. I don't know what it is like  where my colleague lives. If my colleague lives on top of a hill, maybe  there are some trees up there. It makes a huge difference if you are in  a part of the city that has trees, if your playgrounds are paved and  black and hot in the summer, or if your playgrounds have some trees and  shade and some cover so kids can go out and play. We are just talking  about kids being able to play on the playground and having a decent  life.   When we are talking about making sure we plant trees, which often my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle say is a really good idea, we  go ahead and believe we should plant more trees.   Let's not get caught up in the terminology. I think there is a lot we  could work on together here and that we believe in together. This  amendment to disregard all funding for environmental justice--tell me  what you want to call it--that is just not appropriate and is not how  we should be funding our environmental laws and not how we should be  dealing with climate change.   Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chair, we are only 14 days away from a government  shutdown, and instead of focusing on keeping the government open, we  are working on a bill that is going nowhere.   The draconian cuts that are proposed in this bill violate the  agreement reached by former Speaker McCarthy and President Biden and  that were memorialized in statute in Public Law 118-5, the Fiscal  Responsibility Act of 2023.   We would not be teetering on the brink of a government shutdown if my  Republican colleagues had held up their end of the bargain.   Now we are here today to protect the welfare of the American public,  and we cannot close our eyes to the impacts of climate change, such as  the drought, flooding, severe storms, and wildfire events we are  experiencing.   As of October 10, the United States has experienced 24 confirmed  weather/climate disaster events with losses exceeding $1 billion each.  This is a new record.   This amendment seeks to prohibit funding that will result in more  resilient communities, mitigate the impacts of climate change, and  protect our world for future generations.   Not investing in strategies that minimize and prevent the  acceleration of climate change and instead spending billions in  disaster relief shows my Republican colleagues are not thinking about  what is best for the American taxpayer. Our economy, our health, our  livelihoods, our food security, and our quality of life all depend on  healthy ecosystems.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment and to focus  instead on addressing climate change and on making our Nation stronger,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, my colleague on the other side of the aisle  has proposed this bill that would really slash and burn so many of the  important programs that our President has implemented to tackle climate  change.   Why did he have to do that?   I have been in Congress for about 15 years, and I am very fortunate  to have served that amount of time. But since I came here, I have been  dealing with colleagues on the other side of the aisle who have denied  that climate change existed, who have done everything they could to  support the oil and gas industry, and who have pushed back on any kind  of legislation or funding or anything we could possibly do to deal with  climate change, and 15 years later we are in a very serious situation.   Now, my colleague is proud of saying that it is a simple truth. It is  a simple truth this, it is a simple truth that.   Mr. Chair, let me tell you a simple truth. Our planet is warming. We  had the hottest summer on record, oceans are heating. The polar ice cap  is melting. We are in a very serious state, and most scientists will  say that things are happening much faster than we ever anticipated.  Here we are having a ridiculous debate about something that is not  actually going to go anywhere and a bill that is not going to happen  with a party on the other side of the aisle that wants to cut  everything we have already done in the last 2 years to support funding  for climate change.   This is our responsibility to our children and our grandchildren. Mr.  Chair, you can say that we are just going to handle it in my small town  and my small State. I am just going to explain to you that the planet  is warming as an entire entity. Yes, we have to deal with foreign  countries, but we also have to make sure that our country is on the  right track, that we are investing in renewable energy, that we are not  putting our heads in the sand and just ignoring what is going on out  there, that all of these things are critically important. We have to  stop digging in our heels on every single bill and denying that climate  change is real and making all kinds of crazy arguments about well, it  is India's fault or China's fault or America can't do it.   We can do all these things. We can manufacture the batteries in this  country. We can manufacture the solar panels in this country. That is  much of what we have done in the last bill, the infrastructure bill,  the IRA, investing in our country, and investing in American  manufacturing so that this can be homegrown American energy.   Every time the gentleman talks about gas prices, he refuses to  acknowledge that we are trying to end our dependence on gas and oil, we  are trying to make sure we are an energy-independent nation, and, yes,  that takes a transition. Nonetheless, at this moment in time, we have  to make those investments in the future.   I have never seen a party so unwilling to invest in our economic  future and to acknowledge what is actually happening in our daily lives  and in our families' daily lives.   If the gentleman really listened to his constituents or took their  calls or listened to what people are saying about their worries about  the future, one of their greatest worries is what are we going to do  about the warming planet?   What are we going to do about the number of days when kids can't go  outside and play because it is too hot?   What are we going to do about making sure we are looking at our  future together?   That is not what the gentleman is doing here. He is just denying that  climate change exists. He is denying that we have real work ahead of us  and we ought to be doing it together.   Once again, I oppose this horrible amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, as far as I can tell, this is just another  attack on environmental justice. The Council on Environmental Quality  is coordinating the development of an ocean justice strategy that will  propose equitable and just practices to advance safety, health, and  prosperity for communities that are residing near the ocean, the coast,  and the Great Lakes. This amendment seeks to block that strategy.   Coastlines are home to approximately 40 percent of the United States  population. Unfortunately, coastal communities do not share equitably  in the benefits provided by the ocean or equitably bear the burden of  the negative impacts of human activities associated with the ocean,  such as climate change, coastal flooding, and other threats.   Environmental justice ensures that all Americans receive the same  degree of protection from environmental and health hazards. This  amendment is just another way to attack minority groups at all costs  and return the United States to a time when environmental  discrimination was the norm.   Mr. Chair, I oppose the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, once again, I am kind of caught in this  challenge of not understanding exactly what it is that my colleagues  don't like about the term ``environmental justice,'' or in this case,  ``ocean justice.''   It seems like ``justice'' is a word that we are very comfortable with  in a patriotic way that everyone understands. Justice is important in  this country.   As a Member who represents as much coastline as anybody in here that  is extremely impacted by the challenges that are going on in the ocean,  such as sea level rise and extreme storms, I have to deal with these  questions. I think it is totally appropriate to have a justice strategy  in making sure that we have equitability in how we take care of people.   If you live in a community where it is underresourced and are  impacted by these ocean storms that come at us with total surprise--for  example, a winter storm or nor'easter, as we call them, or a hurricane  in the southern part of the country, and there aren't resources to  rebuild. Perhaps sea level rise is making it so that your community  needs to be moved.   I was talking last night about the 31 Native communities in Alaska  that have to be moved because of sea level rise. If you don't have a  justice lens, somebody might turn around and just say: I am sorry. This  community isn't valuable enough. You don't have the resources, and your  people can't move their own homes. You can't deal with rebuilding the  coastal protections, so the money is going somewhere else, to a  wealthier community, to someplace where we think people matter more.    Those decisions are critical decisions about how we spend our Federal  funds, about how we make sure the work we do is equitable. Climate  change is having a huge impact on life on the ocean.   I do not want to criticize my colleague. I am sure he has put this  forward in good faith, but the last I saw, Arkansas doesn't have an  ocean, and my colleague is trying to make policy for those of us who  represent ocean communities in the East, West, and South throughout  this country, the 40 percent of the United States population that lives  on the ocean. These are critical strategies for us.   We don't need to make the same mistakes that we made in the past with  not having a lens of environmental justice. Why in the world would we  want to turn back and have discrimination and make bad policy? Why in  the world when we are facing some of the most severe crises we have  ever seen? We have hurricanes that come on us with no warning, extreme  storms in the winter, extreme storms at times of the year we never  expected them.   I can go on for much more time than I have to talk about what just  happened in my own State and the challenges people are worried about,  about sea level rise, about the ocean impact  [[Page H5390]]  of storms. This would take away the opportunity to look forward on that  and make sure that our funding is equitable, that all communities are  taken care of, that all parts of the country, particularly those rural  areas that probably my colleague represents and I represent that are  often underresourced are thought about, as well.   Again, this is a misguided amendment. People are going after a  language that either they just don't want to say or somehow don't  believe in or want to bring us back to a time when we had  discrimination in our Federal policy and how we spent our Federal  funds. It is a misguided amendment. It is a bad idea.   Mr. Chair, I oppose it, and I yield back the balance of my time.   