 Mr. Speaker, in today's America, conservatives are  constantly under attack. Attempts to silence us take many forms and are  perpetuated by numerous people, agencies, and corporations.   Conservatives are more often audited by the IRS, and conservative  organizations are more often denied tax-exempt status than are  liberals. This is an indisputable fact and has been happening at least  since the Obama administration. This is, in part, the reason why voting  to stop the hiring of 87,000 new IRS agents was so critical.   Conservatives are more often investigated and harassed by the  Department of Justice than are liberals. The DOJ has even gone so far  as to seize the cell phone of a sitting Congressman. It has raided  residents of conservatives, while ignoring liberals whose actions are  far worse. It has aggressively advocated for holding right-leaning  Americans in jail without due process.   How many liberals have been banned or shadow-banned on Facebook,  Twitter, Google, and other social and digital media sites. Scores of  conservatives have been so banned, including our former President.   How many times do we see the so-called ``fact checks'' on the social  media posts of conservatives while never seeing them on the posts of  liberals. These ``fact checks'' have covered such topics as COVID,  climate change, gun rights, crime, and actions of protestors. The fact  checks are dubious at best and downright dishonest at worst.   Financial platforms such as PayPal, Venmo, and GoFundMe routinely  refuse service to or censor conservatives. In the past year alone,  GoFundMe has taken down fund-raisers for Kyle Rittenhouse, conservative  students at Arizona State University, and from the freedom trucker  convoy after having raised $9 million.   Finally, just this last week, we saw that YouTube and Facebook have  censored Project Veritas in some of the most important investigative  research that we have seen come out of a media company.   While all of this sounds like an impossibility to overcome, we must  fight to end this bias. Through my assignments to the Judiciary  Committee and the Select Committee on the Weaponization of the Federal  Government, we will do exactly that.   