 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3941. I am  proud to cosponsor this legislation with Congressman Marc Molinaro, who  is also from the State of New York.   There are two people who are truly responsible for the crisis that we  see of 7 million illegal immigrants who have come to the United States.  Firstly, there is our President, who decided to open the borders  without any type of process, any type of order, and, quite frankly, in  violation of our own Federal laws. Then, you have Mayor Adams in New  York City, the city in which I reside and represent, who decided to  misinterpret New York City's right to shelter law, which was intended  for American citizens, not citizens of other countries who just came  over the border last week.   The problem is, if you look at New York City right now, you will see  that there are more illegal immigrants being housed in our shelters  than American citizens. Walk down the streets of the city, and you see  homeless New Yorkers, people who have substance abuse issues, people  who have mental health issues lying on the streets of our city while  the mayor has gone head over heels and has done everything possible to  house citizens of other countries who chose not to follow our rules,  who chose not to follow the proper process, and have come into our  country. We don't vet them properly, and we don't know what their  intentions are.   I am the daughter of immigrants. I think that many people are coming  [[Page H3656]]  here for the right reasons. They do want to have a better life.  However, there are many others who are not. We need to differentiate  between them. People who come illegally need to follow our process.   Two-thirds of the people who are heard in court are not legitimate  asylum seekers. That means they are in this country illegally. The  mayor insists that New York taxpayers have to continue to foot the bill  of billions and billions of dollars while taxpayers are trying to keep  roofs over their own heads. They are trying to pay their mortgages and  pay their property taxes, which he keeps raising that levy. They are  having their own difficulty, thanks to Bidenflation, in keeping a roof  over their head, and now the mayor wants them to house these  individuals, as well.   On top of it, they want to add schools, which is where children  should be learning. They have lost 2 years of socialization, of  physical fitness, of interaction thanks to COVID, and now he wants to  take away the school gym.   If anyone says it is a manufactured crisis, look at New York City  because it is happening there. The people of New York know it. The  people of this country know it, and they know that it has to stop.   House Republicans put forward, by the way, a proposal to stop this,  to secure our borders, and every single one of the Democrats voted  against it.    