 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the rule and  the underlying bill.   This bill makes good on Speaker McCarthy's threat to hold the economy  hostage. Several of my colleagues have spoken about the draconian cuts  that this bill would make to our social safety net, to services for  vulnerable veterans, seniors, families, and children, but it also  jeopardizes critical investments that were just enacted as part of the  historic and long-overdue climate rescue measures that were included in  the Inflation Reduction Act, and those cuts have received less  attention.   If you didn't know that this bill gutted billions of dollars of  environmental measures, you are not alone. Those cuts were made in a  deal the Speaker negotiated with the extremists who control his  Conference sometime after midnight last night, around 2 a.m. this  morning. I am not surprised that they are trying to sneak this  provision into a bill that they are ramming through the House with no  hearings.   The Speaker and his far-right allies argue that Federal spending  poses the most significant threat to our country while blocking  legislation to address gun violence, healthcare concerns, and other  pressing concerns for all of our constituents, but climate change is an  actual existential threat to our children and to all future  generations.   I know the Republican Party isn't fond of looking at the science, but  without intervention, the facts are clear: Our children will be forced  to face more frequent climate disasters, new and devastating health  threats, and untold economic loss. The extremist bill before us  dismantles the clean energy climate rescue programs that we passed in  the IRA that are essential for our children to thrive.   This bill eliminates a billion dollars to promote energy efficient  construction, $5 billion for loans to back energy infrastructure  projects, $1.9 billion to improve access to public transportation in  low-income neighborhoods, and $5 billion to reduce climate pollution in  addition to gutting environmental review protections.   Mr. Speaker, I am appalled that the Republican Party would so  carelessly leverage our children's future, health, and safety to  satisfy political extremists. I am disturbed by the shadowy process  used to put this bill together.   I encourage all of my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this rule and the  underlying bill.   