 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Energy Cybersecurity  University Leadership Act of 2023--a reintroduced version of this bill  brought by myself along with Representative Carey. The House passed  this bill overwhelmingly in a bipartisan fashion during the 117th  Congress.   As all Members know, the United States has witnessed an alarming rise  in cybersecurity threats and attacks against our energy infrastructure.   My home State of North Carolina is no exception. In May of 2021, a  disastrous cyberattack on the Colonial pipeline caused the company to  halt all pipeline operations, leading to panic buying of gasoline and  diesel fuels across my home State. Roughly two-thirds of North  Carolina's gas stations ran out of fuel, including 70 percent of gas  stations in Raleigh, the largest city in my district.   Our constituents rely on dependable energy sources for their lives  and their livelihoods, and we cannot afford continued exposure to these  types of attacks. The Energy Cybersecurity University Leadership Act, a  bipartisan bill I co-led with Congressman Carey--and I am pleased to do  again--will help address this vulnerability.   Our bill will confront growing cyber threats against our country's  critical energy infrastructure by making real investments in a strong  and diverse workforce that is ready to meet the challenges we face. It  will provide financial assistance to support graduate students studying  the convergence of cybersecurity and energy infrastructure in addition  to providing hands-on traineeship experience at our national  laboratories and utilities. It will also expand the Department of  Energy's outreach to HBCUs, minority-serving institutions, and Tribal  colleges.   I represent much of the Research Triangle, home to institutions and  universities that are propelling our Nation's innovation in  cybersecurity and clean energy. From NC State to UNC-Charlotte to the  west, to Shaw, St. Augustine's, and Wake Tech, this legislation will  better equip our brilliant students and researchers in North Carolina  and beyond to tackle the changing cybersecurity landscape.   I thank Ranking Member Lofgren and Chairman Lucas for their  leadership in bringing forth this bill not just this session but the  session before.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 302, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself  the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, again, I thank Chairman Lucas for his leadership and  my colleague, Congressman Carey, for his support of this. We have  worked very closely together, again in the last Congress and early in  this Congress, on this priority issue. This is a commonsense,  bipartisan bill that will address critical vulnerabilities in our  national energy infrastructure.   We need a strong workforce that is ready to protect our existing  energy infrastructure and build a safe, resilient energy infrastructure  of the future.  [[Page H696]]    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   