 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to provide a report  to the United States House of Representatives that Americans support  impeachment.   Last week, I introduced Articles of Impeachment against five people  who have abused the power of their positions and provided corruption  and disservice to the American people.   I introduced Articles of Impeachment against U.S. Attorney Matthew  Graves at the Department of Justice. Matthew Graves refuses to  prosecute 67 percent of the crimes in Washington, D.C., and abuses his  office in a political pursuit of people who he deems political enemies  while persecuting people for January 6, people who just walked through  the Capitol.   Matthew Graves must be impeached. He should prosecute criminals in  Washington, D.C., that commit all kinds of crimes every single day, not  care about the one day when people have already been arrested and are  rotting in jail.   Last week, I introduced Articles of Impeachment against FBI Director  Christopher Wray. By turning the FBI into Joe Biden and Merrick  Garland's personal police force, Chris Wray has made himself a lackey  of the regime.    Under Wray's watch, the FBI has intimidated, harassed, and entrapped  American citizens that have been deemed enemies of the Biden regime.  The FBI even raided Mar-a-Lago on August 8 of 2022 in an  unconstitutional raid of a former President's home.   FBI whistleblower Garret O'Boyle told congressional investigators the  FBI created a terrorist threat tag following the Dobbs Supreme Court  decision in 2022.   O'Boyle confirmed that the purpose of the tag was to target pro-life  individuals, and now Wray has weaponized the FBI against his own  agents.   These brave FBI whistleblowers have been stripped of their salaries  and their security clearances simply for coming forward and bravely  telling the truth. FBI Director Christopher Wray must be impeached.   I introduced Articles of Impeachment against Attorney General Merrick  Garland. Since Merrick Garland took over as Attorney General in March  of 2021, he has completely weaponized the Department of Justice.   The politicization of the Department of Justice has resulted in the  persecution of the left's political enemies and a real two-tiered  justice system in America.   Garland has used the FBI as a personal police force for his boss, Joe  Biden. The Department of Justice's persecution of Joe Biden's primary  political adversary, Donald J. Trump, is antidemocratic.   Raiding the former President's home for legally declassified  documents is a transparent violation of justice.   Persecuting a declared candidate for President of the United States  is nothing short of election interference.   Not only that, from investigating parents who protest their local  school boards to going after pro-life activists and Catholics, Merrick  Garland must be impeached.   What I will tell the House of Representatives today is a Rasmussen  poll was released just last week indicating that 53 percent of voters  in America--Republicans, Independents, and Democrats--support the  impeachment of Joe Biden for high crimes and misdemeanors.   I introduced Articles of Impeachment on Joe Biden last week because  of the national security crisis at our border.   I also introduced Articles of Impeachment against Secretary Alejandro  Mayorkas for failing to do his duty to secure America's border, but he  is only doing the bidding of his boss, Joe Biden.   At 5 p.m. yesterday, I simply released a survey on my social media  asking: Do you support impeachment?   Mr. Speaker, 8,600 people responded, and that was just from 5 p.m.  last night.   Mr. Speaker, 77 percent said, yes, they support impeachment. Only 23  percent opposed. If anyone reads the comments on my Twitter account,  you know for sure it is not just Republicans that follow me.   Joe Biden has deliberately compromised our national security by  refusing to enforce immigration laws and secure our border.   He has allowed nearly 6 million illegals from over 170 countries to  invade our country. He has caused an approximate 1,700 percent increase  in border encounters in just one sector of our northern border.   Under his reign, there have been approximately 1.4 million known got- aways who have evaded U.S. authorities.   He has allowed fentanyl, the number one killer of Americans between  the ages of 18 and 45, to overwhelmingly flood into our country and  kill over 300 Americans every single day.   Joe Biden should be impeached.   In my district alone, we have had an increase of 350 percent of  fentanyl murders.   Joe Biden must be impeached.   