 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to this  amendment, which would prohibit the Small Business Administration from  implementing the Community Advantage SBLC program. This amendment is an  attack on veterans, rural, and low-income entrepreneurs, and it should  be rejected resoundingly.   One of small businesses' greatest challenges is obtaining access to  financial capital. For over a decade now, the Community Advantage  program has been helping close this funding gap. Community Advantage  lenders are required to make at least 60 percent of their loans to  underserved markets defined as veteran-owned businesses, rural  businesses, new businesses, businesses located in HUBZones, empowerment  zones, and other low-income communities.   These are the types of businesses that too often find themselves on  the margins. Their owners lack the ability to qualify for more  traditional loans because they may lack a credit history or preexisting  relationship with a bank.   What is unique about Community Advantage lenders is that they are  mission-based, primarily nonprofits focused on economic and community  development. They go beyond just providing loans. They provide  technical assistance to the businesses they serve. As a result,  Community Advantage has been far more successful than the traditional  Small Business Administration 7(a) loan program at reaching underserved  groups like veterans.   Community Advantage was operating as a pilot up until the SBA, just  this past month, established the Community Advantage SBLC program to  provide more permanency for the program and lenders.   Congress needs to build on these efforts by providing statutory  permanency for Community Advantage so veteran, rural, and low-income  small business owners can continue to be served. This amendment would  do the exact opposite, eradicating this proven program and undoing all  our progress.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support our Nation's veterans,  rural, and low-income entrepreneurs by rejecting this amendment.   