 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1, the  Polluters Over People Act.   While it claims to lower American energy costs, it would directly  result in policies that would cost taxpayers billions in environmental  costs. Congress should not pass laws that benefit oil, gas, and mining  companies at the expense of our public lands and public health.   I have worked diligently to conserve and protect our public  resources, and ensure the federal government is a good steward of our  public lands. This bill would severely cut the opportunity for  communities to participate in the environmental review process of a  project. It also fails to recognize tribal sovereignty; the U.S.  federal government must honor its trust and treaty responsibilities to  Tribal nations.   H.R. 1 ignores the fact that oil and gas companies have made billions  in profits while Americans suffered under high prices at the pump  during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. This bill would lower  royalty rates and repeal interest fees to these companies, further  lining their pockets while reducing the money the government receives  for use of these lands.   Public lands are just that: they belong to the people--not to major  corporations. Members of Congress have a responsibility to be good  stewards of these resources.   Additionally, many mining companies are foreign-owned, like  Antofagasta, the parent company of Twin Metals. That company's proposed  sulfide-ore copper mine would put our public lands and waters at great  risk of toxic mining pollution. After extraction, Antofagasta would  ship our American minerals overseas to China for smelting and to be  sold in the global market. How is it in our national interest to re- purchase our own mined materials?   The rush to pass this legislation is a national security issue.  Safeguards must be put into place when minerals are harvested from  public lands--they should not be used to put the integrity of those  lands or our national security at risk.   Our laws need to be updated, including meaningful permitting reform  to facilitate the green energy transition. That is why Democrats  included $1 billion in the Inflation Reduction Act for federal agencies  to more quickly and efficiently process permits. But H.R. 1 does not  work with agencies to address permitting backlogs. Instead, it slashes  environmental regulations and imposes arbitrary time limits on reviews.  Permitting reform and updated regulations must be done responsibly,  with good-faith participation from local communities, as well as a  strong emphasis on equity, environment impacts, and public health. I am  happy to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make  this happen, but H.R. 1 is not the avenue to do so.   Mr. Chair, let me be clear: H.R. 1 is an attack on our public lands,  which belong to Minnesotans and all Americans.   It should be rejected.   