 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman Moore for  leading this Special Order hour. I want to thank our Democratic Women's  Caucus chair, Representative Frankel, and my co-chair of the policy  committee, Representative Pressley, for being with us tonight to  celebrate this important moment.   I rise today to celebrate Women's History Month and to recognize  three courageous women from North Carolina who broke the glass ceiling  and paved the way for future women in politics.   First, I want to honor a true trailblazer from North Carolina,  Gertrude Weil, a Jewish woman from Goldsboro, North Carolina. She was  the daughter of immigrants who dedicated her life for fighting for  women's equality, labor reforms, and civil rights. Gertrude led the  tireless fight for women's right to vote through an organization she  led, the North Carolina Equal Suffragette Association.   In 1920, following years of suffragette advocacy, the 19th Amendment  was finally ratified giving women the right to vote. Following the  ratification, Gertrude called a meeting at the Guilford County  Courthouse to announce that her organization would no longer be the  suffragettes but would not become the North Carolina League of Women  Voters.   It was at that courthouse in downtown Greensboro where Gertrude  famously said: ``It is so obvious that to treat people equally is the  right thing to do.''   I recently had the pleasure of attending the unveiling of a monument  in her honor and a mile marker at the Guilford County Courthouse 102  years after Gertrude formed the North Carolina League of Women Voters.   I also want to honor Eliza Jane Pratt. In 1946 she became the first  woman elected to the U.S. Congress from North Carolina, breaking down  the centuries' old barrier women had to overcome in politics. Prior to  her election to Congress, Congresswoman Pratt served as a legislative  aide to the four Congressmen who preceded her in representing the  district. She was known for having an impressive understanding of her  constituents' needs and the district.   Finally, I want to recognize Congresswoman Eva Clayton, the first  Black woman elected to the U.S. House of Representatives from North  Carolina. Congresswoman Clayton put the interests of her rural  communities above all else as she fiercely advocated for the Black  farmers that her district and the State relied upon.   These women were firsts in North Carolina politics, but they were  certainly not lasts. Today, I stand before you, Mr. Speaker, as one of  the five women representing North Carolina in the House of  Representatives. The legacies of the women who came before us cleared a  path for other women to legislate, represent, and advocate for their  communities in Congress.   This Women's History Month, let's honor the legacies of those who  came before us by committing to build a better and more equitable  future for the next generation of girls and women.   