 Mr. President, I am pleased to rise this evening with my  colleague and dear friend Senator Jeanne Shaheen to discuss the  compelling need to lower the cost of insulin for Americans with  diabetes by reforming the system for getting the drug from the  manufacturer to the consumer and by capping the out-of-pocket price.   I want to commend Senator Shaheen for her longstanding devotion and  hard work on this issue. For her, this is both a matter of policy and  personal, as she has described. And I could have no better cochair of  the Senate Diabetes Caucus than my colleague from New Hampshire.   We are focused on policies that will improve the lives of those who  are living with diabetes. Building on our past efforts, we have  introduced a new bill, the Improving Needed Safeguards for Users of  Lifesaving Insulin Now--or the INSULIN--Act of 2023.   A little background may be useful. As my colleague from New Hampshire  has mentioned, when a team of three scientists at the University of  Toronto first isolated insulin in 1921, they sold the patent for $1  each to the university--an act intended to ensure that those in need of  insulin would always have an affordable access.   They explicitly stated that profit was not their goal nor their  motive. And yet in recent years, the cost of insulin has soared, and  insulin costs have become unaffordable for far too many individuals  with diabetes.   Between 2007 and 2018, the average list price of insulin increased by  262 percent. In 2019, nearly 9 percent of patients with private  insurance paid, on average, $403 per month for their insulin.   This shows the huge increase in the list price between 2012 and 2021.  This is the net price. I will explain that in a moment.   Tens of millions of Americans rely on insulin as part of their daily  treatment. For children, teens, and adults with type 1 diabetes,  insulin is not optional. It is literally a matter of life and death.  About 20 percent of those with type 2 diabetes rely on insulin.   I have heard far too many stories from people in my State and from  across the country who, because of the escalating cost, have had to  ration their insulin--an extremely dangerous practice. These drastic  measures can result in major risks that can compromise their health and  even jeopardize their lives.   Let me share one such story. Recently, I met with Bek Hoskins of  Chelsea, ME, through her advocacy with JDRF. Bek was diagnosed with  type 1 diabetes at age 10. When we discussed insulin affordability, Bek  shared her insulin story. As a young adult, shortly after she was no  longer covered by her parents' insurance, Bek was forced to ration her  insulin to make it last longer because she simply could not afford the  exorbitant price.   In one profoundly memorable instance, Bek pushed her body's limit too  far. Her husband, Barrett, rushed her through a snowstorm to an  emergency room as she was in excruciating pain. Bek nearly died because  she tried to go without her lifesaving, fast-acting insulin for 2 days.   The situation that Bek faced, sadly, is not an isolated example. We  simply must address this problem.   Senator Shaheen and I have long led action in the Senate to improve  the lives of those living with diabetes and to reduce insulin prices.  We spearheaded the bipartisan INSULIN Act last Congress to  comprehensively reform the system that determines the cost of this  lifesaving drug. And I am pleased that the market has been responding  to our efforts.   The recent decisions by the three major manufacturers of insulin to  cut list prices is certainly encouraging, but there is more work to be  done. We need legislation to reform the fundamental factors that  distort the insulin market, including a purchasing system that is rife  with perverse incentives, conflicts  [[Page S1334]]  of interest, and very limited biosimilar competition.   And we have introduced legislation to do just that. It would  guarantee out-of-pocket limits for patients with commercial insurance,  encourage biosimilar development to lower list prices through  competition and reform the practices of Pharmacy Benefit Managers. That  would improve the insulin market, giving patients long-term benefits.   First, our bill would limit cost sharing to no more than $35, or 25  percent of the list price per month, starting in 2024, for at least one  insulin in each type or dosage form. Under our bill, insurers and  Pharmacy Benefit Managers, known as PBMs, would be prohibited from  placing utilization obstacles--such as prior authorizations or step  therapy--on products with capped costs. These important protections  deliver immediate out-of-pocket relief.   Second, our bill would tackle the perverse incentives that encourage  the high list prices. Many people wonder why price variations of a  product that has been available for more than 100 years has increased  dramatically, and the answer is that the market is rife with conflicts  of interest and lacks transparency. What happens is the PBMs negotiate  discounts from the list price to the net price of insulin.   Well, what happens to the money that is in between? There is an  incentive for the pharmacy benefit manager to select the high-cost  insulin because they are paying based on a percentage of the cost in  many cases. So that is what you see here. A lot of the benefit of this  lower net price that has been negotiated does not reach the consumer.   In 2018, as chair of the Senate Aging Committee, I held a hearing  that examined the role of PBMs and rebates and the insulin supply chain  and their effect on the increasing insulin prices. At the hearing, an  American Diabetes Association expert displayed this chart that I am  showing on the Senate floor, which is called ``Insulin Supply Chain: A  Complex System.'' I think that understates the situation. This is so  convoluted and lacks transparency that no wonder we end up with a  system that is rife with conflicts of interest.   One thing is clear: The way that the rebate functions in the current  market is a key factor, not in lowering the cost to the consumer but in  driving up insulin costs. The way the rebate system works encourages  PBMs to select a higher priced insulin for an insurer's formulary. PBMs  often choose the highest cost insulin because, as I mentioned, their  compensation in the form of sharing part of the rebates is based  frequently on percentage of the list price.   Let me now give you one case study that involves biosimilars.  Biosimilar products are generic forms of biologics like insulin. And  like generics, they are lower costs. But the PBM incentive structure  can be stacked against them.   For example, Sanofi manufactures a popular product called Lantus. In  2021, Viatris launched two identical versions of its interchangeable  biosimilar for Lantus. One was a branded interchangeable product with a  high list price. The second was an unbranded interchangeable biosimilar  with a low list price. The higher priced version of the exact same  insulin-interchangeable drug was selected for formularies that are run  by the insurers, while the lower price one was not.   Think about that.   This proves the perverse incentives in the system. No major formulary  preferred the lower list price version, even though it is the exact  same product and costs less. That is how this system operates. Rebating  practices have slowed biosimilar adoption, and lower priced products  are still struggling to compete. To date, no major formulary prefers  the lower list price versions of the branded products.   Insulin rebates average between 30 and 50 percent and can reach as  high as 70 percent for the most commonly used insulin products,  significantly higher than the average rebate for other types of drugs.   Our INSULIN Act addresses the current distortions in the market that  decrease affordability for patients by requiring PBMs to pass through  100 percent of the insulin rebates. By removing the PBM share of the  rebate, the INSULIN Act would eliminate the incentive for PBMs to  choose the higher list price product.   Finally, our bill takes a number of steps to promote biosimilar  competition. More choices in the insulin market would drive down prices  by creating competition.   The INSULIN Act would create a new expedited FDA pathway to promote  biosimilar competition. This provision is modeled after a successful  law I authored with former Senator Claire McCaskill in 2017 to improve  competition for generic drugs. According to the FDA, nearly 200  products have benefited from the process we created. Let's extend that  to biosimilars as the Shaheen-Collins bill would do.   The INSULIN Act would take similar steps to enhance that regulatory  certainty for biosimilar drug companies. It is ironic that there is a  biosimilar insulin available in Canada and Europe right now that cannot  be produced for U.S. distribution because the FDA has taken nearly 10  months to reinspect the safety of the facility where the drug is being  manufactured. What we want to do is expedite the regulatory process.   We know regulatory barriers are not the only challenge for  biosimilars. The incentives in the current insulin market for PBMs  often prohibit biosimilars from securing fair formulary placement as  indicated by the example I described earlier.   One other step that our bill would take to ease some of the access  challenges for biosimilar drugs is to provide CMS with the authority to  approve midyear Medicare Part D formulary changes when a biosimilar  enters the market.   The INSULIN Act of 2023 would address the fundamental issues facing  the insulin market: convoluted and opaque rebates pocketed by PBMs, a  lack of biosimilar competition, and patient affordability.   Like Senator Shaheen, I am so pleased that our bill has been endorsed  by the American Diabetes Association, JDRF, and the Endocrine Society.  I thank them for their support of this bipartisan legislation. I  encourage our colleagues to join us in supporting these much needed  reforms.   