 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this  resolution, and I do so sadly because there are many things that my  good colleague across the aisle from Colorado and I agree on and work  on. This is unequivocally not one of them.   The reason I am so distraught by this resolution is because I am the  proud chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. We are a caucus of  102 Members in this body. We have done many wonderful things for our  constituents and people across the country.   In fact, we have even worked with the Freedom Caucus, the gentleman  from Arizona, to take on some things around accountability of law  enforcement, surveillance, privacy rights--many issues that we agree  on.  [[Page H2436]]    The characterization of progressives within this resolution makes it  absolutely impossible to support the resolution.   I think, unfortunately, that is the point that my friends are trying  to make. They are trying to make us vote against a resolution that  supports law enforcement by inserting these provisions that are  characterizations that are absolutely harmful and encourage hate  against us as progressives representing our constituents.   Now, we already passed a resolution honoring law enforcement this  week, but this resolution literally makes it impossible for us to  support.   I want to raise a couple of points about this. My colleague from  Arizona said we want to hold Federal law enforcement accountable. Well,  that is exactly what Democrats sought to do when we passed the George  Floyd Justice in Policing Act, which not a single Republican voted for.   We need accountability of all of our agencies at all levels. That  doesn't mean we don't appreciate the work that those agencies do. We  absolutely do.   As somebody who experienced violent threats against my life and my  family's life from a man showing up with a gun at my house, I was  defended by our local law enforcement, and I am incredibly grateful to  them.   I resent the characterization that somehow we progressives do not  support law enforcement just because we want to have accountability in  our communities so that Black and Brown people can walk down the  streets and feel safe.   In addition, this is not about honoring law enforcement because, last  week, I tried to introduce an amendment in committee that said if we  are going to honor law enforcement, then let's honor the brave men and  women of the United States Capitol Police and all levels of local,  State, and Federal law enforcement that defended us in this body on  January 6, 2021, when a violent group of rightwing MAGA extremists came  and launched an insurrection against this body.   I was trapped in the gallery right there, right there in those seats.    Mr. Speaker, long after other people were evacuated from  the gallery, some of my friends and I were trapped there. We saw  everything happen.   I introduced an amendment to honor those Federal law enforcement  people, and do you know what? Republicans could have taken it and voted  against it if they wanted to show where they stand, but they didn't.  They hid behind a ridiculous assertion of germaneness and essentially  silenced our voices.    I think we have to be real about what this resolution is, and with  great respect to my friend from Colorado, we want accountability of all  agencies.   They want to defend Federal law enforcement. We want to honor all law  enforcement, including those who defended us here at the Capitol on  January 6.   Let my Republican colleagues call out that it was an insurrection on  January 6 and that our Federal law enforcement and local law  enforcement that defended us here deserve the same honor that they are  planning to give to local law enforcement.   Let's honor all law enforcement, and let's take out the references to  progressives, which I take great offense to.   Mr. Speaker, I vote ``no'' on this resolution, and I call on my  colleagues to vote ``no'' on this partisan and, frankly, hypocritical  resolution.   