 Madam Chair, I rise today to oppose the  polluters over people act and the mining provisions that will make it  easier for foreign-owned companies to pollute our lands and waters and  destroy our Tribal cultural resources.   America's 150-year-old mining law already fails to protect our  communities from irresponsible mining. We see that in the thousands of  abandoned mines that dot New Mexico and the West.   H.R. 1 would only make it worse, threatening our water and, as we  know, ``agua es vida,'' ``water is life.''   I am disappointed that the Republicans blocked my amendment to stop  mining exploration on public lands if it harms our water, farmers, and  Tribal communities. Do they not care about our most essential resource,  our water?   Indeed, some proposed mining projects are from subsidiaries of  foreign companies like Resolution Copper in Arizona, which has ties to  the Chinese Communist Party. Why are they protecting the Chinese  Communist Party's subsidiary mining our precious resources?   That mine would devastate Tribal cultural resources and threaten our  precious water resources.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this polluter over people act.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I appreciate the opportunity to  debate and consider my amendment to encourage local hiring and  recruitment, but I also want to note my disappointment that my friends  across the aisle rejected any consideration of my other two amendments  on this floor.   One of those amendments would allow the Secretaries of the Interior  and Agriculture to prevent exploratory mining from taking place on  Federal land if it would negatively impact our water, farmers, Tribes,  or local communities.   In New Mexico, ``agua es vida''; ``water is life.'' It shouldn't be  controversial to protect our waters from mining contamination for our  people, farmers, and environment.   My other amendment would have simply stated that this bill would not  go into effect until the Federal Government certified that it would  lower costs for American consumers and save taxpayers money. If this  bill is really designed to lower energy costs for American consumers  and taxpayers, let's verify that before putting polluters over people.   Again, I appreciate the opportunity to consider my amendment, which  would require local units of the Bureau of Land Management, Forest  Service, and National Park Service to conduct an outreach plan to  disseminate and advertise local civil service positions with functions  relating to permitting and natural resources in their offices. Each  plan must include outreach to local high schools, community colleges,  institutions of higher education, and other relevant institutions.   The BLM, the Forest Service, and the National Park Service field  offices, and  [[Page H1611]]  ranger districts and sites are stewards of our lands and waters, but  they also operate within communities within which they are located,  whether it is Cuba or Farmington or Roswell, New Mexico.   Adequate staffing at these offices and their headquarters, and our  Federal agencies more broadly, is critical to our ability to  effectively steward our natural resources and environment and move  projects through the permitting process efficiently, responsibly, and  with an ear tuned in to what the local communities need.   Unfortunately, we are seeing many of our agencies struggle to fill  vacancies and staff up. For example, an E&E News article from last year  said there are vacancy counts for all BLM State offices; the National  Interagency Fire Center in Boise, Idaho; the Bureau's National  Operations Center in Denver; and the other directorates.   To be clear, I know BLM and other Federal agencies are working hard  to address these challenges. My amendment would take another step to  help address the staffing challenges by making sure local offices are  communicating with the local communities about open positions.   Whether it is New Mexico Highlands University, Eastern New Mexico  University, or Navajo Tech, I believe we should be taking advantage of  talent in the communities where these offices are located.   To be clear, once again, we must also provide our Federal agencies  with the resources and tools they need and support our Federal  workforce along the way.   The investments made last Congress to increase capacity at our  Federal permitting offices were a downpayment, but we need to continue  to invest in agency capability.   Again, this amendment simply makes sure that our local agencies are  thinking about communicating with our local talent when trying to fill  those hiring challenges.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas  for his visit to my district. I also invite the gentleman to the  northern part because, at New Mexico Highlands University, we have an  excellent forestry department where we are looking at the center of  excellence. I know the gentleman's interest in forestry.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   