 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 500, the Financial Exploitation Prevention  Act of 2023, sponsored by the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Wagner).   Adults over the age of 65 are too often the target of financial  exploitation and have become victims of financial crimes more than any  other demographic.   In the annual report on elder fraud and abuse, the Department of  Justice reported that, in 2020 alone, seniors suffered over $1 billion  in financial losses due to fraud.   Unlike other adults, seniors are often dependent on their savings to  support them in retirement, making it much more difficult for them to  recover from incidents of fraud.   Brokers and investment managers, who often stand in as the stewards  of the savings of seniors, are in a unique position to protect elders  from financial crimes.   In 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission released a letter  called a no-action letter stating that the Commission would not take  enforcement action against the agents of an investment company,  including mutual funds, if the person paused a payment or redemption  based on the suspicion of financial exploitation.   This pause on cashing out the savings of a senior provides a  necessary safeguard to ensure that the redemption is consistent with  the will of the senior.   H.R. 500 would codify this SEC letter. It would also make two further  changes to describe how a mutual fund adviser can establish the process  at each fund to protect seniors.   I thank Mrs. Wagner for working with my staff to craft the language  in this bill. This is a helpful piece of legislation that will provide  one more tool to market participants to protect investors and, in  particular, our Nation's retirees.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation passed with bipartisan support last  Congress, and I urge my colleagues to once again  [[Page H500]]  support this bill. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   H.R. 500 is a helpful piece of legislation that will support our  Nation's seniors as they seek to fund their retirement.   Investment advisers and brokers want to do the right thing to stop  fraud when they see it, and this bill will ensure they are able to do  so.   The bill is supported by the Consumer Federation of America, the  North American Securities Administrators Association, and Public  Citizen.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 582, the Credit Union Board Modernization  Act, sponsored by Representative Vargas.   This bill would modernize Federal requirements for Federal credit  union board meetings to match a flexibility included in State credit  union charter  [[Page H502]]  requirements in 17 States, including my State of California.   Specifically, Federal credit unions are currently required to meet  monthly. Under this bill, Federal credit unions that receive high  ratings from the regulator would only be required to meet six times  annually, with at least one meeting held during each fiscal quarter.   To ensure stability and mitigate the risk of institutional failure,  this bill retains certain safeguards. For example, Federal credit  unions that receive low exam ratings would still be required to meet at  least monthly, as well as newly formed Federal credit union boards  during the first 5 years of their charter.   Additionally, if emergencies or issues arise requiring a board  meeting, nothing in the bill prevents Federal credit unions from  meeting more frequently than what is required.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for  closing.   Mr. Speaker, I applaud Mr. Vargas' efforts to work on this bipartisan  bill and appreciate that the reforms in this bill have been structured  in a way to incentivize credit union boards to take steps to ensure  their institutions are safe, sound, and well managed.   This bill has broad support, including from credit unions, like the  California and Nevada Credit Union Leagues, to consumer groups like  Americans for Financial Reform.   I am pleased to work with Mr. Vargas to advance this bill through the  House. I was pleased to do this in the last Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 298, the Expanding Access to Capital for  Rural Job Creators Act, sponsored by Representative Mooney of West  Virginia. Last Congress, this bill was led by Democrats and introduced  by my good friend, former Representative Axne of Iowa. The bill passed  the House last year, and I continue to support it.   While small businesses in the big cities may enjoy easier access to  capital to grow their businesses, hire and support their employees, and  serve their communities, the businesses in rural America often  struggle.   Rural America's job growth is half the rate than that of big cities.  Rural America's poverty rate is also higher than that of the big  cities, even though it has dropped under President Biden's leadership  and as a result of the Inflation Reduction Act passed by Democrats last  Congress.   To better understand these issues in rural America, H.R. 298 would  require the SEC's Small Business Advocate to report to Congress on  particular challenges that rural businesses face in accessing our  capital markets.    I am very much in support of this bill. I have always advocated that  we should work together, the rural legislators and the small town  legislators, to be able to do more in rural communities. Of course,  that takes resources.   So while my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle may be in  the cutting mode, based on what I am learning about the debt limit  discussions that are going on, I would urge them to take a look at  these rural communities so that we can begin to close that gap that  exists.   Mr. Speaker, I say to my colleagues: It is not only when we are  talking about businesses and small businesses, whether we are talking  about that or healthcare or any of the other issues, the rural  communities need more advocacy. They need more legislation. They need  more of the Representatives on the opposite side of the aisle dealing  with us so that we can correct these gaps that have lasted for far too  long.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, H.R. 298 directs the SEC Small Business  Advocate to focus on the challenges rural small businesses face. I,  again, urge my colleagues to support this bill.   Again, I would like to reiterate how anxious I am to work with the  opposite side of the aisle so that we could close this gap and deal  with the concerns of rural America. It is not only in small business;  again, it is healthcare and it is in housing.   You all know that housing is one of my top priorities. I am looking  forward to an urban-rural Renaissance of some kind. I want to say to  Mr. Hill, I am looking forward to what can be done in Arkansas.   My mother was born in Cotton Plant, Arkansas, in his district, and I  know that there are a lot of needs there, but it is going to cost  money. It is going to cost time. I want the gentleman to know I believe  in capital formation, and I think we can work together on capital  formation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   