 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and thank  [[Page H2542]]  you for bringing us together so that we can pay our respects and  gratitude to the great Congressman from Rhode Island.   On a personal note, just listening to his comments there, he and  Congresswoman DeLauro have a competition about pizza. They don't know  that most people come to San Francisco to learn how to make pizza. I  say that in sharing the pride we take in our Italian-American heritage,  and the knowledge that we have about food.   In any event, I thank Mr. Cicilline for his great leadership in this  Congress. He has been a champion on policy issues. He spelled them out  here.   I will never forget the day that he joined John Lewis, Katherine  Clark,   John Larson, and others, to have a sit-in on the floor of the  House.   Mr. Speaker, they did not tell us that they were doing this because  as leadership we would have said you are not allowed to do that. They  could anticipate that I might say that. They just protected the  leadership from having to make that statement, and they launched their  sit-in on the floor of the House.   It was very successful because, by coincidence, we had planned a  rally about gun violence prevention, and they were having a sit-in on  gun violence prevention on the floor of the House.   The whole world found out about it because Mr. Takano spread the word  through his telephone, even though the Republicans turned out the  lights in the House and nobody could see what was going on in here. He  spread the word through his telephone. Actually, it became a sit-in  heard around the world. I thank Mr. Takano, John Lewis, and Mr.  Cicilline.   You heard him talk about the issues and the knowledge he has about  them, the judgment he has about prioritizing and the legislative  strategic thinking of trying, in the most possible way, to be  bipartisan and to be transparent and to be accountable.   Representative is a job title Mr. Cicilline has. It is his title, and  it is his job description for representing the people of Rhode Island.  He loves his district. He loves his State. He loves his country.   By being a Representative, coming to the floor and speaking for those  people, every time he did, he did so with great pride. Again, he is a  man of many issues and many talents. He also has many ethnicities.   When he came, I thought, oh, good, we have more Italian Americans in  the Congress. I would see him at the Italian-American events. When I  would go to Jewish events, he would be there as a Jewish Member of  Congress. Of course, there was the LGBTQ+ community. So he was a man  for all seasons, all ethnicities, all orientations. That made him a  very great Representative for our entire country across the board.   There are many Members who want time to sing the praises of this  great man. I have many stories I could tell about how, in his role as  leader in our Democratic Policy and Communications Committee, DPCC, he  made our message more effective, by how he gave guidance to Members and  how he mentored others after they came here.   I give him some points for having been the mayor of Providence  because when you are mayor you are a manager, you have to get things  done. He brought that administrative skill to a legislative job, and we  all benefited from it.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Magaziner for yielding time. As I say, we  all have a lot to say about David Cicilline, and we will take other  opportunities to do so. For tonight, I not only thank him for his  leadership but for his leadership in this body and the rest. For the  beautiful presentation he made about our country this evening, his  patriotism, his service, his call to duty, and his being so effective  in doing all of the above, I thank Mr. Cicilline.   