 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Womack, Ranking Member  Hoyer, and the subcommittee staff, especially Matt Smith and Philip  Tizzani, for all the work they do.   This Financial Services and General Government bill put forth by the  majority is unacceptable. The Republicans propose cutting critical  agencies the American people depend on for a stable, secure, safe, and  fair economy by a staggering 58 percent.   My colleagues across the aisle often claim to support things like law  and order, economic competition, and protecting children. Yet, their  actions demonstrated by this bill suggest otherwise.   Cuts to the Small Business Administration would cut off assistance  and resources that help small businesses start, grow, and compete.   Cuts to the Securities and Exchange Commission would benefit market  manipulators and inside traders over families saving for retirement.   Cuts to the Federal Trade Commission would levy higher prices on  Americans and make seniors more prone to be victimized by scammers.   Cuts to the Consumer Product Safety Commission would enable dangerous  products to hit store shelves and enter our homes, potentially harming  our children.   Finally, cuts to the Internal Revenue Service would protect cheats  over honest, hardworking families. We know an underfunded,  understaffed, and overwhelmed IRS means the wealthiest billionaires and  corporations avoid paying taxes. According to Secretary Yellen, ``In  2019, the top 1 percent of Americans was estimated to owe over one- fifth of unpaid taxes, leaving ordinary Americans to shoulder the  burden.''   Furthermore, in 2021, the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy  found that at least 55 of the largest corporations in America--in a  year they saw over $40 billion in pretax income--had paid no Federal  corporate income taxes. Corporations like Nike, Hewlett-Packard, and  Dish Network paid zero Federal income taxes.   Treasury recently announced that thanks to the resources provided in  the Inflation Reduction Act, the IRS is pursuing back taxes owed from  about 1,600 taxpayers with incomes over $1 million. They have so far  closed 100 of those cases, collecting $122 million since September.  That is not a tax increase. That is collecting revenue legally owed.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle frame the debt as a  problem of our investments in the American people. We have a revenue  problem, and they refuse to let the IRS collect legally owed taxes from  their billionaire and corporate friends to address this problem.   We cannot stand for the disadvantaging of small businesses, making  seniors susceptible to scammers, exposing children to dangerous  products, and rigging the stock market for the well-connected and  wealthiest.   Earlier this year, I met with SBA Administrator Guzman. The  Administration is extraordinarily concerned with how they would provide  the resources America's entrepreneurs rely on to help start their  businesses and grow if these cuts are enacted. Small businesses are an  essential part of the American economy and really are the core to the  financial security of our middle class. They define Main Street in  neighborhoods across the country.   This bill not only slashes funding for the IRS by $1.1 billion, but  it takes back more than $10 billion in funding provided in the  Inflation Reduction Act. This is on top of cuts to the IRS that the  majority is pursuing as a condition for providing aid to Israel, and in  addition to the $57 billion in cuts to the IRS' Inflation Reduction Act  funding in the other 11 appropriations bills.   These cuts would rob the Treasury of $130 billion and hand it  directly to billionaires, the biggest corporations, fraudsters, and tax  cheats. That is not according to me. That is according to the  Congressional Budget Office.   I have heard my colleagues on the other side of the aisle talk about  wanting to be tough on China, and yet this bill includes no funding for  the Administration's efforts to restrict outbound investment in  countries like China that threaten our national security. The majority  is giving a green light to the potential offshoring of critical United  States' supply chains to foreign adversaries like China and Russia.   Of course, the majority doesn't stop there. They have included dozens  of problematic, pointless riders, including prohibitions on the SEC's  climate disclosure rule, prohibitions on healthcare and abortion,  micromanaging the District of Columbia's traffic laws at a level that  is petty and deserves derision.   The Financial Services and General Government bill is central to  effectively running the Federal Government and providing services to  the American people. The majority's bill instead focuses on protecting  the tax dollars and priorities of billionaires and big corporations.    For all these reasons, I cannot support this bill.   