 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the  dangerous measures that House Republicans are bringing to a vote in  this Chamber as part of their ongoing efforts to end a woman's right to  choose and inserting politics unnecessarily and wrongly into the  doctor-patient relationship, denying abortion care to women,  stigmatizing women who get abortions, and putting at risk the doctors  who simply are doing their jobs by caring for them. All while ignoring  the threats that abortion providers and patients face daily.   The American people sent a clear message during the midterms:  Politicians have no place in our personal medical decisions.   House Republicans refuse to listen. Instead of protecting and  expanding reproductive healthcare and women's rights, they are making  it their first order of business to use their power to control women's  bodies and their future.   I condemn violence in all of its forms. This resolution condemns only  some violence and very intentionally omits violence like the murder of  health professionals, against abortion providers, patients and their  families. Maybe they don't regard murder as violence.   This comes at the same time as women's rights are under attack. This  nonbinding resolution is meant to only divide and distract and will do  nothing to actually reduce violence.   I urge my colleagues to oppose these biased bills and continue to  stand up and speak out for what is right.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the latest  attempt by House Republicans to control women's reproductive freedom, a  ruse to ban safe and legal abortions in this country. This legislation  purports to address something that does not happen.   The hypotheticals some of my colleagues described are not based in  fact. Their arguments are untrue and do not represent how medicine  actually works. Their suggestions are not only false, but they are  callous.   The truth is abortions that occur after 3 months of pregnancy account  for only 1 percent of all abortions, and they occur almost exclusively  because a woman's life is at risk or her pregnancy is not viable. We  should not be in the business of enacting laws that make these  difficult and painful situations worse.   What is not hypothetical is the real pain and suffering that  politicians across this country are imposing as they continue to chip  away at what should be an essential right.   A woman must have the right to make health decisions that are in the  best of interest of themselves, their family, and their circumstances.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this sham piece of  legislation.   