 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding  time.   This really is about saving lives. Eight children a day die from gun  violence. In addition, 40,000 Americans die from gun violence  throughout the year.   I thank Congressman Thompson of California for making clear what we  are saying here today. A veteran can buy a brace any day of the year.   We love, respect, and admire our veterans. However, at the same time,  we respect our first responders, police officers, firefighters, and  others who are on the front line or former combat officers who say that  we don't need automatic weapons in the hands of civilians. There is no  hunting purpose. There is no purpose.   You haven't lived until you see a shoot-out in your district between  a criminal with a ghost gun against police officers. That is what we  are trying to prevent. I don't want to see that in Houston, Texas, ever  again.   A person can buy the brace without a background check. When it  becomes a dangerous weapon, when that brace changes the gun's legal  status and makes it, in essence, the same that caused a mass shooting  at a Boulder, Colorado, supermarket, then the stabilizing brace and a  shorter barrel made a pistol under Federal gun regulations.   Saving lives is why I am standing here on the floor. Protecting  police officers and protecting firefighters is why I am on the floor.  The highest calling that I have on the floor is protecting children and  stopping Uvalde, Sandy Hook, Parkland, Santa Fe, and the list goes on.   A brace can be bought without a background check, and the rule that  is being overturned simply says the ATF is doing the right thing.   Mr. Speaker, vote for the underlying bill.   Mr. Speaker, I am here today to speak in opposition to the proposed  legislation, H.R. 1615--the Gas Stove Protection Freedom Act and H.R.  1640--the Save our Gas Stoves Act.   The Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) is responsible for  protecting children and other consumers from unreasonable risk of  injury or death from consumer products.   The CPSC carries out its mission by investigating allegations that  consumer products pose an unreasonable safety risk, working with  industry to develop voluntary product safety standards, issuing, and  enforcing mandatory standards on hazardous consumer products, and  recalling unsafe consumer products or arranging for their repair.   The CPSC has a history of protecting children and adults from safety  risks across a wide range of products, including removing hazardous  infant sleep products from the market, adopting corded window coverings  standards to prevent strangulation of children, and working with  industry to reduce the risk of fires from micro mobility devices like  hoverboards and e-scooters.   Republicans are deliberately misleading the American public with this  legislation, which is designed to scare consumers and, unfortunately,  Republicans are ignoring the reasonable steps the CPSC has taken to  study and address the hazards posed to our children by gas stove  emissions.   Legitimate concerns have been raised about the health impact,  particularly on children, of the nitrogen dioxide emitted by gas  stoves.   Observational studies have found that children living in households  that use gas stoves are 42 percent more likely to have asthma.   In December 2022, CPSC issued a recall on a specific gas stove  product that was found to be a serious risk of injury or death from  carbon monoxide poisoning.   H.R. 1615 would prohibit CPSC from using its rulemaking authority to  ban all such hazardous products to protect to Americans.   As the Chairman of the CPSC explained earlier this year, the  Commission does not have a proceeding to ban gas stoves but is  researching gas stoves and exploring ways to address health risks.   The Republicans' bill peddles the lie that the Biden Administration  is attempting to ban gas stoves, but the facts simply are not on their  side.   H.R. 1615 will stifle scientific investigation into health hazards  and create bad precedent when it comes to protecting our children from  health and safety hazards.   Protecting and improving the health and well-being of our children  should not be a partisan issue.   On a bipartisan basis, we should be encouraging the CPSC to explore  all allegations that appliances or other consumer products put our  children's health at risk and give the CPSC more, not fewer, tools for  eliminating or mitigating safety risks they uncover.   It is unconscionable to limit the CPSC's options for addressing the  potential risks of gas stoves--a product found in homes across  America--before the CPSC has fully explored the risks posed by gas  stoves and potential solutions.   Efficiency standards are not bans.   Republicans are deliberately misleading the American public to  prevent the Department of Energy (DOE) from fulfilling its statutory  obligations and finalizing an efficiency standard that will save  consumers money.   H.R. 1640 prohibits the Secretary of Energy from finalizing or  enforcing a February 2023 proposed rule that would improve the  efficiency of electric and gas stoves, ultimately saving families money  on their energy bills.   The Republicans' bill simply peddles the lie that the Biden  Administration is attempting to ban gas stoves, but the facts simply  are not on their side.   DOE cannot ban gas stoves. DOE is simply proceeding with a  Congressionally mandated efficiency standard.   The proposed efficiency standard will save Americans money through  lower energy bills while cutting harmful indoor air pollution that  disproportionately impacts children's health.   DOE's proposed rule is one of their statutorily required standards-- and it follows years of inaction and missed statutorily mandated  standards deadlines by the Trump Administration.   In the Fall of 2020, multiple organizations and states filed lawsuits  asserting Trump's DOE was in violation of deadlines for the review of  25 of its energy conservation standards.   This Republican bill doubles down on that legacy by obstructing DOE  from doing what Congress and a court settlement have required it to do.   Republicans' fearmongering over gas stoves is nothing more than a  cheap political stunt  [[Page H2830]]  designed to scare consumers and protect their fossil fuel friends.   H.R. 1640 prioritizes profits for Big Oil and Gas over the health and  economic well-being of everyday Americans.   Efficiency standards save Americans money, while the Republicans'  bill will only increase energy costs for Americans and pad the pockets  of their fossil fuel friends.   Republicans' scare tactics include pushing a false narrative about  how ``96 percent of gas stoves on the market don't meet the proposed  standard.''   This is simply not true.   This deliberate fearmongering is the result of Republicans  purposefully misrepresenting DOE data to serve their own political  goals.   The statistic Republicans are referencing comes from a DOE test of  high-end models that they anticipated would not meet the standard. The  test, by design, was not representative of the entire market.   The truth is, nearly half of products on the market today are already  in compliance with the proposed rule, including all entry level models.   In a testament to just how far Republicans are willing to go to prop  up their polluter friends, H.R. 1640 goes beyond an amendment offered  by Rep. Palmer (R-AL) that was added to H.R. 1 by significantly  limiting future DOE rulemaking.   This bill does not include a sunset clause--it could forever limit  DOE from taking substantive action to improve the energy efficiency of  Americans' cooktops.   While the Palmer Amendment would prevent DOE from moving forward with  one standard related to cooktop efficiency, H.R. 1640 goes even further  by amending the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to restrict DOE from  taking similar action in the future.   This bill sets a bad precedent that polluters could seek to exploit.   DOE is already prohibited from banning products based on their fuel  source, but H.R. 1640 adds yet another hurdle: it requires DOE to prove  that a conservation standard is not likely to result in the  unavailability of a product based on the fuel it consumes.   This added condition could significantly weaken and slow down DOE's  ability to issue future energy conservation standards.   DOE's proposed energy efficiency standard for gas and electric stoves  is smart, commonsense policy that would cut pollution, improve  Americans' health, and lower energy bills. And it can be achieved using  readily available design changes.   DOE's commonsense proposal will benefit Americans' health and  pocketbooks.   DOE estimates the proposal will: Save consumers as much as $1.71  billion and slash nearly 22 million metric tons of carbon dioxide and  245 thousand tons of methane.   These benefits would come without imposing any undue burdens on  manufacturers.   DOE's proposed rule gives manufacturers three years after the date of  the rule's publication to comply.   Nearly half of products on the market today are already in compliance  with the proposed rule, and there are readily available design changes  available for those that don't.   Energy efficiency standards are popular: three out of five Americans  support stricter energy efficiency standards for appliances and  buildings.   It is time we stop the negativity and counterproductive efforts that  are ripping apart our country, and to instead focus on coming together  to work towards sensible and effective solutions that can work for the  betterment and growth of our country.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reassert my opposition to H.R. 277, the  ``Regulation from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act'' and  H.R. 288, ``The Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2023.''   First in addressing, H.R. 277, the REINS Act, is a measure that has  been offered by Republicans dating back to 2012, is and has always been  a problematic bill that would restrict agency rulemaking procedures and  undermine public health and safety.   Because it would require both houses of Congress to pass, and the  President to sign, a joint resolution of approval for any major rule  before they can take effect, this bill would effectively act as a  chokehold on Federal agency rulemaking.   I along with my colleagues have attempted to address many of the ills  these bills purport by offering common sense amendments that  Republicans have continued to refuse any meaningful consideration.   My amendment to H.R. 277, listed on the Rules Committee roster as  Amendment #30 would have exempted from the bill the congressional  approval requirement for any proposed rule that is made to ensure the  safety of products used or consumed by children under the age of 2.   Without such an amendment, the RAINS act cripples the Federal  government's ability to protect our children and prioritize their  safety.   As it stands, this bill has no exceptions or flexibility when it  comes to pressing issues of public health and safety.   It is deeply troubling that REINS Act will delay the implementation  of integral new public health and safety safeguards, putting our  children at risk.   As such, the REINS Act will ultimately fail to protect the public as  it places an expertise-based process into the hands of the government,  allowing the political games we have seen in the House this Congress to  continue.   Because of the special vulnerability of young children and the  distinct threat that the implementation of the REINS poses to the  current regulatory process, I urge my colleagues to join me in  opposition to H.R. 277.   Second in addressing H.R. 288, ``The Separation of Powers Restoration  Act of 2023'' which purports to address constitutional and statutory  deficiencies in the judicial review of agency rulemaking.   Yet, this bill is a long-repeated effort to shift the scope and  authority of judicial review of agency actions away from federal  agencies by amending Section 706 of the Administrative Procedures Act  (APA) to ``require that courts decide all relevant questions of law,  including all questions of the interpretation of constitutional,  statutory, and regulatory provisions, on a de novo basis without  deference to the agency that promulgated the final rule, unless  otherwise expressly provided by statute.   Effectively, H.R. 288 would abolish judicial deference to agencies'  statutory interpretations in federal rulemaking and create harmful and  costly burdens to the administrative process.   Mr. Speaker, I am concerned about the ability for agencies to act in  times of imminent need to protect citizens.   In particular, H.R. 288 would make sweeping and dangerous changes  that would jeopardize the ability of the Department of Homeland  Secuirty to protect our nation in times of urgent and imminent need.   My amendment to H.R. 288, listed on the Rules Committee roster as  Amendment #3 would have been a simple but necessary revision that would  remedy this concern by excluding from the bill cases with rules made by  the Secretary of Homeland Security and pertaining to any matter of  national security.   As a Senior Member of the Homeland Security Committee, I understand  the many challenges the Department of the Homeland Security (DHS)  already faces and its critically important role in preventing terror  threats and keeping Americans safe.   The Department is the first line of defense in protecting the nation  and leading recovery efforts from all-hazards and threats which include  everything from weapons of mass destruction to natural disasters.   We do not need to be reminded of the heightened state of security are  nation is in and the ever-increasing demands imposed upon our  government agencies tasked with keeping our borders and citizens safe.   Now is not the time to undermine or slow the ability of DHS and its  ability to address growing threats and active acts of terrorism.   The overall mission of DHS is too critical and its functions  indispensably essential, such that it would be impugned to do anything  that will slow down the process that allows DHS to do its job.   Given the absence of my essential amendment and the fact that H.R.  288 would cripple Federal agency's ability to act in times of imminent  need, I urge opposition to H.R. 288.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished ranking  member and certainly the distinguished Member who is managing, my  friend from Texas.   Let me be very clear. I support a stabilizing brace for disabled  Americans and veterans.   Could anybody stand here and disagree with that?   They were wounded in combat, and they are fighters for our freedom.  It is my honor to have represented the Houston National Cemetery in  Texas over a number of years.   Let me be very clear on what we are debating here today. Might I say  that there are veterans in the ATF, men and women who served in the  United States military who have come home to serve again. Their desire  is not to violate the Second Amendment, neither is their desire to take  innocent Americans in.   You can get a brace for those disabled veterans, and it is a legal  process. This provision specifically is to deal with when you make it a  lethal weapon to be used like an assault weapon to kill people.   I don't know why we can't be clear. Let me tell you why it is very  clear. It is because we started out with this bill so many days and  weeks ago, but in the midst of it, someone used the exact same brace to  go into the Covenant School in Nashville and murder three 9-year-olds  and three staff members. That is what the ATF is against. Eight  children are dying every day and 40,000 Americans are dying throughout  the year through gun violence, not your Second Amendment.   Mr. Speaker, who would even think that you could tamper with the  Second Amendment?   It is in the Bill of Rights.   However, we do believe that when you have this weapon being created  to be the kind of dangerous and lethal weapon to kill, Americans will  stand up and say: It is not about the Second Amendment, it is about  saving lives.   In Dayton 2019, 9 killed, 17 injured; Boulder 2021, 10 killed;  Colorado Springs 2022, 5 killed and 19 injured; Nashville 2023, 6  killed, and children are amongst them.   This is the procedure that is used, not at a shooting range where our  veterans may go, but for criminal acts that kill people.   Mr. Speaker, let's hear from the person who actually designed it. It  was the creator of the SB tactical stabilizing brace who acknowledged  in a 2017 interview with the editor of The Firearm Blog that many who  bought the braces did so to avoid National Firearms Registration. They  were going to do bad, not those good veterans.   He also said during our joint hearing last month--in answer to a  question where I asked him to discuss the ATF  [[Page H2839]]  order--that the stabilizing brace was originally designed to allow a  disabled veteran to shoot a pistol more accurately and safely.    Under this regulation, they will still be allowed to  do so.   Let me be very clear. It is for veterans, and under the regulation of  ATF, who is full of combat veterans themselves doing their duty to this  Nation, who looked at this and said they cannot stand for more children  being murdered by someone taking a brace--not disabled at all--but to  make a steady aim to kill and take innocent lives.   I commend the ATF for its fortitude. I will tell you, Mr. Speaker,  that the work we need to be doing right now, passing the Kimberly  Vaughn Firearm Safe Storage Act, extreme risk protection laws, and an  assault weapons ban that more than 200 persons voted against but the  right people voted for, this is not an injury to our veterans. It is  saving lives.   Who would stand up here against a veteran?   Nobody. However, I am going to stand up here against the killing of  children.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in Opposition to H.J. Res. 44, which opposes  regulation of stabilizing braces--one of the modifications the shooter  used to blast their way into Covenant School in Nashville and murder  three nine-year olds and three staff members.   After this shooting occurred, the Judiciary Committee postponed the  markup of this resolution of disapproval, which was originally  scheduled to take place the day after the shooting.   For some reason, which I do not claim to know, Republicans didn't  want to talk about stabilizing braces then. But less than a month after  more Americans learned that children would never again come home or go  to school, Republicans decided that the time was right to hold a markup  of this resolution.   It took just twenty-two days for Republicans to move on from the  tragic loss of life--of children--and get back to the business of  supporting and protecting the gun lobby.   Now here we are today--while the wounds of that tragic day are still  fresh--not to vote on a bill to make sure this deadly modification  never ends up in the wrong hands again but to make it easier to  purchase and possess them.   Instead of offering legislation to address the problem of gun  violence or to tackle public safety issues, Republicans are here today  to shake their disapproving fingers at the ATF for doing its job and to  uplift the very modification used to slaughter nine people and injure  17 in downtown Dayton, Ohio; to massacre ten people, including a police  officer, at a supermarket in Boulder, Colorado; to murder five people  and injure 19 at a club in Colorado Springs; and as I said--most  recently--in Nashville, to kill children and the people who cared for  them.   Had the rule on stabilizing braces been in place at the time, these  murderers might have been deterred--and lives saved--by the National  Firearms Act registration requirements, which include an enhanced  background check.   Although my Republican colleagues see fit to abolish or defund ATF or  ``zero out their salaries''--when it became obvious that stabilizing  braces had become a workaround against the short barreled rifle rules,  the subject-matter experts at ATF exercised their statutory authority-- granted by Congress--as a regulatory agency--to implement, clarify, and  interpret the terms and requirements within its jurisdiction, including  application of the National Firearms Act.   I should point out that it was under the previous administration that  ATF first concluded that stabilizing braces were being designed to  avoid NFA requirements.   And it was the creator of the SB Tactical stabilizing brace who  acknowledged in a 2017 interview with the editor of The Firearm Blog,  that many who bought the braces did so to avoid NFA registration. He  also said during our joint hearing last month to discuss the ATF--that  the stabilizing brace was ``originally designed to allow a disabled  veteran'' shoot a pistol more accurately and safely. Under this  regulation, they will still be allowed to do so.   I commend the ATF for having the fortitude to press forward despite  the unfair attacks and bullying by House Republicans--including their  December 2020 letter to then Attorney General Barr and ATF Acting  Director Lombardo--to provide guidance to prevent the harm created by  certain stabilizing braces that convert firearms into concealable,  killing machines.   And let me be clear. We all know that this resolution is not  particularly about the ATF, disabled veterans, or even stabilizing  braces. This resolution is about allowing more guns on the street and  in our communities.   Our divisions could not be clearer--as Republicans continue to put  more guns, that are more dangerous, in more hands.   They want unfettered access to more guns--to be used against women;  more guns to be used against children in their homes and in their  schools; more guns to be used against law enforcement--against people  shopping in grocery stores--and against people enjoying a night out  with friends.   Democrats, on the other hand, will continue to support the ATF in its  efforts to address gun violence and to promote commonsense laws that  keep Americans safe--like the Kimberly Vaughan Firearm Safe Storage  Act, Extreme Risk Protection laws, and an Assault Weapons ban that more  than 200 Republicans voted against and could have yielded a much  different result in mass shootings that have become an American way of  life.   That is why I urge my colleagues to vote no to this dangerous  resolution.   