 Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend from Georgia for  yielding me the time.   I rise in opposition to this bill. This bill will hurt our farmers,  it will hurt women and children, and it will hurt rural America. It  provides $17.8 billion, the lowest level of funding for 16 years.   This bill hurts our ability to fight the climate crisis by limiting  the flexibility of the Credit Commodity Corporation that the USDA uses  to give farmers the tools they need to respond to climate change.   It slashes funds for climate hubs and climate research, following the  hottest months ever recorded on Earth.   It strips resources for the Rural Energy for America Program, which  will make electricity more expensive for over 1,600 residents in my  district. It zeros out funding for the Office of Urban Agriculture and  Innovative Production that handles composting and food waste. This  means even more greenhouse gases will be released into our atmosphere.    This bill includes language to prevent the USDA from implementing a  rule to protect farmers and ranchers from anticompetitive behavior in  the meat and poultry industry.   Mr. Chairman, I want to be very clear about the cuts Republicans are  making to WIC, the nutrition program for women, infants, and children.  This bill cuts WIC by $800 million. This bill also slashes the  available funds for families to buy fruits and vegetables. This bill  cuts WIC fruit and vegetable benefits by 56 percent for children and up  to 70 percent for women.   Pregnant and postpartum participants would see their benefits drop  from $44 to $13. That is $13. Anyone who has been grocery shopping in  the past few months knows this is not enough--if you buy a bag of  apples, some carrots, and onions, you spent your allotment for the  month.   Almost one-third of children in the United States don't consume  enough fruit and vegetables daily, and almost half don't consume enough  vegetables daily. This program is critical to address the disparities  people face in assessing healthy food.   At a time when food pantries in States like Maine are facing empty  shelves, while they have huge increases in demand, I cannot fathom how  Republicans can justify the cuts in this bill. Please vote against this  bill.   