 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 1.   America must have accessible and affordable energy. Coal, oil and  gas, and uranium are three of the most important resources we have to  meet our demands. These resources are needed now and will be needed for  generations to come, with demand only increasing over time.   The key question that we must address, then, is who is going to be  producing our energy? Our fellow Americans, using our very own  resources here? Or foreign and often hostile countries?   For the Republicans, the correct answer is obvious. For the Biden  administration and Democrats, however, the answer lies not in using our  own abundant energy resources and controlling our own destiny but in  offshoring energy and mineral production to Third World and dictatorial  countries that care nothing about protecting the environment.   The Biden administration and our friends across the aisle prefer to  rely on coal from China and oil and gas from Russia, Iran, Venezuela-- anywhere but here.   Their preferred energy policy is one that empowers and enriches  dictators, despots, and tyrants; one that destroys our access to and  use of safe, clean, and reliable energy that is found right here in  America; and one that is designed to increase the cost and decrease the  availability of the very building blocks of a civilized society,  including food, housing, concrete, fertilizer, transportation, and  manufacturing.   Their preferred energy policy is one that establishes energy poverty  as the cornerstone of our society, where blackouts, intermittent power,  and Third World conditions define our day-to-day existence.   In reality, the Democrats are reading from a fairytale, one in which  we are allegedly going to be carbon-free by 2030, or perhaps it is  2035, or maybe we should look to 2050.   The only thing that the American people need to understand is that  whatever the magical year is, it is beyond a point in time when they  are no longer in power.    Their promise of outlawing gas stoves, air-conditioners  that work, and the internal combustion engine and other technologies  that make our lives better is beyond their expiration date as  politicians. How so very convenient.   The House Republicans are ready to fight for American citizens and  ensure that we have clean and abundant energy, and I rise in support of  and support H.R. 1.   