 Mr. Speaker, I am the only Palestinian American serving in  Congress, and I have family members all throughout the West Bank and  what many people call the illegally occupied territories.   We are here again reaffirming Congress' support for apartheid.  Policing the words of women of color who dare to speak up about truth  and about oppression is just not what we should be doing here in  Congress.   Let's just get the record straight here. This is not something that  is made up. The United Nations Human Rights Watch, Amnesty  International, and Israel's own largest human rights organization,  B'Tselem, all agree that Israel is an apartheid state.   To assert otherwise, Mr. Speaker, in the face of this body of  evidence is an attempt to deny the reality and to normalize violence of  apartheid.   This week we are going to hear consistently people touting about, oh,  this is bipartisan support here.   Don't forget, this body, this Congress, supported a South African  apartheid regime, and it was bipartisan as well.   Mr. Speaker, you don't have to take it from me to understand the  racism of an apartheid government. Let's take a moment just to hear  Israeli Government's own politician in their own words. This is a  direct quote, not mine. Current Prime Minister Netanyahu on his  policies toward Palestinians said: ``Beat them up, not once but  repeatedly, beat them up until it is unbearable.''   He said that Israel must ``crush Palestinian hopes for a fully  sovereign state.''   One of the former defense ministers said that Palestinians are  ``beasts. They are not human.''   He is talking about people like my grandmother, Mr. Speaker.   How about a former justice minister who said: ``They should go, as  should the physical homes in which they raised the snakes. Otherwise,  more little snakes will be raised there.''   How about another former defense minister said: ``Those who are  against us, there is nothing to be done. We need to pick up an ax and  cut off his head.''   Another quote: ``There is no such thing as a Palestinian people.''   How is that not racism at its core?    Mr. Speaker, Israel's own President Herzog is going to  come before Congress tomorrow. He has long advocated against  interracial marriages.   Did you all know that?   Do you care?   He said it on a news segment. Look it up.   When he came to America, he said: ``I encountered something that I  called an actual plague. I saw my friends' children married or coupled  with non-Jewish partners.''   Israel is an apartheid state. The Israeli Government is deeply  problematic in the way that they are proceeding in the structure of  oppression.   Mr. Speaker, just like I speak up against injustices here in America,  this is about speaking up against violence. Congress must stop funding  apartheid.    Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate the leadership and  guidance by Congressman Thompson as he leads our effort with the task  force. I have learned so much about some of the work that has been done  prior to getting here and knowing, again, we are taking steps, but we  know that we need to move with urgency.   I know 205 of my Democratic colleagues have signed a discharge  position to bring the assault weapons ban to the House floor for a  vote. I don't know how many more mass shootings it will take for  Republicans to finally join us.    These weapons of war have been used in many of the deadliest mass  shootings in our history and are the weapons of choice for shooters to  kill as many people as possible as quickly as possible.   From 1994, Mr. Speaker, to 2004, while American families were  protected by the assault weapons ban, there were 40 percent fewer  shootings. Since the ban expired in 2004, gun violence has massacred  our communities.   A bullet fired by an assault weapon can tear a softball-sized wound  into victims. Imagine a child. There is no reason that anyone needs a  weapon that can fire up to 60 rounds per minute.   Weapons of war designed to hunt human beings have no place in our  communities, our schools, our places of worship, or on our streets.   It is shameful that many Republican colleagues care more about  securing funding from the NRA than saving the lives of our children.  Their inaction has left our communities devastated and families torn  apart.   The trauma of being survivors of gun violence is real. We cannot  afford to wait any longer. We owe it to the victims, to survivors, to  our children. We must honor them with action by banning assault  weapons.   Maite, a 10-year-old child who was killed in Uvalde, deserves us to  act today. She deserves us to do more to save lives.   