 Mr. Speaker, I rise to address H. Con. Res. 57.   I condemn antisemitism and hate in all its forms, and my record is  clear. Last Congress, I voted for H. Res. 1125 affirming this stance,  and I have always and will always speak out against hate.   I also support the rights of both Israelis and Palestinians to live  in safety. As Chair of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee in the  117th Congress. I fully funded the Iron Dome and U.S.-Israeli  cooperative missile defense programs that help ensure Israel's  security.   As a long-time supporter of a two-state solution, I am deeply  troubled by the record of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and actions  of the Israeli government that run counter to this stated goal. For  example, the Israeli government's decision in 2018 to enact their  Nation-State law, which restricts the rights of Palestinians. Or the  lack of accountability for how Israel uses the $3.8 billion in annual  security assistance provided by the United States. These concerns are  central to why I introduced H.R. 3103 to prevent U.S. taxpayer dollars  from being used to support the military detention of Palestinian  children, demolish Palestinian homes, or annex Palestinian lands.   I am proud to serve in the United States House of Representatives, in  the greatest democracy in the world. A cornerstone of a strong  democracy is the ability to openly criticize our government when we  feel it is doing something against our values. As a Member of Congress,  I have often criticized the policies of my own government. That does  not make me anti-American. And criticizing the policies of the Israeli  government does not make one antisemitic.   H. Con. Res. 57 does nothing to advance the goal of a peaceful  solution to end the conflict. Striving for an Israeli state and a  Palestinian state living side-by-side in peace and security is worth  the effort of every Member of Congress. But that means Congress will  need to support the rights, needs, and aspirations of both Palestinians  and Israelis.   Attempting to silence conversations about Palestinian human rights  and intimidate people who wish to have open and honest conversations  about the mistreatment of the Palestinian people will only prolong this  problem. I will not be silenced. I will keep speaking up against  antisemitism, oppression, and hate in all forms.   I will vote ``present'' on this resolution, because Americans,  Israelis, and Palestinians deserve genuine steps forward on the goal of  peace, not more division and political gamesmanship. I do this because  every Palestinian child and Israeli child deserves to go to sleep at  night dreaming of a brighter future, not one of violence.   