 Mr. President, I rise to express my support and  appreciation for Acting Secretary of Labor Julie Su and all she is  doing to uplift workers and businesses across our country.   Acting Secretary Su has been leading the Department of Labor for  nearly 5 months. She previously served as Deputy Secretary of Labor. In  both positions, she has shown her ability to bring people together-- labor and management--to resolve disputes. She did so to avert a  freight railroad strike, and recently, as Acting Secretary, she helped  avert a catastrophic strike at ports all across the west coast. Had  major ports across our country come to a screeching halt, our country  would have been subjected to massive supply chain disruptions, costing  our economy billions of dollars.   As Gene Seroka, director of the Port of Los Angeles, put it, Julie  was ``a constant and reassuring voice of reason that helped to keep  both sides at the bargaining table and focused on resolution.''   As she often does, Julie got the job done without fanfare or  attention. She didn't ask for credit or recognition; she simply did the  job. And that is what she has done throughout her career, whether while  fighting for undocumented garment workers in California or helping the  Biden-Harris administration create more than 13 million jobs.   Julie Su isn't a politician. She has dedicated her life to fighting  for working people and leveling the playing field between labor and Big  Business. She knows that the work of the Department of Labor isn't  about her; it is about the millions of working people who keep our  economy and our country moving forward.   Now, Mr. President, when I first immigrated to this country, we just  had one suitcase, and our first home was a boarding house where we  shared a single bed sleeping sideways.   My mother's perseverance eventually enabled her to get a job at the  Honolulu Advertiser, our local newspaper. And while the job was  nonunion when she was first hired, my mother and her coworkers  ultimately came together to form a union. It was then that Mom's pay  increased, providing the stability that allowed our family to buy our  very first home, and, literally, we entered the middle class.   Unions are critical at a time when economic disparity continues to  grow. We are seeing a resurgence of labor organizing across our  country. From Honolulu to Hollywood and far beyond, actors, writers,  teamsters, and so many others are organizing to demand fair pay, decent  treatment, and basic dignity. At a time like this, we need a Labor  Secretary who can bring labor and management together. Julie Su is that  person.   Julie has broad support from businesses and labor alike, garnering  the endorsement of groups including the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of  Commerce, Small Business Majority, the AFL-CIO, and dozens of labor  unions across the country. Given her experience, her qualifications,  and those endorsements, it is hard to understand my colleagues'  objections to her nomination, especially by those who voted to confirm  her as Deputy Secretary of Labor in 2021.   Over the last few months, Julie has endured lies about her record,  condescending questions about her qualifications, and an unprecedented  campaign by special interests--some big businesses--to deny her  nomination. They are going so far as to put up anti-Julie Su billboards  in a number of States, all to persuade certain Senators to not vote for  her confirmation.   In spite of this coordinated smear campaign, as far as I am  concerned, Julie has a strong commitment to public service and to doing  the job President Biden asked her to do. She will persevere.   Like millions of working people all across our country, I am grateful  for Julie's perseverance and her leadership. I hope my colleagues will,  at some point soon, acknowledge her record of accomplishments, her  ability to do the job, and support her nomination. Julie not only  deserves our support; she has earned it. In the meantime, I know that  she will continue to do her job, and our country will be better for it.   I yield the floor.   