 Mr. Speaker, I thank my brother and friend,  Congressman Jackson from the great State of Illinois, for managing this  Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour and standing with his  sisters.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the work that my CBC  colleagues are doing as we continue fighting to enshrine the equal  rights amendment into our Constitution.   The ERA was sent to the States for ratification in 1972. As we  reflect on the 100 years since the ERA was first proposed in 1923,  attempts to ratify the amendment each year have faded. What is old has  become new again, but the state of gender equality in our country has  sadly remained unchanged.   Why all the controversy and why such difficulty in giving women the  protection of the Constitution that should have been given to us long  ago?   It is 2023. There is no reason that an arbitrary deadline should  prevent women from having basic fundamental rights under the  Constitution.   Around the country, women, especially women of color, continue to  face discrimination in healthcare, in the workforce, in the boardroom,  in the schools, and in everyday life.   Enough States have finally ratified the ERA, but it is past time that  it becomes an official part of our Constitution and gives every woman  in America full protection under the law.   If you support women, you should support the ERA. If you don't  support women, stand up and say why you don't think your mother,  daughter, sister, aunt, or grandmother deserves equal rights.   My colleagues, Representatives Cori Bush and Ayanna Pressley, have  led a renewed charge to add a 28th amendment to our Constitution and  enshrine the ERA into law. I thank them for their commitment to  confronting gender equality in the face of disheartening challenges.   The first ever Equal Rights Amendment Caucus is dedicated to this  cause, and as vice chair and co-lead of Representative Pressley's  resolution, I stand arm in arm with my colleagues as we bring this  battle home.   I am going to say this. This charge is being led by Black women.  Historically, we are the ones who take up the mantle of equality and  fight to not only uphold our democracy but to move it forward.   Abolition, suffrage, civil rights--all of these movements supported  Black women even though they were not always recognized for their  leadership and courage. A glaring irony of gender discrimination.   I am going to say the names again. Mary Church Terrell, Shirley  Chisholm, Pauli Murray, Nevada Senator Pat Spearman, and even our own  Jennifer McClellan. These activists have led fierce fights for gender  equality to uplift Black women and women across the country.   In fact, Pauli Murray once said: ``If anyone should ask a Negro woman  in America what has been her greatest achievement, her honest answer  would be, `I survived.'''   We must recognize the work of these pioneers as we continue their  fight today. The ERA would allow Congress, Federal agencies, and courts  to address the needs of women as they relate to pay equity, pregnancy  discrimination, sexual harassment and violence, abortion access, and  LGBTQ protections because women are insulted, harassed, demeaned,  demoted, and assaulted just for being women.   Enshrining these rights brings our Constitution into the 21st  century. We might have been written out, but don't count us out. We  will persevere until we can finally celebrate the addition of a 28th  amendment to secure equal rights and a better and brighter future for  our children and the women that we love.   