 Mr. Speaker, the American healthcare system is a complex,  expensive maze fueled by heavyhanded regulation, consolidation, and  lack of transparency. Growth in health spending is rising at  unsustainable rates, forcing insurance premiums and out-of-pocket costs  higher and remaining too expensive for working families.   The bill before us is a bipartisan solution to help lower costs by  pulling the curtain back on healthcare and revealing anticompetitive  industry practices that are stifling the free market.   Included in this bill is the Hidden Fee Disclosure Act, authored by  Representatives   Joe Courtney and Erin Houchin, which requires  pharmacy benefit managers, PBMs, and third-party administrators to  disclose hidden compensation to plan sponsors.   The Health DATA Act, authored by Representative Lori Chavez-DeRemer,  is also included in this legislation. It prohibits gag clauses between  health plans and third-party entities, which restricts a plan sponsor's  access to its own data.   Additionally, the bill includes the Transparency in Coverage Act,  authored by Representative  Bob Good. It builds on the general  principles of transparency and accountability enshrined in the No  Surprises Act by requiring health plans to disclose their prices  publicly.   Patients have been left in the dark. Because of opaque rules and  industry practices, patients are often left paying higher costs. This  is why we are taking action and shining a light on these issues.  Increasing transparency has been proven to root out waste successfully  and save healthcare dollars.   Bottom line, we want to provide workers and their families with more  options at lower prices. The Lower Costs, More Transparency Act does  just that while also reducing the deficit by $800 million.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support its passage.    Mr. Speaker, the goal of the Lower Costs, More Transparency  Act is to allow a wide range of employers, workers, and health plans to  benefit from increased transparency of pharmacy benefit managers so  they can make more informed, cost-conscious health care decisions.   It has come to our attention that the definition of large employer in  this bill, as written, may have inadvertently left out certain types of  non-employer plans, such as multiemployer, union, governmental, and  retiree plans.   I rise today to affirm that my colleagues and I never intended for  this bill to exclude these plans from leveraging the transparency tools  included in this bill.   We remain committed to addressing this technical issue as we work  with our Senate colleagues to expand transparency in health care  following passage of the Lower Costs, More Transparency Act today.   