 Mr. Speaker, first, I join with my colleague,  Jim  McGovern, on our constant fight for ending hunger. I thank my  colleague, the Honorable Mickey Leland, along with the late Congressman  Emerson for beginning the Congressional Hunger Center and starting the  Select Committee on Hunger in this Congress.   As I transition to why I stand here today, one would wonder why this  is so relevant. In about 24 hours, the State of Texas will take over a  majority-minority school district that has been fighting to overcome  the pandemic effect, but there are children who do not eat unless they  have the programs that our public school system has been able to  provide for them. They are hungry.    If the title I funding and other funding is gone,  they are hungry.   The Houston Independent School District should not be taken over  because I wonder about the children who will go hungry under the new  administration.    Mr. Speaker, I am going to say my good friend, Mr.  Cole--because he is my good friend--Mr. Cole had the facts very much  incorrect.   The President of the United States was protecting the American  people, protecting their future, and being, in essence, the great  protector, while my friends on the other side of the aisle were passing  legislation that was taking away H.R. 1, 30 million medical  appointments for veterans, and throwing millions of Americans off of  Medicaid. That is why the President was trying to get a clean debt  ceiling, so we could come back as a House, Democrats working to get a  fair budget bill.   That did not happen as he waited over and over again to see whether  or not the Republicans would do what was done in the last  administration and raise the debt ceiling not for debt, but to pay  America's bills.   Now, this picture depicts the Speaker Emeritus and Good Hope Baptist  Church with the children in daycare. Under the leadership of my  friends, without the work that we are doing now to pay our bills,  nondiscretionary funding, which takes care of Head Starts and  childcare, would have been literally thrown out and families would be  standing in line looking for an empty chair for their child to go in so  they could go to work. In actuality, that is what Democrats did to  ensure that did not happen.   Today, we stand on this floor to say that we will not allow the  cruelty of default. We will not allow hostage taking. We will stand for  the American people. We will ensure that the expansion of veterans and  homeless persons and children in foster care that are now able to get  SNAP, that is because we continue to fight, even though we could not  get the Republicans to come to the table for 4 or 5 months.   I offered amendments to provide an increase or provision for those  students who are still in their families' homes.    Mr. Speaker, I am here today to speak on the Rule offered here today  in consideration of H.R. 3746, the Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023.   It is important to highlight and discuss how we got here and what is  at stake with this critical and momentous measure.   I know I am not alone in the disappointment at what steps have been  taken to hold our nation's economy hostage and put American lives at  risk.   It is shameful that, while we have a bipartisan agreement here today,  we have taken painful compromises to get here.  [[Page H2677]]    And although arduous efforts on both sides of the aisle allowed for  us to move forward with this agreement, and some critical protections  for the American people have been preserved--it must be stated that  this agreement is not one that entirely reflects what we in Congress  should be united on--namely, our most basic and fundamental truths that  hold us together as a democracy.   We are a nation that upholds the ability for all to prosper, as well  as one that upholds the ability for all Americans to be protected and  cared for in our times of greatest need.   It is important to understand that the foundations of a society do  not extend only to its political and economic system; they must extend  to its social and moral system as well.   Taking all of these in balance there is no other comparable  governmental system that has raised the standard of living of millions  of people, created vast new wealth and resources, or inspired so many  beneficial innovations and technologies.   Governmental structures providing for protections and safety nets for  all Americans is what makes us all successful as a nation united.   Creating and preserving such structure is the critical investment in  our government, our nation, our security, and our development and  growth for current and future generations to benefit from.   Yet, instead of investing in America, many of my Republican  colleagues would rather focus on holding our economy hostage to advance  unpopular and dangerous priorities.   Holding our nation's debt ceiling as collateral to inflict painful  cuts that will impact the lives of millions of Americans and knowing  that breaching the debt limit would provoke unprecedented economic  damage and instability in the U.S. and around the world is a sad state  that we have found ourselves in.   Yes, it is evident that my Republican colleagues will not prioritize  the wellbeing, safety, health, and prosperity of the American people  when looking at what we have had to give up in this bill.   While much is unknown about the devastating impact this bill will  have, we do know that some immediate changes will inevitably cause harm  to many American families, children and vulnerable individuals.   That is why I offered several amendments during the Rules Committee  that will make additional exemptions and elimination of  disqualifications for several additional special populations in which  we must protect and continue to support when they are in their most  desperate and fragile times of need.   Ensuring that we are not taking critical resources and money for food  away from children and families living in poverty is not only the right  thing to do, but also the economically smart thing to do.   The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is the nation's  most important and effective anti-hunger program.   Any changes in SNAP will have an incredible impact on millions of  Americans and Texans.   As of 2020, there were 18.66 million households relying on SNAP and  7.11 million SNAP households with children.   Texas holds the second highest number of households using the SNAP  program in 2023 at 1,167,720, making up 11.5 percent of Texas  households.   As of April 2023, there were 284,794 SNAP cases and 6l5,463 eligible  individuals in Harris County, my district's biggest county.   This included 92,214 individuals aged less than 5 and 228,5l9  individuals between the ages of 5-17.   My first amendment for H.R. 3746, listed on the Rules Committee  roster as Amendment #56, would have added a provision to extend  exemption regarding current work requirement exemptions in the Food and  Nutrition Act for a parent or person responsible for dependent child up  to age 24 in SNAP household.   In Texas, 79 percent of SNAP participants are families with children.  That's more than the national rate of 69 percent of SNAP participants  across the country being families with children.   Further, the SNAP participation rate in Texas for working poor people  is 72 percent which is also more than the national rate of 4l percent  of SNAP participants nationwide being in working families.   We need to understand that parents continue to support children  beyond the age of adolescence impacting financial resources for  families well into a child's early twenties.   Across the country there 5.134 million, and 528,000 in Texas aged 18- 24 in poverty as of 2021.   Nearly 1 in 3 parents (31 percent) have made a significant financial  sacrifice to help their adult children financially.   Over two-thirds (68 percent) of parents of adult children have made  or are currently making a financial sacrifice to help their kids  financially.   Parents say they sacrificed retirement savings (43 percent),  emergency savings (51 percent), paying down their own debt (49 percent)  or reaching a financial milestone (55 percent).   Over 40 percent of American children rely primarily on their mothers'  earnings for financial support in cross-sectional surveys.   In July 2022, half of adults ages 18 to 29 were living with one or  both of their parents.   Significantly higher than the share who were living with their  parents in 2010 (44 percent on average that year) or 2000 (38 percent  on average).   What this means is that we need to understand that support for  families with dependent children under the age of 24 and who are living  in poverty need to be protected and extended the grace of an exemption  in this bill.   My second amendment for H.R. 3746, listed on the Rules Committee  roster as Amendment #59, would have extended the former foster care  exemption to all individuals 24 or younger under state custody and  aging out of critical support services.   More than 23,000 children will age out of the US foster care system  every year.   Every year in Texas, more than 1,200 young adults age out of the  foster care system without being adopted.   Less than half of Texas foster care alumni (46.9 percent) were  currently employed at least ten hours per week.   Only half of alumni (51.6 percent) reported having a household income  that was greater than the poverty line.   By 24 years old, 50 percent of former foster kids had been ``couch  surfing'' since leaving care.   One in ten interviewed alumni (11.1 percent) was currently  incarcerated; nearly seven in ten males (68.0 percent) had been  arrested since leaving care, 55.2 percent had been convicted of a  crime, and 62.3 percent had spent at least one night incarcerated.   Over 90 percent of foster youth who move more than four times will  end up in juvenile justice.   Many youth in the juvenile and criminal justice system are not deemed  to be indigent but have also had contact with the foster care system  and have been removed from their homes even if they have not been  formerly adjudicated as a foster child.   Far too often children in state custody are taken from their homes  for significant periods of times during their adolescence and at a time  when they are most vulnerable to recidivating upon their return to  their homes due to gaps and lack of resources to help them get jobs,  education, mental health care, substance abuse and housing.   It is important that we continue to provide necessary resources for  all children and youth aging out of state custody where they have been  removed from their homes during critical times of development and  growth--and often are left to survive on their own and/or cannot return  to their homes upon their release.   We need to do more to support youth aging out of state custody.   Despite no Democratic common-sense amendments being accepted at this  posture, we have no choice but to continue to move forward and still  try to make a better way for our nation. And to stop a devastating  default where all Americans would suffer.    Mr. Speaker, I am here today to speak on H.R. 3746,  the Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023.   It is important to highlight and discuss how we got here and what is  at stake with this critical and momentous measure.   I know I am not alone in the disappointment at what steps have been  taken to hold our nation's economy hostage and put American lives at  risk.   It is shameful that, while we have a bipartisan agreement here today,  we have taken painful compromises to get here.   And although arduous efforts on both sides of the aisle allowed for  us to move forward with this agreement, and some critical protections  for the American people have been preserved--it must be stated that  this agreement is not one that entirely reflects what we in Congress  should be united on--namely, our most basic and fundamental truths that  hold us together as a democracy.   We are nation that upholds the ability for all to prosper, as well as  one that upholds the ability for all Americans to be protected and  cared for in our times of greatest need.   It is important to understand that the foundations of a society do  not extend only to its political and economic system; they must extend  to its social and moral system as well.   Taking all of these in balance there is no other comparable  governmental system that has raised the standard of living of millions  of people, created vast new wealth and resources, or inspired so many  beneficial innovations and technologies.   Governmental structures providing for protections and safety nets for  all Americans is what makes us all successful as a nation united.   Creating and preserving such structure is the critical investment in  our government, our nation, our security, and our development and  growth for current and future generations to benefit from.   Yet, instead of investing in America, many of my Republican  colleagues would rather focus on holding our economy hostage to advance  unpopular and dangerous priorities.   Holding our nation's debt ceiling as collateral to inflict painful  cuts that will impact the lives of millions of Americans and knowing  that breaching the debt limit would provoke unprecedented economic  damage and instability in the U.S. and around the world is a sad state  that we have found ourselves in.   Yes, it is evident that my Republican colleagues will not prioritize  the wellbeing, safety, health, and prosperity of the American people  when looking at what we have had to give up in this bill.  [[Page H2705]]    While much is unknown about the devastating impact this bill will  have, we do know that some immediate changes will inevitably cause harm  to many American families, children and vulnerable individuals.   That is why I offered several amendments during the Rules Committee  that will make additional exemptions and elimination of  disqualifications for several additional special populations in which  we must protect and continue to support when they are in their most  desperate and fragile times of need.   Ensuring that we are not taking critical resources and money for food  away from children and families living in poverty is not only the right  thing to do, but also the economically smart thing to do.   The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is the nation's  most important and effective anti-hunger program.   Any changes in SNAP will have an incredible impact on millions of  Americans and Texans.   As of 2020, there were 18.66 million households relying on SNAP and  7.11 million SNAP households with children.   Texas holds the second highest number of households using the SNAP  program in 2023 at 1,167,720, making up 11.5 percent of Texas  households.   As of April 2023, there were 284,794 SNAP cases and 615,463 eligible  individuals in Harris County, my district's biggest county.   This included 92,214 individuals aged less than 5 and 228,519  individuals between the ages of 5 through 17.   My first amendment for H.R. 3746, listed on the Rules Co1nmittee  roster as Amendment No. 56, would have added a provision to extend  exemption regarding current work requirement exemptions in the Food and  Nutrition Act for a parent or person responsible for dependent child up  to age 24 in SNAP household.   In Texas, 79 percent of SNAP participants are families with children.  That's more than the national rate of 69 percent of SNAP participants  across the country being families with children.   Further, the SNAP participation rate in Texas for working poor people  is 72 percent--which is also more than the national rate of 41 percent  of SNAP participants nationwide being in working families.   We need to understand that parents continue to support children  beyond the age of adolescence impacting financial resources for  families well into a child's early twenties.   Across the country there 5.134 million, and 528,000 in Texas aged 18  through 24 in poverty as of 2021.   Nearly 1 in 3 parents (31 percent) have made a significant financial  sacrifice to help their adult children financially.   Over two-thirds (68 percent) of parents of adult children have made  or are currently making a financial sacrifice to help their kids  financially.   Parents say they sacrificed retirement savings (43 percent),  emergency savings (51 percent), paying down their own debt (49 percent)  or reaching a financial milestone (55 percent).   Over 40 percent of American children rely primarily on their mothers'  earnings for financial support in crosssectional surveys.   In July 2022, half of adults ages 18 to 29 were living with one or  both of their parents.   Significantly higher than the share who were living with their  parents in 2010 (44 percent on average that year) or 2000 (38 percent  on average).   What this means is that we need to understand that support for  families with dependent children under the age of 24 and who are living  in poverty need to be protected and extended the grace of an exemption  in this bill.   My second amendment for H.R. 3746, listed on the Rules Committee  roster as Amendment No. 59, would have extended the former foster care  exemption to all individuals 24 or younger under state custody and  aging out of critical support services.   More than 23,000 children will age out of the US foster care system  every year.   Every year in Texas, more than 1,200 young adults age out of the  foster care system without being adopted.   Less than half of Texas foster care alumni (46.9 percent) were  currently employed at least ten hours per week.   Only half of alumni (51.6 percent) reported having a household income  that was greater than the poverty line.   By 24 years old, 50 percent of former foster kids had been ``couch  surfing'' since leaving care.   One in ten interviewed alumni (11.1 percent) was currently  incarcerated; nearly seven in ten males (68.0 percent) had been  arrested since leaving care, 55.2 percent had been convicted of a  crime, and 62.3 percent had spent at least one night incarcerated.   Over 90 percent of foster youth who move more than four times will  end up in juvenile justice.   Many youth in the juvenile and criminal justice system are not deemed  to be indigent but have also had contact with the foster care system  and have been removed from their homes even if they have not been  formerly adjudicated as a foster child.   Far too often children in state custody are taken from their homes  for significant periods of times during their adolescence and at a time  when they are most vulnerable to recidivating upon their return to  their homes due to gaps and lack of resources to help them get jobs,  education, mental health care, substance abuse and housing.   It is important that we continue to provide necessary resources for  all children and youth aging out of state custody where they have been  removed from their homes during critical times of development and  growth--and often are left to survive on their own and/or cannot return  to their homes upon their release.   We need to do more to support youth aging out of state custody.   Despite no Democratic common-sense amendments being accepted at this  posture, we have no choice but to continue to move forward and still  try to make a better way for our nation.   