 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Michigan for  both being a strong supporter of this bill and yielding me the time.   I thank the gentleman from Ohio for understanding the role of the  Great Lakes and how the role of ocean acidification impacts all of us.  I truly appreciate his support of this bipartisan bill.   I thank Chair Lucas and Ranking Member Lofgren for their work to  address the impacts that climate change has had on our oceans   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 676, the  Coastal Communities Ocean Acidification Act, a bipartisan bill that  would direct the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to  support the current efforts of coastal communities already facing the  impacts of ocean acidification, particularly underserved and rural  coastal communities, and better equip them with the resources to  respond.   According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change,  atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations are now higher than at any  time in the last 2 million years, and about 30 percent of the carbon  dioxide we release into the atmosphere is absorbed by the ocean.   More carbon dioxide in our waters creates challenging growing  conditions for marine organisms, especially those with calcium  carbonate shells, such as clams, lobsters, and oysters.   Ocean acidification threatens not only our fisheries but the entire  blue economy, our marine resources, industries, and jobs, as well as  coastal communities like mine that depend on them. A 2020 report found  that in the United States, particularly in the waters off Maine and  Massachusetts, ocean acidification hot spots could lead to economic  losses of $400 million a year by 2100.   In a State renowned for its lobster and shellfish--which as you know,  Madam Speaker, is Maine--you can imagine we take this threat very  seriously. I am proud of the efforts in Maine to tackle this challenge,  such as through implementing ocean monitoring and data collection and  exploring the ability of seaweed and kelp to lower acidity.    Madam Speaker, my bill would support these efforts and  more by improving NOAA's collaboration with State, local, and Tribal  Governments on community vulnerability assessments, research planning,  and similar activities related to ocean and coastal acidification. In  addition, ensuring the Ocean Acidification Information Exchange will  bolster data sharing on ocean acidification research, data, and  monitoring efforts between Federal experts, community acidification  networks, and other affected stakeholders.   This legislation will address the growing and far-reaching threat of  ocean acidification to help ensure our ocean industries, including  fisheries, and the communities that depend on them are more resilient  to our changing oceans.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 676  today.   