 Madam Chair, I rise today in opposition of H.R. 1, the  misleadingly named Lower Energy Costs Act.   I had everything written down of what I was going to say, but then I  started hearing some other stuff. I decided that what I wanted to talk  about is a few things.   Number one: I need the American people to understand that H.R. 1  means that this is the first bill. This is the bill that the party in  power thinks matters most. This is where their priorities lie. When you  look at what the Democrats did, they decided that they wanted to stand  for democracy after there were those that wanted to try to tear our  democracy apart.   I have to rest here for a second, simply because at the time I was a  Texas House Representative who had to flee my State because of voting  rights. I urged this House to pass H.R. 1, simply because we were  trying to make sure that people would not cheat in these elections.   Just because you have control of the House doesn't mean that you  didn't take your time and gerrymander these lines because we know that  is exactly what happened. That is the only reason that the Democrats  are not currently in control. The reason that this margin is so tight  is because our policies stand for the people.   Let's talk about this bill. This bill is about putting people over  polluters. If we want to talk about what the Republicans do when they  are in control and they get to decide about power, let's talk about the  State of Texas.   Let's talk about the fact that we have left the State of Texas in the  dark over and over. It was interesting to look across the aisle and see  a sign that said that the Republicans will keep the lights on. Well, go  talk to Texas and find out if the lights have been kept on or if we  have been left in the dark.   We are consistently left in the dark because there is this idea that  if we just go ahead and get rid of regulations that everything will  work out. Unfortunately, it has not worked out. It has not worked out  to the tune of us actually losing lives in the State of Texas.   That is why we are here standing before you, making sure that we are  fighting for actual lower bills when it comes to our everyday working  families that are already squeezed by inflation.   We heard Mr. Speaker talk about the fact that he wanted to make sure  there was more money in people's pockets for medicine. When it came  down to voting for the Inflation Reduction Act, I don't believe that  there were too many Republicans that were voting for that--to make sure  we could lower the cost of insulin--just to make sure that the Record  is clear--if we want to make sure we are putting more money into their  pockets.   House Republicans want to lower energy costs for big polluters, plain  and simple. That means somebody foots the bill and somebody pays the  price. Once again, go ask my constituents in Texas. We are the ones who  are footing the bill for the failures of our grid over and over and  over.   My constituents tend to be Black and Brown, mostly, and they tend to  be those that are disproportionately living in polluted communities  today, that are only able to breathe because of the scant environmental  protections we actually have. They are being asked  [[Page H1498]]  to not only endure the brunt of pollution, but also endure the bill of  pollution. I will not and I cannot stand for it.   When this bill guts Clean Air Act safeguards to let polluters earn  profits faster by curtailing the already paltry public comment period,  my constituents foot the bill.    Madam Chair, my constituents foot the bill with  increased rates of lung disease, healthcare costs, and child mortality.  Who foots the bill for these lower energy costs? Not the polluters.   It is the little girl on the playground in my district who is  inhaling toxic fumes from the concrete plant right next to her school.  That little girl will be scarred for the rest of her life with an  increased risk of asthma, bronchitis, and cancer just so polluters can  make a quick buck.   You know what makes it crystal clear who the supporters really care  about? The Lower Energy Costs Act repeals the home electric rebate  program passed last year to reimburse the cost of energy efficient home  equipment that would have actually lowered Americans' energy costs.   House Republicans are lowering energy costs for polluters all right  and lowering all of our life expectancy right along with it.   Madam Chair, H.R. 1 puts politics over people and puts polluters over  people.    