 Mr. President, I am really proud to join today with my  colleagues to speak on behalf of American women of the fundamental  rights of all pregnant persons and our freedom to make our own  healthcare decisions.   Thanks to a radically conservative Supreme Court, reproductive  freedom is no longer a constitutional right in the United States for  any American. Roe v. Wade protected our freedoms for 50 years, until it  didn't, and now today's young women have fewer freedoms than their  mothers and their grandmothers ever did. And we are furious. Do you  want to know how furious?   In Michigan, we turned our anger into action. In November, we had the  largest voter turnout for a midterm election ever. One of the measures  on the ballot enshrined the right to reproductive freedom in our  State's constitution. It passed by a strong 13-point  [[Page S707]]  margin, because Michiganders understand that health decisions should be  made by individual people, not by judges and not by politicians.   Unfortunately, a lot of folks didn't get the message. Republicans in  Congress have pushed for a nationwide abortion ban. State legislatures  across the country are making it harder and harder for people in their  States to receive reproductive care. There are 24 States that have  already banned abortion or probably will soon, and any day now, a  Federal judge--one man in Texas--let me repeat that. One man in Texas  is expected to hand down a ruling that could ban a medication that has  been used to safely end pregnancies for 23 years. That decision would  prevent patients from getting the healthcare they need even in States  where abortion is legal.   That is why it is so incredibly important that we pass a law that  says, once and for all, that women in America have the freedom to make  our own healthcare decisions. That is just what the Women's Health  Protection Act will do, and I am very proud to join my colleagues in  introducing this bill.   It will protect all Americans from State laws that limit access to  abortion services. Right now, your freedom to make your own healthcare  decisions depends on the ZIP code you happen to live in, and that is  simply wrong. Women in Michigan and Mississippi and Montana all deserve  to make decisions about our own healthcare, our own lives--not extreme  Republican lawmakers, not extreme members of the Supreme Court, not one  extreme judge in Texas. It is critical that we pass the Women's Health  Protection Act now. Our freedom depends on it.   Let's be clear. We will continue to fight until our reproductive  freedom as Americans is restored.   I yield the floor.   