 Madam President, well, I want to thank Senator Cardin for  his leadership on small business. For the 4 years I have been here, he  has been a friend and a mentor, and he has really encouraged me in so  many ways to find my voice for Nevada, for this country, and I  appreciate his leadership. Thank you.    And the Senator is right. Small businesses, well, they are the engine  of the U.S. economy. They foster innovation. They create jobs. They  provide a lifeline for families.   And, in Nevada, small businesses make up 99 percent of all  businesses. Our small business economy, it is thriving. It is  increasingly diverse, allowing many Nevadans to achieve the American  dream by being entrepreneurs and providing for their families.   These businesses, they are crucial for Nevada's economy. We should  encourage and support them by making it easier to start and operate  small businesses, increasing access to capital to help them grow and  succeed, and cutting through that redtape that is far too often a  barrier.   So here in this Chamber, we must focus on helping small businesses  overcome the enormous challenges that they face and the obstacles they  experience just to get off the ground.   As a member of the Senate Committee on Small Business and  Entrepreneurship, my top priorities have been expanding resources in  support for Nevada's small business--the owners, the employers, and  their workers. And so from introducing a bipartisan bill to help those  graduating from minority-serving institutions to open a business to  sponsoring bipartisan legislation to help veterans start small  businesses in underserved communities, to urging the Small Business  Administration to open a Veterans Business Outreach Center in Nevada, I  have been fighting for businesses time and time again, and I will keep  fighting.   I am also working in a bipartisan way to make small, nonprofit  childcare providers eligible for Federal resources so that they can  grow, create jobs, and provide more affordable childcare options in all  of our communities. And this just means so much to our families. It  gives them so much peace of mind.   And I am going to continue, as well, to advocate to open up Federal  loans for State-legal cannabis small businesses. They are job creators  in our State and in a growing number of States across the country.   And we can also help our small businesses by reducing the burden that  entrepreneurs face, well, when they get started. The exhaustive hoops  that American entrepreneurs have to frequently jump through--from  obtaining permits to fulfilling licensing requirements--well, it can be  a real challenge for people just to get those businesses off the  ground.   And so that is why I am proud to announce that, today, I am  introducing bipartisan legislation to help small businesses by cutting  through the bureaucratic redtape that often prevents them from getting  off the ground.   My legislation would create a centralized website. This website,  entrepreneurs can come and visit to get all the information they need  from the Small Business Administration on Federal, State, and local  licensing and business permitting requirements, with information and  resources all in one place, because I believe we should be making it  easier to start a small business, and we must make sure that  entrepreneurs are in the best position to succeed right from the  beginning. And having them going to a one-stop website, that is a start  because I know that when we invest in our small businesses and our  entrepreneurs, when we invest in our communities, when we invest in our  hard-working families, well, together, we create a successful future  for our State and for our country.   And so I urge my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to join me  in cutting redtape, bringing down those barriers, and increasing  information access for all of our small businesses.   I yield the floor.   