 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there be 2  minutes equally divided prior to the next rollcall vote.    Mr. President, this motion is the first procedural vote  to consider an appropriations package containing the fiscal year 2024  Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, Agriculture, and  Transportation and Housing appropriations bills.  [[Page S4365]]    In order for us to consider amendments to these bills, we have to get  on the bills; and that is what this vote is all about. These bills were  reported unanimously, all three of them, by the Senate Appropriations  Committee, and I urge my colleagues to vote yes on proceeding to the  bills and then we can have a robust amendment process.    Mr. President, I am very pleased to join Chair Murray as  we begin debate on the first of what I hope will be a series of fiscal  year 2024 appropriations packages considered on the Senate floor in the  coming weeks. And I want to commend Chair Murray for her leadership,  for her bipartisanship, for her relentlessness in getting us to where  we are today. It did take a lot of work, and it has been a pleasure to  be her partner.   When Chair Murray and I took the helm of the Appropriations Committee  at the beginning of this year, we set forth the goal of returning  regular order to the appropriations process. Now, Chair Murray and I  have served in the Senate long enough that we remember what regular  order means. It means going through the committee process, reporting  bills out after hearings and a markup, and bringing them to the Senate  floor. But many of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle have never  experienced regular order. That is how long it has been since we have  done the process the right way.   The system just works better when we adhere to regular order, with  committee members having the opportunity to shape legislation, and the  Senate as a whole having the chance to work its will.   Regular order is not easy. In fact, it is a lot of work. Our  committee members spent much of the winter and spring in hearing rooms,  holding nearly 50 subcommittee hearings and briefings on the  President's fiscal year 2024 budget requests. We scrutinized the  funding levels, evaluated the programs, and asked the tough questions.   In June and July, our members were hard at work at developing,  drafting, and advancing the fiscal year 2024 funding bills. For the  first time ever, our committee markups were televised so that our  deliberations and our votes on amendments and on passage of each bill  were fully transparent. The result, as Senator Murray has said, for the  first time in 5 years, the Senate Appropriations Committee has reported  each and every one of the 12 appropriations bills. All of them passed  with strong bipartisan support. Seven of them were approved  unanimously.    Today, we take the next important step in restoring deliberation to  the appropriations process as we bring the first package of funding  bills to the Senate floor. I know that both Chair Murray and I are  committed to doing our part to ensure a constructive floor debate with  a robust amendment process. This will require the cooperation of all  Members, and I hope we will be able to work together toward that goal.  It is critical that we succeed in this effort so that we do not once  again find ourselves in December faced with the unpalatable choice  among a 4,000-plus-page omnibus bill, a yearlong continuing resolution,  or, worst of all, a government shutdown.   The Republican leader spoke this morning about the importance of the  package of bills before us. He noted that this legislation ``is  designed to address a trio of important commitments--to America's  farmers, to our veterans, and to investing in transportation  infrastructure.'' He went on to note that ``seven percent of American  adults are veterans of our Armed Forces.'' I am pleased to say that in  Maine, that percentage is even higher. We rank among the top in the  country in the number of veterans on a per capita basis who have  answered the call to serve. The leader also noted that ``ten percent of  American jobs are supported  [[Page S4368]]  by agriculture. And our entire economy hinges on safe and efficient  railroads, airports, roads, and bridges.'' The leader's remarks  succinctly sum up the importance of these bills.   Our package includes the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs  bill, led by Senators Murray and Boozman. It was approved by the  committee on June 22, so Members have had a great deal of time to  scrutinize and read the language of that bill. This wasn't something  assembled hastily, behind closed doors, at the last minute. To the  contrary, it was subject to in-depth hearings, negotiations, and  transparent markups.   We are also going to include, I hope, the Agriculture, Rural  Development, and Food and Drug Administration bill written by Senators  Heinrich and Hoeven, which was also approved on June 22. It is a very  important bill to the State of Maine, where potatoes are our No. 1  crop.   I grew up in Northern Maine, where potatoes are grown, and I helped  to pick potatoes when I was age 10. The schools would recess so that  the schoolchildren could help the farmers get in the crop before the  heavy freeze made that impossible.   Of course, Maine is also known for its wonderful wild blueberries and  many other crops.   We are also going to look at and include the Transportation and  Housing bill drafted by Senators Schatz and Hyde-Smith, which was  approved on July 20.   Each of these bills--each one of them--was reported unanimously. That  hardly ever happens around here. It is a tribute to the chairmen and  chairwomen of those subcommittees and the ranking members and how hard  they worked to put together a bill that reflected not only the views of  their subcommittees and the full committees and input from Chair Murray  and me but from so many other Senators who wrote to us with their  priorities.   The first bill, the MILCON-VA appropriations bill, invests in  critical Department of Defense infrastructure. It provides funding to  support the European and Pacific Deterrence Initiatives, unfunded  construction priorities of the Active Guard and Reserve Forces, and  improved housing for our servicemembers and their families, which is so  important at a time when we are experiencing recruitment problems.   I am particularly pleased that this bill fully funds the Shipyard  Infrastructure Optimization Program, including the President's request  for $545 million for Drydock No. 1 at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard  located in Kittery, ME--an essential national security asset for our  submarine fleet.   This bill also keeps our commitment to our veterans by funding VA  medical care and veterans' benefits, including disability compensation  programs, education benefits and vocational rehabilitation, and  employment training.   Like Senator Murray, I, too, am the daughter of a World War II  veteran, and thus, our commitment to our veterans is very personal to  me. My father was a combat veteran in World War II who fought in the  Battle of the Bulge. He was wounded twice and earned two Purple Hearts  and a Bronze Star. It was he who taught me to honor our veterans.   I will never forget as a child his taking me to the Memorial Day  parade every year in our hometown of Caribou, ME. He would hoist me  high on his shoulders so that I could see the veterans march by and  salute our flag.   I will never forget those lessons, and they are the reason I care so  deeply about the service of our veterans.   I want to commend Chair Murray and Ranking Member Boozman for their  great work on this bill, and I know they will describe its provisions  in more detail. In fact, Senator Murray, Chair Murray, already has.   The second bill in the package is the Agriculture appropriations  bill, which funds programs that support our farmers, ranchers, and  rural communities. Both the Presiding Officer and I, I think, represent  two of the most rural States in America. It also protects our Nation's  food and drug supply and ensures that low-income families have access  to critical Federal nutrition programs.   I am particularly pleased that despite this tight budget environment,  this bill provides increased funding for agriculture research to  support food security and sustainability and for FDA initiatives  focused on drug and device shortages, food safety, and critical  research focused on neuroscience and ALS. I commend Chairman Heinrich  and Ranking Member Hoeven for putting together such a strong bill.   Finally, the third bill in the package provides essential funding for  the Departments of Transportation and Housing and Urban Development and  related Agencies.   Both Chair Murray and I have a soft spot in our hearts for this bill  because each of us spent many years as either the chair or the ranking  member of the THUD Subcommittee.   It supports the RAISE grant transportation program and the Bridge  Formula Program that help address our Nation's deteriorating  infrastructure.   It invests in the FAA, supporting the addition of 1,800 air traffic  controllers. We have a huge shortage in Bangor, ME. I heard from the  air traffic controllers about how terribly understaffed they are. And  the bill would modernize outdated systems, such as the Notice to Air  Missions System that went offline earlier this year, shutting down the  Nation's airspace for several hours.   I am especially pleased that this bill contains support for shoreside  infrastructure improvements at our Nation's State maritime academies-- including Maine Maritime Academy--that are necessary for docking the  newly constructed national security multimission vessels that are also  the training ships for the maritime academies.    At a time when virtually every State faces an affordable housing  shortage, this bill also maintains existing rental assistance for more  than 4.6 million households and continues to make meaningful  investments aimed at tackling the persistent and growing problem of  homelessness, especially among our Nation's veterans and youth. I thank  Chair Schatz and Ranking Member Hyde-Smith for their tremendous efforts  on this bill.   I also want to mention that both Senators from Hawaii--and Senator  Schatz again today--have talked to all of us about the tragic loss of  life, the devastation that the recent wildfires have caused in their  beloved home State. I note that the Presiding Officer, representing the  State of Vermont, also has had a need for disaster assistance, as have  the State of Maine and so many other States. We need to support the  people of States that have been hit by these devastating disasters in  their time of need.   Let me conclude my opening remarks by expressing my heartfelt  gratitude to all of our committee members--particularly our  subcommittee chairs and ranking members--for their extraordinary work  in getting us to this point. Again, I especially want to commend Chair  Murray for her leadership and commitment.   I look forward to a productive floor debate as we move forward, and I  ask my colleagues for their support. The choice before the Senate is  clear: Do we want to pass, with amendments, carefully considered  funding bills or do we want to default to either an omnibus bill many  thousands of pages long and with very little transparency or, worse, a  yearlong resolution that funds programs that are no longer needed,  prevents new programs from starting up, wastes taxpayer dollars, and is  subject to indiscriminate cuts due to the provisions of the Fiscal  Responsibility Act? The choice is very clear. The Senate should proceed  to debate, consider amendments, and pass the appropriations bills.   I yield the floor.   