 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment.   My amendment is simple. It would prevent taxpayer funds from paying  for State Department employees to travel to or attend events hosted by  the Clinton Global Initiative.   The rationale is quite simple. The Clinton Global Initiative has  engaged in blatant corruption and influence peddling that would make  even Hunter Biden blush.   In perhaps its most famous episode in 2014, Hillary Clinton  approached the Moroccan Government about hosting a Clinton Global  Initiative conference in Morocco. The Moroccans fronted the money for  the event by funneling it through a state-owned enterprise that was  extracting and exploiting phosphates from a non-self-governing  territory: Western Sahara.   This sleight of hand amounted to condoning Morocco's sovereignty over  this disputed land.   You heard that right. It was a cash-for-sovereignty deal, formulated  just as former Secretary of State Clinton began her run for President  of the free world.   This deal was so rotten that even Huffington Post deemed FOX News'  investigation into this matter, ``a brutal, clean hit on Hillary  Clinton's campaign.''   Indeed, the Clinton Global Initiative's scandals are myriad and  include an episode uncovered by The New York Times revealing  undisclosed donations linked to the sale of U.S. uranium production to  a Russian Government agency.   As expected, the Clinton Global Initiative was unable to withstand  the scrutiny and shuttered shortly after  [[Page H4789]]  the 2016 campaign. That is, until late last year when the organization  reconstituted itself. Its operations are no longer dark, and this is  the first State and Foreign Operations appropriations bill considered  since its resurrection.   It has since morphed into a factory of radical elitist woke schemes.   Just last week, the Clinton Global Initiative convened in New York to  discuss how to reshape our economy to tackle the left's pet projects  that will make life for ordinary Americans more expensive and worse.   Given the State Department's enmeshment with the Clintons and the  Initiative, we need to send a clear message:   No more coordination with the U.S. Government.   No more conferences with corrupt governments at the expense of the  oppressed peoples of the globe.   No more representation and participation by the State Department--an  end to its commingling with official policy.   And hopefully, the beginning of the end of this corrupt  organization's influence on U.S. policymaking.   Mr. Chair, Americans simply can't afford more radical policies  purveyed by an organization that allowed the global elite to buy and  influence American foreign policy. Join me in condemning the Clinton  Global Initiative's misconduct.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I see that my colleague has not refuted any  of the things that I have said about the Clinton Global Initiative.   Why in the world, again, would we ask American taxpayers to pay for  people from the State Department to attend these conferences when they  are likely not to gain anything positive from them and support a  corrupt organization?   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining.    Mr. Chair, we have a terrific debt on our hands in this  country. We don't need to be spending any money that is not absolutely  necessary to spend.   Curbing attendance at meetings such as the Clinton Global Initiative  is a good way for us to chip away at that debt and to save the American  taxpayers some money.   I think this is an excellent amendment. I believe that my colleagues  will see that it is an excellent amendment, and I will continue to  advocate for its passage.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the opportunity to offer this  amendment. I believe, again, that it is good for us to highlight this  organization and the fact that we do not need people from the State  Department attending its meetings.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   