 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Grijalva for yielding  time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1450, the  Treating Tribes and Counties as Good Neighbors Act.   This bill is critical for districts like mine. Why? This bill gives  back the flexibility that is critical to counties and Tribes, who  understand that wildfires and natural disasters do not discriminate  between Federal and non-Federal lands, and ensures that we use all of  the tools at our disposal to mitigate the effects of wildfire and  maintain healthy forests.   In the 2018 farm bill, Congress expanded Good Neighbor Authority to  make Tribes and counties eligible to enter into Good Neighbor  agreements. However, Tribes and counties were not afforded the same  authority as States to retain the receipts from these GNA project  revenues to reinvest in conservation. This fundamentally reduced the  ability to engage and partner on critical management projects like  wildfire mitigation, invasive species management, and habitat  maintenance.   Additionally, the 2018 farm bill removed the ability to carry out  restoration services that were agreed to under the Good Neighbor  Agreements to take place off of Federal lands. You can literally get  out in the woods, and you can see the boundaries and political  boundaries between the treated land and untreated land that has  resulted.   As a result, adjacent Tribal and county land that is essential to the  health of national forests can no longer be restored as comprehensive  landscapes.   Rural, timber-based Skamania County, my home county, is leading  innovation with Good Neighbor Authority by hiring foresters with these  funds to advance timber harvests for forest health, fire management,  and invasive species management, all mounting issues in the Gifford  Pinchot National Forest that have not been addressed for decades.   Skamania County was the first to build a relationship with the State  Department of Natural Resources to determine how this Good Neighbor  Authority could help the forest health conditions of the national  forests, which make up 80 percent of Skamania County.   This partnership between the Forest Service, the State agency, and  Skamania County has been hugely successful. The additional flexibility  provided by this bill is a commonsense fix to a program that has been  proven to be highly successful.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I  thank Congressman Fulcher for his leadership  [[Page H4253]]  on this bill. I thank Chairman Westerman and Ranking Member Grijalva,  as well as Chairman Thompson and Ranking Member Scott, for their  support of this critical legislation.   