 Mr. President, shortly, the Senate will consider the  debt ceiling package that passed the House last night by a strong vote.   I commend the Speaker for his hard work and his negotiations to  prevent what would be a disastrous default, with catastrophic  consequences for our economy, for the people who rely on important  government programs, and for America's standing in the world.  Nevertheless, there are two issues in this package that are very  problematic.   The first, as you have heard from my colleagues, is the completely  inadequate top-line number for our national defense.   The second is a harmful provision that would go into effect if any 1  of the 12 appropriations bills has not been signed into law. It would  trigger an automatic, meat-ax, indiscriminate, across-the-board cut in  our already inadequate defense budget and in the domestic discretionary  nondefense funding. This would happen automatically if, in fact, all 12  appropriations bills have not been passed.   Now let me address both of those issues and offer to my colleagues  what I believe are solutions.   The first is the inadequacy of the defense budget. As my colleagues  have very well described, the defense budget submitted by President  Biden and included as the top line in this package is insufficient to  the task of fully implementing the national defense strategy at a time  when we face serious and growing threats around the world.   As my friends and colleagues from South Carolina and Alaska and  others have already described, this budget request would actually  shrink the size of our Navy. We would end up with a fleet of 291 ships.  Those are 6 ships fewer than today's fleet of 297 ships, and it is  further--further--away from the Chief of Naval Operations' requirement,  which is informed by scenarios involving China, for example. Meanwhile,  what is China doing? China has the largest navy in the world now, and  it is growing to 400 ships in the next 2 years.   The story is very similar if you look at the Air Force's tactical  aircraft. So we have a real problem.   Let me give you another example. It is an example that all of us can  relate to who fill our cars with gas or seek to heat our homes.   This budget request falls woefully short in funding the fuel costs of  our military. The Government Accountability Office says the DOD's fuel  costs are likely to be 20 percent higher than the amount of money that  is included in the President's budget.   I asked the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Milley,  what the result would be, and he says it very clearly: It would  translate into 20 percent fewer flying hours and steaming days, which  would harm our military's training and readiness. So that is a very  concrete area where the President's budget is clearly not going to be  adequate.   Second is the harmful provision with the automatic 1 percent cut  across the board. Think about this, if you are the Secretary of  Defense. Let's say the Department of Defense appropriations bill is  signed into law before the start of the fiscal year in October, as I  hope that it will be, and I am working hard. It doesn't matter. Let's  say the leg branch appropriations bill isn't signed into law by January  1 of next year. An order goes out that has to be implemented by April  30 which would cut every account across the board by 1 percent. How  does that make sense? Think how harmful that would be. How in the world  is the military going to enter into contracts if it doesn't know what  its budget is going to be, despite the fact that its appropriations  bill has been signed into law, but because of this threat hanging over  the Department.   So what do we do? I don't want to see our country default for the  first time in history. I do believe that would have catastrophic  consequences. But we need to fix these problems.   The first problem of an inadequate defense budget could be addressed  and remedied by having an emergency defense supplemental. That is what  we need to do. That is what I would ask the administration and my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle to commit to because we know  that this budget is not adequate to the global threats that we face.   We know that it does nothing to deter Russian aggression in Ukraine.  We know that it is not adequate to the challenge that we face from  China. An emergency supplemental must be coming our way to remedy the  first problem.   What should we do about the second problem, the threat of this 1  percent indiscriminate meat ax cut across the board? We need to pass  each and every one of the 12 appropriations bills on time before the  start of the fiscal year. In order to do that, I am working very hard  with the chair of the committee, Senator Murray. But we need a  commitment from the Senate majority leader that he will provide us with  floor time. We will do our utmost to get every single one of the 12  appropriations bills marked up and reported out of the Appropriations  Committee. But then I am asking the Senate majority leader to commit to  bringing each of those bills to the Senate floor, either singly or  individually or as minibuses, as we used to do, where we would pair a  couple of the bills together. But it is essential. I would implore the  Democratic leader to provide the commitment that he will bring each of  the appropriations bills to the Senate floor so that we can avoid the  threat of this indiscriminate, across-the-board cut.   I believe that is the path forward for us: an emergency defense  supplemental to make up for the woefully inadequate budget that has  been submitted by this administration for the Department of Defense for  our national security; and, second, to prevent the 1 percent cut from  ever being triggered, a commitment that all of the appropriations bills  will be brought on time to the Senate floor.   Then, it seems to me, we can proceed with this package and avoid a  catastrophic default for our country.   