 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose this rule. I will have more to say  tomorrow about the police accountability and transparency legislation  enacted by the District of Columbia's local legislature, but I want to  take this time to discuss democratic principles.   It is true that Congress has the constitutional authority to  legislate on our local D.C. matters, but it is false that Congress has  a constitutional duty, obligation, or responsibility to do so. Instead,  legislating on local D.C. matters is a choice.   I remind my Republican colleagues, who claim to revere the Founders,  what James Madison said in Federalist 43 about the residents of the  Federal District: ``A municipal legislature for local purposes, derived  from their own suffrages, will of course be allowed them.''   The Supreme Court has held that Congress may delegate ``full  legislative power'' on local D.C. matters.   D.C. disapproval resolutions are profoundly undemocratic and  paternalistic legislation.   D.C.'s local legislature, the D.C. Council, has 13 members. The  members are elected by D.C. residents. If D.C. residents do not like  how the members vote, they can vote them down. This is called  democracy.   Congress has 535 voting Members. The Members are elected by residents  of the States. None are elected by or accountable to D.C. residents. If  D.C. residents do not like how the Members vote--even on legislation  that applies only to D.C.--they cannot vote them out of office.   The Revolutionary War was fought to give consent to the governed and  to end taxation without representation. Yet nearly 700,000 D.C.  residents cannot consent to any action taken by Congress, whether on  national or local D.C. matters, while paying full Federal taxes.  Indeed, D.C. pays more Federal taxes per capita than any State and more  total Federal taxes than 23 States.   If the House cared about democratic principles or D.C. residents, it  would be voting on my statehood bill, the Washington, D.C., Admission  Act, instead. Congress has the constitutional authority to admit the  State of Washington, D.C. The House is choosing not to. It is a choice.   Mr. Speaker, I will close by saying to all Members of the House: Keep  your hands off of D.C.   