 Mr. President, today is a very good day for one of  Washington's most famous products; that is, Washington apples. And that  is because retaliatory tariffs that had been put on Washington apples  in India really impacted our growers across Washington State.   I want to thank Ambassador Tai, and I want to thank the Biden  administration--Secretary Raimondo especially--and I also want to thank  Ambassador Garcetti for making sure that, in the negotiations leading  up to today's visit by Prime Minister Modi and discussions between the  United States and India, removing these retaliatory tariffs on apples  was included on the list.   So, today, our growers know that they can go back to marketing a  great worldwide product, our Washington apples, that had access to what  at one point was a $120 million market. This retaliatory tariff being  removed will help boost sales to India. It will help  [[Page S2211]]  the bottom line of farmers in Washington State, and it will be  essential for the 1,400 growers that I have just recently visited along  with my colleague Senator Stabenow, in discussion of this year's farm  bill, to say these are important markets for Washington products.   We heard from people like Jorge Sanchez from Northern Fruit in East  Wenatchee that ``India was a critical market for the Washington apple  industry, and the tariffs have hit the producers of Red Delicious  apples especially hard.''   These growers are looking forward to an opportunity to rebuild this  market access. This deal also includes removing some of the tariffs on  chickpeas and lentils, also a great Washington product that suffered  under these retaliatory tariffs. India was a top export market for U.S.  chickpeas and lentils prior to the tariffs, and these important pulse  crops are a very great product to see into the Indian market.   At its peak, the pulse crop value was over $180 million. And they, in  the last year, with the retaliatory tariffs over the last 6 years, had  dwindled down to next to nothing. That is why it was so important to  speak directly to Prime Minister Modi, to ask him to consider more  trade with the United States, to open up these opportunities for us,  Washington and India, to work together and for the United States and  India to work together.   Trade and investments are an essential part of our relationship with  India. They are essential for all our allies and partners. And they  should be in tandem with growing our partnership on critical, leading- edge technologies. I know the discussions that will happen today at the  White House and in the future will be about marrying our technology  economies as well--very important work to be done in the post-CHIPS and  Science legislation that was passed--and working together on important  national security issues.   But today is also very good news because it shows that the  partnership between the United States and India can get us off of these  retaliatory tariffs, help our farmers grow new market opportunities,  and produce and sell our product in India, a very growing market for  our apples and lentils.   So I want to thank everybody involved again--President Biden,  Commerce Secretary Raimondo, Ambassador Tai, and Ambassador Garcetti-- for making this happen.   I look forward to hearing Prime Minister Modi's comments--and Foreign  Minister Jaishankar--for continuing to see the work that our two  countries are going to do together.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for the motion  to reconsider with respect to the treaty document No. 112-8, Tax  Convention with Chile, be considered made and laid upon the table and  that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   