 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following Senators be permitted to complete their remarks prior to the  scheduled recess: Senator Rosen, myself, Senator Klobuchar, and Senator  Smith.    Madam President, I join my colleagues today to  continue to speak out against the far-right Republicans' harmful and,  frankly, insulting resolution to prevent women veterans from accessing  essential healthcare in this country.   You know, our veterans stepped up to serve our country, putting their  lives on the line to protect our freedoms and keep our families safe.  We owe them a debt of gratitude. That is why I am working to ensure  that we protect veterans' rights to essential healthcare.   We trust these women to make critical decisions in the line of duty  to protect our national security; so why don't extremists on the right  trust them to make decisions about their own bodies?   The purpose of the VA is to protect veterans' health and life. Since  the Supreme Court struck down Roe v. Wade, my colleagues and I pushed  the administration, including the VA, to take action to protect women  veterans' access to abortion care across the country. At our urging,  the VA created a rule to provide abortion counseling to pregnant  veterans as well as abortion services in the limited cases of rape,  incest, or the life or health of the mother. This is critical for women  veterans, especially those who live in States with strict abortion bans  and no access to care in their communities.   But we knew that after the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade,  anti-choice policymakers wouldn't stop trying to take away a woman's  right to choose. And now they are going after the health and well-being  of women who have fought for our country. There are 550,000 women  veterans who get their healthcare through the VA. And 300,000 of those  women veterans are at a point in their lives at which they need  reproductive care. That is 300,000 women who have sacrificed for our  country and who, according to extremist Republicans, don't deserve to  make their own healthcare decisions. Some of these women veterans live  in States where they can access reproductive care outside the VA, but  over 155,000 of them live in States with harsh abortion restrictions on  the books.   Now, I am leading legislation to ensure our veterans--and all women-- maintain their right to travel to pro-choice States to get the care  they need. Unfortunately, for many of these women, the VA is their only  option for accessing abortion care. That is why the VA's new rule is so  critical to protecting veterans' health and why extremist Republican  attacks on reproductive care is so dangerous.   Women veterans put their lives on the line to fight for our freedom,  including control of our own bodies, our lives, and our futures; and  now the far right wants to take these freedoms away. We cannot let that  happen. We have to ensure that this resolution does not pass, because  we should be looking out and protecting the rights of women across this  country, not taking away their rights and freedoms.   I yield the floor.   