 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to strongly support the  nomination of Brandy McMillion, whom President Biden nominated to serve  as the U.S. district judge for the Eastern District of Michigan.   Ms. McMillion is an outstanding nominee with extensive experience in  both civil and criminal cases. She will be a great judge because she  has always been committed to the law and has the right values,  certainly.   From the time she was 6 years old, growing up in Ohio, Ms. McMillion  wanted to be a lawyer. It was her dream, and she never wavered from it.   Ms. McMillion was raised in Michigan since she was 12 years old. She  earned engineering degrees at the University of Michigan, and then she  earned her law degree from George Washington University Law School.   Ms. McMillion then worked in private practice, where she gained  significant experience in law and in labor and employment, intellectual  property, and financial services.   But she didn't stay away from her adopted State for long. Since 2015,  she has served as an assistant U.S. attorney in the U.S. Attorney's  Office for the Eastern District of Michigan, and, last year, she became  chief of the office's general crimes unit, where she prosecutes  offenses including bank robberies, gun crimes, and Federal crimes  against children.   So it is no surprise that the American Bar Association's Standing  Committee on the Federal Judiciary unanimously voted Ms. McMillion as  ``well qualified.''   When she is not at work, she spends a lot of time behind the wheel,  she says, driving her kids to all their sporting events and other  activities. ``Mom CEO'' is what she likes to say.   She is also active in her community. She is a very involved member of  Delta Sigma Theta Sorority. She also mentors moms through the  organization Warrior Women Against Poverty, which aims to change lives  one woman at a time. Ms. McMillion knows better than anyone how the  right support, at the right time, can change a woman's future.   The Senate, I hope, is going to strongly confirm Ms. McMillion to the  Federal bench. I know that she is someone who is thoughtful and  experienced. She will serve the Eastern District well. We thank  everyone for the vote yesterday--the cloture vote--to move her now to  her final vote, and I urge my colleagues to support this outstanding  nominee to be on the Federal bench.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   