 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome Miami's new  resident, and futbol legend, Lionel Messi. It is an honor to host a  world-class athlete in my district.   Messi signed onto Miami's soccer team, Inter Miami, which kicked off  its inaugural season in Major League Soccer 3 years ago. His presence  is already making an impact in my community. He brought home the first  win of the 2023 Leagues Cup with a free kick in the 94th minute of the  game.   Today, Messi is a household name, but he was born to humble  beginnings in Argentina. His father was a manager at a steel factory  and his mother worked in another factory.  [[Page H4129]]    He started playing futbol at the age of 4, coached by his father,  making his senior debut at 18 years old. He credits his dedication to  soccer to his beloved grandmother, Celia, and continues to honor her at  every game he plays.   Some of his many achievements include winning the World Cup and its  Player of the Tournament award in 2022, being named best FIFA player  three times, and winning the Champions League four times.   He has scored over 800 goals at club level and he scored the most  goals of any player in a calendar year with 79 of them.   Personally, Messi is a devout Catholic and lives his faith through  charitable works. He established the Leo Messi Foundation in 2007,  working to improve children's access to healthcare and education.   Inter Miami is blessed to have this elite player on their team, and  the significance of his presence extends beyond the field.   This extraordinary player is going to inspire children in my district  to work hard to achieve their dreams. He said, ``I start early and I  stay late, day after day, year after year. It took me 17 years and 114  days to become an overnight success.''   The lesson he is conveying is that you can pray for a house, but  sometimes God gives you a hammer, lumber, nails, and talent. Don't be  fooled into thinking that he did not answer you, you have to put in the  hard work.   Every person has the opportunity to succeed if they are dedicated to  accomplishing their goals, especially in this country, the United  States of America.   Mr. Speaker, I welcome Messi to Miami, and may his hard work be an  inspiration to everyone who has a dream for their life. God bless him,  his wife, and his three sons as they begin a new life in Miami, which  is part of the 27th Congressional District, the best district in the  United States.   