 Madam President, we just heard from the Senator of  North Dakota talking about the imperative of ensuring that our borders  are secure, particularly at the southern border.   We had an opportunity yesterday in the Senate Appropriations  Committee to hear from Secretary Austin and Secretary Blinken about the  administration's supplemental funding request. If there were one common  thread there that was underscored over and over, it was the dire need-- the immediate need--of support for our allies, our allies who are  locked, really, in two existential wars that threaten both their  sovereignties and their people. So the support for Israel and the  support for Ukraine, in my view, is one that I shared with the two  Secretaries: that they are inextricably linked and our support for both  must be inextricably linked.   We have all watched with horror as Hamas has unleashed this terrorist  attack on civilians, killing more than 1,400 Israelites and taking at  least 240 Israelites hostage; then in Ukraine, with Russia's brutal  invasion of Ukraine homeland killing over 70,000 Ukrainians in just a  hellbent mission to reclaim their old Soviet territory.   It is times like this when I think we look to the role that the  United States should be playing. We are not--no, we are not--the police  force for the world. We are not there to fight the wars for others. But  when the world is watching democracy face direct assaults from  terrorists and from authoritarian regimes, this is the time that the  United States must be leading from the front. We have a responsibility  to our allies, and we have a responsibility to the world at large,  whether that is providing humanitarian aid, promoting stability, or  lending support through the most powerful military in the world.   This is the United States. These are responsibilities that, I think,  are significant, and, again, others from around the world look to us  for that leadership.   Now, there are some who would suggest that we have supported Ukraine  enough; that we should move and direct our attention only to our own  borders; that the situation in Israel is such that we should focus  exclusively there. As we heard yesterday in the Appropriations hearing,  we do not have the luxury of dealing with one crisis at a time. That  would certainly make things easier, but we do not have that.   So to those who would suggest that we must abandon our allies in  their most desperate hour, I would remind them that this defense  spending comes right back to the United States through our own defense  industrial base, providing an opportunity to refresh outdated war- readiness items, making the United States stronger in return as well as  providing jobs to Americans. So this is not just about providing aid to  others outside our borders. This is also helping to strengthen us.   There was a comment that I had read: The United States can lead  through the power of example; but in order to be most effective, we  need the example of our power.   It is that industrial base that we know we have work to do there.   Then, to those who say we need to be looking at home--again, as the  Senator from North Dakota mentioned--we do. We must pay attention to  those who are coming across our border illegally, those who would  threaten us from within. We cannot ever, ever lose sight of that  obligation and the responsibility; but I think it is important to  recognize that this supplemental request does include support for our  Department of Homeland Security to strengthen our border. It also  provides over $1 billion toward combating fentanyl--just the  devastating drug that has taken the lives of far, far, far too many  Americans. So that also must be part of this.   What we are talking about with this supplemental is, effectively,  four legs of a chair. Think about what makes  [[Page S5279]]  that chair that you are sitting in stable. You have got four pillars  here. One essential imperative: We must be there to support our friends  in Israel. We must be there. An imperative is to continue our support  for Ukraine. We must address our southern border--an absolute  imperative. Then that fourth underpinning that provides for that  greater stability is the threat from the Indo-Pacific.   So I think we know that, within the contours of this package that the  President has sent to us, there is room to move things around; there is  room to subtract or add. But I think it is these four fundamental  pillars here that are so inextricably linked that we cannot lose sight  of what it means and what our role here in the United States is.   The violence that we see may be across the globe, but the eyes of the  world are squarely on us. Our enemies are probing. They are waiting for  our response. They want to see what the United States is capable of.  Can they only do one thing at a time? Can they only do one thing? And,  if they can only do one thing, who are they going to choose? Are they  going to be there for their allies in words only or, when things get  hot over here, are they going to walk away over there? We have seen how  that failure in Afghanistan has reverberated around the world and what  it has meant to our friends and allies.   I would suggest that this supplemental package is measured, and it is  necessary as a strategic response. I will tell you, our opponents are  praying that we fail to take this up--as, again, that balance. So we  will and we should discuss and debate the contours within, but I would  hope that we would stand together and unite on a package that is good,  that is solid, and that is stable for our country and for our friends  and allies.   With that, I yield the floor.   