 Mr. Speaker, Americans across the country sent a resounding  message at the ballot box. They support the right to access abortion  and for people to have the basic freedom to make decisions about their  own bodies with medical professionals and without the interference of  extremist politicians. In every State where abortion was on the ballot,  the American people called for freedom and bodily autonomy.   Now, House Democrats' first action of the 118th Congress is to answer  that call. If we defeat the previous question today, the House will  take up my bill, the Women's Health Protection Act, which will  guarantee abortion rights for everyone in every State.   In the wake of the extremist Supreme Court's devastating decision  last summer in Dobbs, Congress must stand up for the rights of every  person to be able to make decisions about their own bodies and their  own futures.   House Democrats trust people, not politicians, to make decisions  about their health and lives.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in defeating the  previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill. It is  telling that the very first bill that the new Republican majority  brought to the floor aims to protect wealthy tax cheats from following  the law.   For a decade, Republicans succeeded in stripping the IRS of the  resources it needs to serve the American people, and the result has  been frustrating and harmful to workers and families, but it is  certainly fantastic for wealthy tax cheats who unfairly kept up to $1  trillion from the IRS every year.   Congressional Democrats reversed this trend when we passed the  Inflation Reduction Act. Now, the IRS will finally have the resources  it needs to properly audit wealthy taxpayers and corporations with  complex returns and ensure that average Americans don't have to wait  hours on the phone to fix problems.   Americans deserve an IRS that fulfills its most basic duty to ensure  all taxpayers and corporations follow the law and pay their fair share  in taxes.   Vote ``no'' on this bill.   