 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Cole and Ranking Member  Quigley for their work on this bill. I also thank the majority and  minority staff, particularly Christina Monroe, Nora Faye, and Jackie  Kilroy, for all of their hard work.   Americans deserve the safest, most advanced systems in the world,  across all forms of transportation. Yet, we have seen our  transportation systems fail to meet the needs of the American people.   Between air-traffic control interruptions, catastrophic train  derailments, highways collapsing, and record pedestrian fatalities, we  should be increasing investments to strengthen our transportation  systems and to keep people safe, not retreating from our transportation  future.   Furthermore, every community is affected by the lack of affordable  housing. There is a shortage of 7.3 million affordable homes  nationwide. Yet, this bill fails to meet the housing needs of a growing  and aging population.   This bill will make everything from commuting to shipping goods  slower, more difficult, and more expensive for Americans. This bill  guts rail investments, including a 64 percent reduction for Amtrak,  resulting in service eliminations, delays to station improvements, and  furloughs to its workforce, which will impact 20 million riders.   The brunt of this cut is borne by the Northeast Corridor--from $1.3  billion to $99 million, or a 92 percent cut. Northeast Corridor rail  service is the lifeblood of the $5.8 trillion economic region that  spans 12 States from Virginia to Maine. Business travelers and  commuters, myself included, rely on this service to make our economy  grow. Thousands across the region are employed directly or indirectly  by rail service and the commerce that it drives.   We are not just talking about how people get to and from New York  City or how we get to Washington, D.C. There are 7 million jobs within  a 5-mile radius of a Northeast Corridor station. Communities of every  size line the route, from rural towns to suburbs to urban destinations,  and those communities rely heavily on rail travel for connectivity and  commerce.   This includes communities like Aberdeen, Maryland, and Roanoke and  Lynchburg, Virginia, that have stops on the Northeast Regional service.  Communities like Connellsville and Greensburg, Pennsylvania, which are  connected to the Northeast Corridor by intercity routes would also see  drastic cuts.   Even beyond the Northeast, at these proposed levels, Amtrak  anticipates nearly all long-distance and State-supported services would  be impacted on national network routes.   Services would be at risk across the country: the Heartland Flyer in  Oklahoma, the Silver Service to south Florida, the Texas Eagle from  Chicago to Arkansas and Texas, and the Empire Builder from Chicago to  Montana to the Pacific Northwest.   Thirteen of our colleagues in the majority supported the bipartisan  infrastructure law, and even if they did not, they have not missed the  ribbon cuttings. Yet, that law was never intended to replace annual  appropriations. We cannot make that law's historic investments while  gutting the annual appropriations that close the funding gap on complex  and costly projects.   In parallel, we are setting our transportation infrastructure back  decades. The majority sets investments in housing back, as well. This  bill fails to protect housing for seniors, veterans, people with  disabilities, and working families, and it fails to improve the safety  of those in low-income housing.    Gutting the HOME program, the sole Federal program dedicated to  affordable housing construction, by 67 percent will further squeeze the  housing supply. This would result in nearly 17,000 fewer affordable  homes built or rehabilitated this year and rental assistance for 5,000  fewer people.   The bill puts children and families at risk by cutting $564 million  for health hazard remediations in low-income housing, including lead- based paint hazards, jeopardizing the safety of our most vulnerable  populations.   In Flint, Michigan, thousands of children were exposed to lead- poisoned water for more than a year as a direct result of chronic  underfunding of the EPA and overreliance on State management of Federal  environmental law. We cannot repeat these costly mistakes.   To be clear, there is no amount of safe lead exposure. In children  exposed to lead, you can expect to see delayed or stunted growth,  learning difficulties, behavioral problems, and hearing and speech  deficiencies. Failing to adequately address this issue will have dire  long-term effects on our children's health and our Nation's future. Our  children deserve better.   We must be honest about why we have a Fair Housing Act to begin with.  The U.S. Government was an active  [[Page H5423]]  participant in creating the racial segregation we still see today.  Black majority neighborhoods were bulldozed to create urban freeways.  Racial covenants, redlining, and restrictive zoning were not just the  norm; they were frequently required by Federal housing programs.   It took the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., and President  Lyndon B. Johnson's urging to push this body to pass the Civil Rights  Act of which the Fair Housing Act was included as title VIII. Mr.  Chair, 161 Republicans and 166 Democrats voted for this landmark  legislation because members of both parties understood the deep-rooted  problems in this country and decided to meet that challenge. I worry  that we no longer have two parties that are willing to meet today's  challenges.   This bill would cripple our economy and eliminate thousands of jobs,  and I must underscore that this is no messaging bill. I am taking  Republicans at their word, as should all the American people. This is  where they plan to take this country.   I must address the unforgivable manner in which community project  funds were handled in the markup of this bill. Out of thousands of  projects that adhered to published criteria, the majority cut funding  for three solely because of their association with LGBTQ+ causes. This  is truly despicable, and it sends the message that some of the American  people are not worthy of humanity or dignity because of who they love.   With unthinkable cuts to transportation and housing and indefensible  riders, I must vote against this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do  the same. It will take bipartisan, bicameral support to get the 2024  Transportation-Housing bill signed into law.   Mr. Chair, I implore my colleagues on the other side of the aisle:  End this partisan charade and join Democrats at the negotiating table.   