 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer my straightforward  amendment that prohibits funds within this act from being used in  violation of Federal immigration law for sanctuary city policies.   The concept of sanctuary city policies directly violate the rule of  law. Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution  gives Congress clear jurisdiction on immigration matters. A nation of  laws must enforce established laws and not seek ways to circumvent  them. These sanctuary cities are disregarding Federal statutes by  harboring thousands of illegal immigrants and providing a safe haven  for violent criminals.   My amendment prohibits the use of funds that are appropriated by this  act from being used in contravention of section 642(a) of the Illegal  Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996.   This Federal law prohibits sanctuary policies that obstruct law  enforcement officials from sharing information regarding a person's  immigration status within the Immigration and Naturalization Service.   More than 200 State and municipal jurisdictions across the country  have established policies that directly violate the law and shield  criminal illegal aliens from enforcement.   There is a complete and total invasion taking place at our southern  border due to the Biden administration and the left's radical open  border agenda.   Since Biden has taken office, Border Patrol has encountered more than  6.3 million illegal aliens who have illegally entered America, released  nearly 2.9 illegal aliens into our communities, and let more than 1.7  million known got-aways evade Border Patrol and enter the country with  no record or knowledge of who these people are.   The number of illegal aliens who have entered the interior of the  United States under the Biden administration now is greater than the  population of at least 22 States, as well as Washington, D.C.   It is not just illegal immigrants coming across the southern border,  but enough fentanyl to kill every American 15 times over. This drug,  mostly imported from China and continuously smuggled through our  southern border, is killing children and destroying families throughout  the country.   Equally concerning is that in the last fiscal year alone, the FBI  stopped more than 172 illegals on the terrorist watch list. Our porous  southern border is literally a major national security risk.   These open borders and sanctuary city policies are destroying  America. Cities like Chicago, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, and New  York have continued to beg the Federal Government for more money to  handle the unprecedented influx of illegal aliens rather than changing  their illegal alien policies that have exacerbated the problem.   Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and the committee for their work on  this bill. I respectfully ask that my colleagues join me in support of  the rule of law by voting in favor of my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    It is not my time.    I have reserved. You are free to speak.    Sure. Ask your question.    I am sorry. I couldn't hear the gentleman. I was getting  clarification.   This is precautionary.    There are sanctuary city policies that are in place that  are allowing the refuge of illegal aliens into these cities, and there  is an influx in crime and drugs into these cities.    There is no way for these folks to even report what is  taking place because they are protected under this fake policy that has  been created that is subduing the actual rule of law that we have in  the Constitution of the United States.    That is precautionary.    I have seen this administration use all sorts of funds  to protect illegal aliens, and this is precautionary to ensure that it  will not be used.    Mr. Chairman, I want to state one more time that the  White House has had a reputation of spending funds to protect illegal  aliens who have broken our Nation's laws to illegally enter our  country. I want to make very clear in this financial services bill that  these funds cannot be allocated in that way.   If we don't put the cuffs on this administration somewhere, they will  continue to go rogue and waste the taxpayer dollars that are being  brought in by the hardworking Americans to fund these services for  illegal aliens and to protect them in these sanctuary cities.   I am putting the handcuffs on the Biden administration with this  commonsense amendment. If the gentleman, as I said, agrees that there  are no funds, then there should be no problem to say we cannot allocate  funds to protect these sanctuary cities and these illegal aliens.   Mr. Chair, I have spoken my piece on this amendment. I am prepared to  close, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my amendment to the  Financial Services and General Government Appropriation Act for fiscal  year 2024 to prohibit performance awards or bonuses for Senior  Executive Service employees at the IRS.   Joe Biden has weaponized the Internal Revenue Service against the  American people. He started off with a Big Brother proposal directing  the IRS to snoop on the American people's bank accounts to monitor  transactions of $600 or more. He then spent $80 billion to build an  army of 87,000 armed IRS agents to target middle- and low-income  families and small businesses with a flood of audits and draconian  enforcement activities.   It is clear the IRS has long lost its touch with its mission, which  is to serve taxpayers. American families don't need more audits and red  tape. My amendment helps return the IRS to its original mission and  ensure hardworking taxpayers receive satisfactory customer service  without having to fear a supercharged IRS.   We need to protect the taxpayers, rein in an unaccountable Federal  agency, and reverse course from this dangerous path of growing  bureaucracy and heavy-handed Federal Government.   I have a message to all of my colleagues here today: If you  disapprove of the IRS leaking tax information about the President's  political opponents, then support my amendment.   If you disapprove of the IRS targeting conservative groups for their  political beliefs, then support my amendment.   If you disapprove of the IRS ignoring congressional subpoenas, then  support my amendment.   If you disapprove of this agency stonewalling Congress, destroying  evidence, and lying to the American people, then support my amendment.   Finally, if you disapprove of IRS senior executives receiving bonuses  for their work, then support my amendment.   Again, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their continued  work on the committee.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have never been more thrilled to be a part  of the Republican Party. I would much rather stand with the American  people than stand in this Chamber and defend 87,000 armed IRS agents.   I have seen the recruiting requirements that say you must carry a  firearm and be prepared to use deadly force. This amendment is  straightforward, saying we don't want to give more money to IRS agents.  We do not want to give bonuses to IRS agents who target conservative  groups, who release tax information about the President's political  opponents, or who ignore congressional subpoenas.   We have had IRS whistleblowers before the Oversight Committee who  said that they were told that they must protect Joe Biden's son. That  is why they became whistleblowers. They said enough is enough. We are  here for justice. We want what is fair. We are not supporting a  particular party. They saw the rot within the IRS and came forward.   I am proud to stand with the American people and say that we should  not issue bonuses to IRS agents.   Taxation is theft, and arming 87,000 IRS agents to go after the  hardworking middle class is just flatout armed robbery.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   