 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Takano for his  partnership and his efforts to bring this important bill for our  Nation's disabled and aging veterans and their caregivers to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, Representative Bergman's  and my bill, H.R. 542, the Elizabeth Dole Home Care Act.   I am so proud to have authored this legislation, which delivers the  largest set of reforms to the VA's long-term care programs in decades.  The bill will significantly expand access to the programs disabled and  aging veterans need to live their lives at home and with their  families.   Specifically, the bill requires the Department of Veterans Affairs to  provide access to all home- and community-based services, such as home  health aides, home-based primary care, home skilled nursing, and  respite care for caregivers to all veterans who need them. Currently,  elderly and disabled veterans only have access to these programs if  their VA medical centers choose to offer them.   My bill would also require VA to improve care coordination between  the Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers and VA's  other home-based programs. If a veteran does not meet the enrollment  criteria for the comprehensive caregiver program, VA would be required  to proactively assist the veteran and their caregiver in enrolling in  other home-based programs and ensure there is a warm handoff for those  who do not qualify for the comprehensive caregiver program.   Finally, my legislation would require VA to establish a public-facing  website that will enable veterans and their loved ones to assess their  eligibility for each of the home- and community-based services VA  offers and provide information about how to access these services.   I have served on the Veterans' Affairs Committee since my first term  in Congress, and over the last 10 years, I have participated in at  least five oversight hearings related to improving long-term care for  our veterans. I have also spoken with countless veterans and their  loved ones, and based on my experience, one thing is very clear: Almost  every veteran would prefer to age at home rather than in a facility.  However, for many veterans, doing so requires certain clinical support  that can be prohibitively expensive if not covered by the VA. This bill  would help address just that.   Furthermore, it is important to really underscore this point: Home-  and community-based care is far and away higher quality and cheaper to  provide than institutional care. VA's veteran-directed care program can  serve three veterans for every one who would be in institutionalized  care at VA's expense. It is important to note that veterans who  participate in this program are less likely to develop complications or  to be hospitalized than those who do not.   Yet, this program is currently not made available to all veterans.  The Elizabeth Dole Home Care Act changes that.    Passage of this legislation cannot wait any longer. Like so many  families across the country, thousands of elderly and catastrophically  disabled veterans and their families are having critical and often  difficult conversations about their long-term care. They question  whether they spend their lifesavings to keep their veterans at home or  whether it is safer to go to a VA-funded nursing facility.   H.R. 542 would help relieve this heartache and give families access  to programs that will help veterans stay in their homes and receive the  care they need, the care that they have earned, and the care that they  deserve.   I will repeat one more time that, most importantly, health outcomes  prove to be far better at home compared to institutionalized care.   Last week, 45 veterans service organizations, military service  organizations, and community-based organizations sent a letter to House  and Senate leadership, urging the swift passage of this bill and saying  that, as the ranking member said, disabled veterans and their families  cannot wait any longer. I could not agree more.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to try to put a face to the experiences  that so many disabled or aging veterans often go through and why this  bill is so necessary.   This bill is for the 40-year-old veteran who is quadriplegic and who  may have to move into institutionalized care because VA won't provide  the skilled nursing services that would help him remain at home.   This bill is for the 50-year-old veteran with ALS who has three small  children and wants to spend the remaining time he has with them at  home. He shouldn't be forced to move into a long-term care facility  because the cost of his care has gone over an arbitrary spending cap.   This bill is for the Vietnam-era amputee who needs help getting  dressed and preparing food but can otherwise live safely at home. He  should not have to wait for Congress to act to get the care and  assistance he needs.   Moreover, this bill is for the Korean war veteran whose aging spouse  can no longer provide the level of care she once did. They want to stay  at home together. It is unconscionable this Congress would make them  wait a moment longer. They need these services and support, and they  need it now.   I am, therefore, perplexed that when the majority brought H.R. 542 to  the House floor, they chose to bring a version of the legislation that  did not include the minor revisions that had been negotiated with our  Senate counterparts. This means future House action will be warranted,  which is truly inexcusable to me and the veterans, their families, and  their caregivers who are waiting on passage of this bill. We had the  opportunity to get this done before the end of the year, send it to the  Senate, and then to the President's desk for enactment.   When Representative Bergman and I first introduced this legislation,  we named it after Senator Elizabeth Dole. She has done more for aging  and disabled veterans and their caregivers in one lifetime than most of  us could hope to do in several.   It was introduced in February 2022, just a few months after the  veteran she cared for, Senator Bob Dole, passed away. Tomorrow, we will  mark the second anniversary of Senator Bob Dole's passing. It is a  shame that we could not honor Senator Elizabeth Dole's example and  life's work on this anniversary by sending a hotline-ready bill to the  Senate that the President could sign before Christmas. It is shameful,  and it is disrespectful, really, to play politics with a bill the  veteran community wants so badly and a bill that is more cost- effective, provides better outcomes, and is what our Nation's veterans  need and want.   I hope we will soon be voting on the final passage of the bill  language that the House and Senate have already agreed to and that  veterans and their families so desperately need. All of us will, one  day, have conversations about what we want our last years to look like.  Our aging and disabled veterans have more than earned the right to have  the option of living out these final years at home.   Of all the things we owe these men and women, a peaceful and  dignified  [[Page H6103]]  life after their service to our country is the least we can do. I call  on my colleagues to do right by these veterans. Put politics aside,  keep families together, and keep veterans healthy and at home.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for the  Elizabeth Dole Home Care Act, and I thank Ranking Member Takano and  Representative Bergman for their work on this bill.   