 Mr. President, I rise today because I, like the majority  of Americans, am increasingly concerned about the legitimacy crisis at  the U.S. Supreme Court.   The Court consists of nine members who have lifetime appointments and  can make decisions regarding the quality of the air we breathe; the  exercise of free speech on the internet; the autonomy and control of  our bodies; protection of our homes, cars, and cell phones from  government intrusion. These are just a few ways the Supreme Court's  decisions impact the lives of every single American every single day.   These individuals with immense power, shouldn't they be held to the  highest level of ethical accountability--not because we disagree with  some of the Court's decisions but because its legitimacy depends on  Americans having faith that those decisions are arrived at fairly and  objectively, not influenced by money or special interests. Yet, instead  of having the strongest ethical rules--or any binding ethical rules,  for that matter--the Supreme Court purports to follow a ``collection of  principles'' that are both nonbinding and weaker than the rules for  government workers, for Members of Congress, and for many private  sector employees.  [[Page S5395]]    As we have seen, the Supreme Court's honor system for financial  disclosures and recusals is woefully inadequate. This is not a partisan  issue. Justices appointed by both Democrat and Republican Presidents  have had ethical lapses.   The public is paying attention, and now it appears there are sitting  Justices approved by both Democratic and Republican Presidents who are  publicly supporting an official code of conduct for the Supreme Court.   The Supreme Court could have adopted such a code decades ago and  could do so today if it wanted to; however, if the Supreme Court will  not adopt a code of conduct for itself, then Congress has the  constitutional power and responsibility to impose a code of conduct on  it.   This brings me to the topic of subpoenas. For months, my colleagues  and I on the Judiciary Committee have worked in good faith to gather  information about gifts of luxury travel and other gifts made to  certain Justices to understand whether ethical violations occurred and  how and when. We sought information from the millionaires and  billionaires who made those gifts about the kinds of access they may  have gained as a result.   Despite lengthy negotiations, we have hit an impasse in our efforts  with two of these individuals and their related corporations. Their  refusal to provide the committee with relevant information leaves us no  choice but to authorize subpoenas. We need information from these  individuals to understand the extent to which Supreme Court Justices  have failed to disclose gifts from parties with interests before the  Court.   Congress has a responsibility to craft and strengthen effective,  comprehensive Supreme Court ethics legislation going forward.   Some of my Republican colleagues say that issuing subpoenas to people  who paid for luxury travel and gifts for Supreme Court Justices somehow  undermines democracy. Those claims are preposterous. What undermines  our democracy is Justices accepting gifts and appearing to use their  office for personal gain.   If the Court had done the right thing decades ago and adopted a  comprehensive code of conduct, we likely would not be issuing  subpoenas.   We have a responsibility to ensure that the highest Court in the land  adheres to at least--at least--the same ethical standards that apply to  the other two branches of government and to pass appropriate  legislation if it has failed to do so. Therefore, the committee should  continue to exercise its constitutional oversight authority and  authorize subpoenas.   I yield to Senator Welch.   