 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 2839, which would amend  the Siletz Reservation Act to address the hunting, fishing, trapping,  and animal gathering rights of the Confederated Tribes of the Siletz  Indians.   The Siletz Tribe should be able to freely hunt, fish, and gather on  their ancestral lands, just like every other Tribe in Oregon, except  one, and in this country.   Today, the Siletz have over 5,000 enrolled members, and they are  concentrated in Oregon's Fourth Congressional District, which I am  honored to represent.   The Siletz Tribe was stripped of its land and status in 1954 through  the Western Oregon Termination Act.   In 1980, the Siletz Tribe was forced to give up their rights to  hunting and fishing on Tribal lands in order to have their reservation  restored. This restriction is called a consent decree. It is an unjust  and racist policy that should have never happened, and it needs to be  changed immediately.   This is a bipartisan bill, and I thank my colleagues for their  support. It provides the legal ability for the Siletz Tribe to  renegotiate a hunting and fishing agreement with the State of Oregon.   While the Oregon Fish and Wildlife Commission recently approved a  historic new hunting and fishing agreement with the Siletz Tribe, the  State can choose or be forced by litigation to return to the previous  unconscionable agreement at any time. That is why this bill is greatly  needed.   The bill is necessary to invalidate the consent decree, and it does  not impact the treaty rights of any other Tribe.   The Siletz Tribe has worked in good faith with other Tribes in the  region to avoid contested areas, which is reflected in my bill. There  was a lot of hard work that went into making this happen and making  this right.   I am proud that H.R. 2839 passed out of committee with strong  bipartisan support. In fact, it was unanimous. That is pretty strong  bipartisan support.   I thank my colleagues in the Oregon delegation for their support of  this bipartisan bill. I particularly thank Senator Merkley, who has a  companion bill in the Senate and who has worked tirelessly to right  this historic wrong.   The Siletz is one of only two Tribes in the entire country that was  forced to give up their sovereign rights in order to have Federal  status renewed. The other Tribe is the Confederated Tribes of the Grand  Ronde Community of Oregon. I support similar legislation to allow them  to renegotiate fishing and hunting rights with the State of Oregon, as  well. I hope to see this legislation move forward.   H.R. 2839 is about fairness. Siletz members should be able to hunt,  fish, trap, and gather on their ancestral lands as they have  traditionally done. They should be treated as other Tribes are.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this important  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, the duck stamp, or Federal Migratory Bird Hunting and  Conservation Stamp, is the only Federal conservation revenue stamp.  This means that 98 percent of the sale price is used to purchase  conservation easements and to acquire wetland habitats for the National  Wildlife Refuge System.   The duck stamp also provides an opportunity to showcase wildlife art,  with the Fish and Wildlife Service hosting an art competition each year  and the winning piece selected for next year's design.   Sportsmen and women, artists, and conservationists purchase duck  stamps as a collectible to cover entry fees to any National Wildlife  Refuge System unit, as a hunting license, or as a donation to  conservation.   Millions of stamps have been sold in recent years, contributing tens  of millions of dollars toward conservation each year. This bipartisan  bill would modernize government services by allowing online access to  the Federal duck stamp. It would save applicants and agency officials  time and money and make it more accessible for hunters,  conservationists, and collectors to purchase duck stamps and to support  wetland conservation.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from Arkansas  and Louisiana, who represent great States to go hunting in if you can't  make it all the way out to Oregon. I welcome you all there.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, and it should pass. I urge my  colleagues to support this legislation. I hope this can be unanimous,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   