 Madam Speaker, just 3 days ago, Democrats voted  to keep our government open. We told America how Republicans were  slashing vital programs in their extreme appropriations bills.   We voted down the Republican plan to drastically cut programs that  keep our babies, children, and their mothers from going hungry, cut  public school funding, cut agricultural investments, and cut support  for small businesses. That is what the Republicans wanted to do.   The American people heard our warnings, and their voices rang through  Congress. Finally, we had a clean continuing resolution without those  cuts on the House floor.   With support from the American people, Democrats led the way in  keeping our government open. It is a continuation of our work from last  Congress where Democrats passed laws to make investments in our future  energy independence and in our vision for rural development that has  been lacking for decades.  [[Page H4967]]    In Jeremiah 29:11, the Lord says: My plan is not for you to suffer,  but for you to prosper, have hope and a future.   Democrats showed that we are ready and willing to make that  prosperity plan a reality for Americans and especially for rural  America.   For too long in rural America and in rural New Mexico, our families  have been leaving the farms and ranches that give us our identity, our  ``herencia y cultura,'' ``heritage and culture,'' and importantly, that  give us the food we eat.   Last year, Democrats passed bill after bill to change this trend. We  want to invest in rural America.   Through the Inflation Reduction Act and CHIPS and Science Act, we can  build the next generation of innovation in places like rural New  Mexico. I am looking forward to an enchanted innovation hub in New  Mexico.   Now that Republicans are in charge, they want to gut those bills,  making rural families pay more and get less.   The Republican energy bill we are considering today wants to gut  rural projects, like the SunZia line in Corona, New Mexico, which just  installed the largest wind farm in the country. I call it the Route 66  of renewable energy. These wind farms are generating revenues for  multiple local ranchers.   Let me tell you something. Many ranchers in the country don't make a  profit. The USDA reported in 2020 that ranchers didn't generate enough  profit to cover their own living expenses and debt obligations for 9  out of 10 years.   The Democrat prosperity plan changes that equation and allows  ranchers to earn revenue from clean energy and from food production.    What is more, a wind farm in a rural county like Lincoln, New Mexico,  will provide $1.3 billion in taxes in 30 years. Lincoln County has  never seen such revenue before and can use it to invest in rural  healthcare and behavioral health.   Rather than build on the transformational investments that Democrats  made to support our rural communities, what are the Republicans doing?  They are gutting our progress. They want to look backward.   Indeed, all the appropriations bills that the Republicans are putting  forth hurt American competitiveness, they hurt rural areas, and they  hurt families who need to save money.   Rather than incentivizing the programs that our children will need to  save this planet and outcompete China, Republicans are taking us  backward.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for a future where the  Democratic prosperity plan can become a reality.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this rule.   