 Madam President, I am so pleased to be joining with my  colleagues today to talk about something that is so fundamentally  important for our families.   So many times, I have heard from folks saying: We are paying more for  childcare than our mortgage payment and trying to keep our house  together.   It is very frightening for many families trying to juggle those  costs. So we have an urgent need for our families, for our economy, for  our future.   Every morning, millions of families in Michigan and across the  country go through the very same ritual. Sleepy children are roused out  of bed, clothes are chosen, breakfasts are eaten, faces are washed,  teeth are brushed, snacks are packed, and then it is a scramble out the  door. Car seats are buckled and off to the local childcare center. Only  then can mom or dad's workday begin. For millions of families, this  essential daily routine is at risk of falling apart.   The American childcare system, already under severe strain before the  pandemic, now is in danger of collapse. During the pandemic, I am so  proud that we as Democrats cheered critical emergency funding that  helped keep 10 million children in childcare. That funding expired, as  colleagues have indicated, on September 30. Without it, more than  700,000 childcare programs could close--700,000--and 3.2 million  families could be left scrambling.   As programs are forced to close their doors, quality care will be  harder and harder to find, and what care is available will be harder  and harder for families to afford.   Some people may say: You know, I don't have kids in childcare. Why  should I care?   You will care when your doctor or dental appointment gets canceled  because the nurse or the hygienist can't find anyone to watch their  children that day. You will care when your favorite coffee shop shuts  down because the owners can't find enough workers. You will care when  your very best employee has to drop out of the workforce and stay home  with her baby because she can't find quality, affordable childcare.   The childcare industry is like the scaffolding that our entire  economy rests on. When that scaffolding collapses, down goes the  economy. President Biden understands that, and he has requested the  critical funding needed to keep this crucial scaffolding standing. It  is time that we come together on a bipartisan basis and act. American  families, American parents, and children just can't wait.   Just as importantly, we have another challenge we need to be meeting  right now that relates to families, to moms and kids. We need to ensure  that American moms and American babies aren't going hungry on our  watch.   We have this wonderful program that has been supported on a  bipartisan basis since the beginning called the WIC--Women, Infants,  and Children--Program. It is a program that provides critical food  assistance, medical screenings, breastfeeding support, baby formula,  and nutrition education to pregnant moms, new moms, and children under  age 5.   Right now, we also have a funding cliff happening and a critical need  for funding. Since 1997, WIC has been fully funded to cover all  eligible moms and babies and prevent waiting lists. Now, we can all  come together. We should all be coming together to want healthy  babies--pregnant moms being healthy, delivering healthy babies, and  having the nutrition available for moms and babies during the early  years of a child's life. That is what WIC does, and it has been fully  funded since 1997.   Congress has always understood there can't be a waiting list for  pregnant moms. How do you have a waiting list when the whole pregnancy  lasts 9 months? It makes no sense. To get the nutrition that moms need  and that babies need, we have to make sure there are not waiting lists,  and newborns just keep growing whether they have the food they need or  not.   But now there is a $1 billion shortfall in the funding of the  program. Without funding, full funding, moms and babies are at risk of  being put on waiting lists for the first time ever in the history of  the program in the United States or of seeing critical nutritional  support cut. This would take away essential nutrition assistance during  a critical time in a baby's life. Soon, States are going to start  making decisions about their budgets, and we need to provide assurance  to States that they can continue to serve everyone and keep their  promise--our promise--to moms and babies.   As anyone who has done it knows, raising a family is a tough, tough  job. The last thing parents should worry about when they are trying to  wash those faces and find those coats and get the kids out the door is  whether or not their childcare center is going to be open and available  or whether they will lose the baby formula that their baby needs.   American families are raising the next generation. We always say  children are our future. The fact is, they  [[Page S5667]]  don't wait to grow up. Whether we act or not, they just keep growing.  We need to have a sense of urgency about this. We all care about our  children. We need to act to make sure quality, affordable childcare is  there and the nutrition support for our moms and babies is there as  well.   I yield the floor.   