 Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak on the  amendment and in strong opposition to H.R. 5.   Today, I spoke with teachers, principals, and superintendents who  have all gone to school to learn how to educate, manage, and supervise  the education of our young people. They oppose this bill and the  usurping of their expertise in their field and their ability to teach.   H.R. 5 declares that we have now decided that we don't trust our  teachers.   I have to say the title of this bill is a lie. It is a Trojan horse  when it comes to what is best for educating our children. It is really  about the evisceration of public education.   I am a parent. I know what is best for my child, but that doesn't  mean I know what is best for your child. This bill will take the  participation of parents out of the decisionmaking process and truly  create anarchy in our education system.   Earlier today, I was in a committee hearing listening to Republicans  talk about China, and this is what I heard them say:   They said, shame on China. China is bashing access to education,  stifling access to free thought, and banning access to information. The  hypocrisy in that talking about bashing China, this bill does exactly  what they say they don't want to see happen.   The poison pill in this bill will actually promote violence and  bullying in our schools and of our young kids who are finding  themselves and trying to learn who they are.   If you support mob rule, then you support H.R. 5. If you support  autocracy, then you support H.R. 5.   The Americans that I know, the constituents in my district, support  democracy, and that is not H.R. 5.   Democracy is about everyone having a voice. Hypocrisy is about  silencing people.   No one is suggesting that parents can't and shouldn't be involved in  the education of their children and in the activities that are going on  in schools.   Absolutely.   In fact, if more parents were engaged, teachers would feel supported,  principals would feel empowered, and communities would thrive. But that  is not what H.R. 5 is about.   So I am here to defend our education system and ensure that our  students and our teachers go to school unencumbered by political  agendas so that they can live and learn freely about who they are and  the history of this country and the world.    I thank Representative Moore for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise with all of these other fabulous women in  Congress to celebrate female trailblazers in Congress. I am going to  speak to many of those trailblazers who hail from California. This is a  shout-out to some bad sisters.   I am here to honor former Representative Karen Bass, the now-mayor of  Los Angeles. Mr. Speaker, you have to love the people if you want to  lead people, and Mayor Karen Bass loves Los Angeles. Stepping into her  shoes in Congress has been an incredibly humbling journey.   Ms. Bass has a long history of public service working in the  California State Assembly before coming here to Congress. In fact, she  was the first female speaker--let alone the first Black woman--but the  first female speaker of the California State Assembly--an incredibly  powerful body. California, after all, is the fifth largest economy in  the world.   When she was first elected to the assembly, she was the only Black  woman in the entire State legislature. She then came to Congress and  eventually served as the chair of the mighty, moral Congressional Black  Caucus from 2019 to 2021 before launching her mayoral campaign.   Mayor Karen Bass is a champion for the people in every single way,  leading the charge on foreign diplomacy, criminal justice reform,  foster youth, and environmental justice. Karen Bass worked and works in  a quiet, forceful, and bipartisan way, and Ms. Bass found results for  the people while she was here in Congress.   Following in her footsteps, I support the same issues that matter to  Angelenos and Americans across the country.   It is important to note that her work ethic stems from her own  journey. She was a caretaker, she was a nurse, she was a nurturer, and  she was a problem solver. She started her journey, actually, as a  nurse. She eventually became a social worker. She got her degree in  that. Then she started Community Coalition, a nonprofit organization  that rose from the ashes of the 1992 riots focused on equity, access,  and opportunity.   Karen Bass is now the first female mayor of Los Angeles, and she is  the second African American to hold the position since the founding of  the city. She continues to break boundaries and passionately serve the  people addressing critical issues now with laser-like focus, issues  like homelessness, affordable housing, and increasing opportunity for  all.    Mayor Karen Bass is bringing a new direction to Los Angeles with a  vision that advances equity and progress for the people. So I am proud  not just to  [[Page H1400]]  call her my mayor, but a friend, a mentor, and a guiding light in the  fight for justice.   I would be remiss as a Californian if I also didn't pay homage to  fellow trailblazers like former Congresswoman Yvonne Brathwaite Burke.  She was a Congresswoman who dared to be the first woman in Congress to  have and raise a child while in Congress.   Former Congresswoman Diane Watson also served in this very seat and  was a staunch advocate for education. She fought against xenophobia,  and she was a vocal leader on issues related to reparations for  descendants of African-American slaves.   I have to say that I come from a lineage of Black women in this seat,  Black women who can't be beat.   They are sheroes mostly because they are ordinary women who dared and  continue to dare to do extraordinary things sometimes just by showing  up, standing tall, leading with constitution, and not taking ``no'' for  an answer.   I am proud to be part of this group of women that celebrates the  power--the female power--that comes to us in Congress in these hallowed  Halls.   