 Mr. Speaker, it is a delight to be here  with Mr. Hoyer and my colleagues tonight.   Last Congress was the most productive Congress since 1964. Democrats  in the House and Senate, alongside the Biden administration, invested  in America and in our communities.   The scope of the three bills--the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs  Act, the Inflation Reduction Act, and the CHIPS and Science Act--is  immense for everyone everywhere. Whether your district is red, blue, or  purple, these monumental laws will reach you and help transform where  you live, where you work, and where you play into something greener and  safer.   With the largest investment in our planet in our lifetime, we are  reimagining the fight against the climate crisis. That means building  more resilient roads and stronger bridges to withstand a changing  climate. It means expanding our EV infrastructure. It means  manufacturing. In Region 10, which I represent, these dollars will  guide us from the Rust Belt to revitalization.   We are seeing this work already. In western Pennsylvania, in  Representative Chris Deluzio's district, we have invested $3.5 million  to connect Moon Township to a new economic hub that will create 1,900  construction jobs and generate $14 million annually for the community.   In Susan Wild's district in the northeast, we are investing more than  $36 million to upgrade roads, highways, and bridges, like Cementon  bridge, to better connect the Lehigh Valley.   In the entire southeastern region of Pennsylvania where I am from, we  are investing more than $200 million to improve roadways, I-95, 676,  the Boulevard, and Route 1. Our Commonwealth is becoming better  connected.   The same can be said for West Virginia: $1.6 billion for its roads,  bridges, public transit, and so much more, including I-64, connecting  West Virginia's two largest cities, Charleston  [[Page H4286]]  and Huntington, making an hour commute safer and more efficient, making  a huge difference for residents, commercial vehicles, and tourists who  love West Virginia's wild and wonderful scenery.   The Federal Government is helping to fund an upgrade to I-64 that is  long overdue; and because of our work, more than $26 million has  already been dedicated to upgrade I-64, U.S. 35, and more to come.   Whether it is U.S. 35 or I-75, Ohio is using this Federal funding to  upgrade their roads, as well. Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur's district  celebrated the reopening of DiSalle bridge, a newly built section of I- 75 in Toledo with the help of more than $12 million from the  infrastructure law.   In northeast Ohio, my colleague Congresswoman Emilia Sykes' district  has seen more than $25 million to upgrade highways, interchanges, and  off-ramps.   In Congressman  Greg Landsman's district, we are investing $1.6  billion into the Brent Spence bridge, ensuring safety. In a State like  Ohio, upgrading roads and bridges means better connections that will  grow its economy, ensure safety, and better prepare us for climate  change, not just for communities in Ohio but for its neighbors, like  Kentucky.   Speaking of Kentucky, it is the number one producer of cars, light  trucks, and SUVs in our Nation. It is one of our Nation's leaders in  electric vehicle battery parks. Look at that, a so-called red State is  leading us in being green. Recently, EV battery plants in Kentucky,  alongside neighboring Tennessee, received the largest Federal  investment ever made to the auto industry.   Across Kentucky, like in my colleague Congressman Morgan McGarvey's  district, officials are committed to smartly serving the growing hybrid  and electric vehicle market. It is not just where we are driving, it is  what we are driving. It is not only good for our planet, but it is good  for jobs. EV manufacturing will provide more than 10,000 jobs for  Kentuckians.   Whether a red State or a blue State, we are all in this moment  together, a moment where we can once again transform our Nation into a  powerhouse of manufacturing. That is what government is about. It is  not about bickering or faux impeachment inquiries or shutting  the government down. No. What we are doing with this impressive list of  investments is showing that government can work and must work for the  people, for our planet, and for our children.    