 Mr. Speaker, it is important that we take a look at  what we are doing here today. It is very obvious that we are addressing  this question from the perspective of punishing families and punishing  our children--yes, the children. The children are of all of us because  we know that no matter what country, the children are our future.   This legislation is supposed to be a border security bill done  without bipartisanship and extensively rejecting thoughtful amendments  given by the members of the Judiciary Committee and the Committee on  Homeland Security.   In Houston, this is to create an added nightmare in order not to be  able to help those who are in need because they are coming. In fact,  there are processes where they are able to access the process of  asylum.   The fear that is made and given to the American people is to create  hysteria rather than reason. I don't know what happened to the very  reasonable, comprehensive immigration reform led by the late John  McCain. Republicans ditched it, leaving DACA recipients, people who are  EMS, doctors, and lawyers, still in limbo.   Here we come again with this bill that is the child deportation bill.  It says in Houston to Catholic Charities, or the National Association  of Christian Churches that is helping in New York, that they will be  made criminals because we will not allow them to help those who are  coming forward who have status with paperwork for asylum, but yet, they  are still unstatused and undocumented.   It makes it absolutely impossible to come to the border to seek  asylum. It upends the process and protections in place for  unaccompanied children and requires all migrants seeking admission  without a visa either to be detained or subjected to a program that  Trump had. We know if we have someone who is going to, in essence,  pardon all the January 6 persons, that is not a reliable policy.   It is clear that mandating indefinite detention for all asylum- seeking families and children is a deportation bill for children.  Allowing children to be detained in Border Patrol facilities for an  entire month is a cruel and inhumane act.   Hold a 9-month-old baby in your arms who was separated from their  family, and maybe then, as I did almost more than 6 years ago, almost  10 years ago--this has been ongoing through all administrations. The  only reason that the past administration had a title 42 is because of  the pandemic.   We need not to have that patchwork of disaster. We need to be able to  ensure that we are working studiously to ensure it. Let me share with  you these numbers.    Mr. Speaker, people are, in fact, alarmed. They need  to know that the migrants coming in are from Mexico. We do have an OTM,  other than Mexican, people already going back--India, China, the  Philippines, El Salvador, Vietnam, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Guatemala,  and Korea. It is widely diverse, based upon the persecution that people  are feeling or the economic lack of life.   As we proceeded to do this work, do you know, as I leave this podium,  that if you are an overstay in a hospital, you can automatically be  criminally charged? In an amendment, I said: What is the intent? Do you  know whether they were in a hospital, or they had a funeral, that they  were, in essence, near death? There is no mercy.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation needs to go back to the drawing board.  Americans and Houstonians are asking for us to do the right thing and  to get security at the border and not have a bill that does nothing.  That is what it does--absolutely nothing.  [[Page H2263]]    Mr. Speaker, I am here today o reassert my opposition to the proposed  legislation, H.R. 2--Secure the Border Act of 2023, and to again assert  the need for strong reconsideration for the harm and damage this bill  will do to the American people and those seeking citizenship into our  country. I do believe America must have a secure border!   I, along with my colleagues, have attempted to address some of the  most glaring challenges this bill poses by offering common sense  amendments, yet Republicans have continued to refuse any meaningful  consideration. Let's work together for a secure southern and northern  border.   H.R. 2 is in no way a serious measure that is being offered to  resolve our current and ongoing dire needs to resolve immigration  challenges and demands here in America.   We need the American people to understand that this is merely an  unfortunate patchwork of extreme anti-immigrant proposals that would  only add to more chaos at the border.   It includes a variety of illogical measures that would shut down the  U.S. asylum system and target families and children for the cruelest  forms of treatment.   One measure would make overstaying a visa a crime--for the first time  in our history.   During the Judiciary Committee markup and the Rules Committee  hearing, my Democratic colleagues and I could not get any Republican to  roll back their punitive and damaging intent to harm any and all  individuals seeking refuge and citizenship here in the U.S.--no matter  the vulnerability of their age or their circumstances.   One of my amendments in particular would have added a mens rea  requirement such that in order to be criminally liable, a person must  ``knowingly and willingly'' overstay their visa.   It is important to remember that an individual can make an honest  mistake about when they need to depart the country, be physically  incapable of departing the country, or unable to return because of  circumstances beyond their control in their home country.   Yet this bill has no exceptions or flexibility when it comes to  overstaying a nonimmigrant visa.   For example, a person who has a medical emergency in the United  States and cannot leave within 10 days of their visa expiring would  violate this new law and face up to six months in prison and a fine of  up to $1,000.   Or if a natural disaster prevents an individual from returning home  for more than 10 days past the expiration of their status, they would  be guilty of this crime and face 6 months in federal prison.   It is also important to remember that if a person overstays their  visa, they are already subject to removal.   The addition of a criminal penalty is both cruel and unnecessary.   This bill is extraordinarily punitive, with far-reaching implications  that may go beyond what my colleagues intended, unless they wanted to  make following current immigration a crime punishable by up to 6 months  in prison and a fine of up to $1,000.   Our immigration system needs reforms, and we are absolutely  interested in bold new ideas to fix it, but this is not one of them.   That is why I also offered another amendment that would have simply  created a critical exemption for Temporary Protected Status holders who  overstay their visas.   If this bill had been in place last year, a Ukrainian student would  have broken the law and faced a fine and jail time if they had been  approved for Temporary Protected Status after Russia invaded their  home, and then stayed in the US in Temporary Protected Status for  longer than the validity of their student visa.   Perhaps if the majority had held a hearing on this topic, as they are  supposed to under the regular order they love so much, they would  understand the substantial problems with this legislation; perhaps we  could have explored more realistic changes to our legal visa system.   I also offered another commonsense amendment during the Judiciary  Committee Markup to the provision of H.R. 2 restricting parole.   H.R. 2 seeks to drastically limit the use of parole power but  contradicts itself about how parole can be granted.   The bill claims that it limits DHS from granting parole based on  eligibility criteria describing an entire class of potential parole  recipients.   Immediately following this prohibition, the bill outlines the  eligibility criteria for two classes of people it deems worthy of  receiving parole: the spouses and minor children of active duty  servicemembers and certain Cuban family members of US permanent  residents.   The provision allowing parole for Cubans is modeled after Cuban  Family Reunification Parole, which was created in 2007 to allow Cuban  nationals with pending immigrant visa petitions to join their  sponsoring family members in the United States.    This program was suspended during the Trump administration in 2017,  but processing resumed in September 2022.   I am thrilled that Republicans have deemed this program worthy of  keeping in place.   Their previous anti-parole bills certainly didn't seem to think it  was worth saving.   However, I'm confused. There is another parole program, the Haitian  Family Reunification Parole, which was created in 2014 and modeled  after the Cuban program.   This program carries nearly identical eligibility requirements, with  more limitations.   The Trump administration announced that it would terminate this  program in 2019, about a year and a half after calling Haiti a ``s--- hole country.''   Fortunately, the administration was unable to do terminate the  program before leaving office and the Biden administration reversed  this decision.   The ongoing situation in Haiti is dire.   Earlier this month, human rights groups released figures showing that  kidnappings in the country had dramatically increased in the first  three months of the year.   The risk of kidnapping for Haitians is just one small piece of a  wider crisis with escalating gang violence, a food shortage, a  constitutional and law enforcement crisis, and a Cholera outbreak.   I cannot think of any legitimate reason why we would keep the Cuban  parole program, but not the Haitian program.   My amendment simply would have added a provision to the parole  section of this bill exempting this population from restrictions.   It is time we stop the negativity and counterproductive efforts that  are ripping apart our country, and to instead focus on coming together  to work towards sensible and effective solutions that can work for the  betterment and growth of our country.   H.R. 2 is simply just another incredibly misguided Republican bill  that further includes nonsensical and harmful changes to the current  system for unaccompanied children (UACs) crossing the border.   Under this bill, all unaccompanied children would be subject to a  summary removal process, which would give them even fewer protections  than current law provides for unaccompanied minors from contiguous  countries like  Mr. Speaker, let me say that I believe in border  security at the southern border. I also believe in the fact that we are  a land of immigrants, as well as a land of laws.   Here we have two bad bills that don't fix the immigration and border  security problem, and in this bill, we are not fixing any problem with  fraud.   Let me explain to my colleagues and also the American people: This  takes away $400 million that we use to eliminate fraud. How does that  work, in H.R. 1163? This bill is to claw back funds that people  allegedly received accidentally.   This is what will happen. Let me tell you what they are going to do.  They are going to make sure that law enforcement and first responders,  who were out in public during the pandemic every day, will receive a  bill because they accidentally received an overpay.   I had an amendment to exempt law enforcement which was rejected. They  wouldn't take that amendment. We are, in fact, coming upon National  Police Week next week when we honor and memorialize law enforcement.   They wouldn't take the amendment to exempt firefighters. I saw them  out in the community when I was out in my district, testing,  administering vaccinations, tending to people in crisis during the  pandemic. They were out in our communities.   Additionally, they wouldn't take an exemption of schoolteachers. This  is a bad bill. Why are you punishing our law enforcement, first  responders, fire fighters, teachers, and others?   Let us take this bill off the table and go back to the drawing board.  We are losing. We are not gaining.   Mr. Speaker, I am here today to reassert my opposition to the  proposed legislation H.R. 1163--Protecting Taxpayers and Victims of  Unemployment Fraud Act, and to again assert the need for strong  reconsideration for the harm and damage this bill will do to the  American people.   H.R. 1163, the Protecting Taxpayers and Victims of Unemployment Fraud  Act, quite simply a harmful bill that would strip state Unemployment  Insurance (UI) programs of essential resources to fight fraud, combat  identity theft, and recover overpayments, and would set back the goals  of strengthening program integrity and combating systemic fraud.   H.R. 1163 would undermine the integrity of the UI system and allow  states to send surprise bills to workers for overpayments of  unemployment benefits paid during the pandemic as long as 10 years  after the overpayment occurred.   This bill takes no consideration into the fact that the overpayments  were made to workers who did nothing wrong, did not know they were  overpaid, spent the money on necessities, and returned to work as soon  as they could. Workers did not know they were overpaid at the time (and  will not know until they receive a surprise bill).   This ``anti-fraud'' legislation would do more harm than good,  penalizing America's essential workers who did nothing wrong while  slashing funding from programs holding criminals accountable.   It makes no sense that we would not do everything we can to protect  special populations of workers and continue to support them as  essential workers--as those who hold the fabric of our communities  together, especially in our most desperate and fragile times of need.  [[Page H2290]]    In fact, I along with my colleagues have attempted to address many of  the ills this bill purports by offering common sense amendments that  Republicans have continued to refuse any meaningful consideration.   My first amendment for H.R. 1163, listed on the Rules Committee  roster as Amendment No. 41, would have required states to waive  overpayments of pandemic unemployment benefits that were made to law  enforcement personnel and security in 2020 or 2021 who were without  fault in the UI overpayments.   My second amendment for H.R. 1163, listed on the Rules Committee  roster as Amendment No. 42, would have required states to waive  overpayments of pandemic unemployment benefits that were made to  firefighters and emergency personnel in 2020 or 2021 who were without  fault in the UI overpayments.   And my third amendment for H.R. 1163, listed on the Rules Committee  roster as Amendment No. 43, would have delayed enactment until the  Secretary certifies that no provision would result in school  personnel--including teachers and support staff--in 2020 or 2021  without fault in the UI overpayment would be forced to repay  overpayments due to state error.   These are common-sense amendments that have been repeatedly  disregarded by my colleagues across the aisle who have instead chosen  to put forward legislative attacks on our most vulnerable populations.   It is time we stop the negativity and counterproductive efforts that  are ripping apart our country, and to instead focus on coining together  to work towards sensible and effective solutions that can work for the  betterment and growth of our country.   This bill is largely opposed by Americans who see right through the  misguided language purporting to go after fraud but really goes after  hardworking American citizens.   In my home state of Texas and across the country labor unions have  reached out to urge a no vote on this bill and I stand with them in  strong opposition to this wayward measure.   