 Madam Chair, I stand today in solidarity  with the millions of Black and Brown folks who have been locked up over  the failed war on drugs.   I stand before you today some 50 years from the war on drugs and 39  years after President Reagan signed the Comprehensive Crime Control Act  of 1984, which expanded penalties on weed possession, established  mandatory minimums, and created civil asset forfeiture--50 years since  establishing drug policies that systematically led to the mass  incarceration of generations of Black men.   But somehow, this war on drugs will be different.   We don't always know the consequences of a bill like this, but with  the HALT Fentanyl Act, we all know.   We have to listen to our experts: our public health, criminal  justice, and civil rights organizations. They are on the ground doing  the work in our communities, and 158 of them just told us that, no, the  HALT Fentanyl Act will not help the American people, as this bill  claims it would. It will only cause harm, especially to Black, Brown,  and low-income Americans.   We really didn't need the experts on this one. We have had decades to  observe the effects of policies just like this.   The definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting  different results. The HALT Fentanyl Act will do exactly what it was  designed to do if we allow it to pass.   We have seen 50 years of a terrifying merry-go-round: the economy  struggles, housing becomes less stable, and a tough-on-crime approach  is promoted as the solution. Lock up those most impacted, our siblings  and neighbors struggling with addiction. Lock them up.   Who is winning? Not the 350,000 folks currently serving time for drug  offenses, not the families that have been torn apart by mass  incarceration. Imagine the loss of generational wealth.   Communities have been left without parents, grandparents, neighbors,  leaders, and friends. Families are mourning tens of thousands that have  died every year from drug overdoses.   Policies like this one do not lead to healing. They do not lead to  safety. They do not lead to justice, and we do deserve justice.    We know there is a correlation between poverty and crime, not race  and crime. We do not need tough-on-crime policies. We need to be tough  on inequality, but for true, systemic change, we have to be willing to  consider different roads. We have to be willing to consider community- based, trauma-informed, and harm-reducing policies. We must resist the  urge to hearken back to tough-on-crime rhetoric.   Tough on crime is merely tough on community. We can do better, and we  must do better than the HALT Fentanyl Act.   