 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida  for hosting this important topic.   I rise today to call out the corruption and the hypocrisy of this  Supreme Court. The affirmative action ruling is a total sham.   Justice Clarence Thomas is good at accepting gifts. One gift he  received was the gift of going to Yale Law School, thanks to  affirmative action. He said: ``God only knows where I would be today''  if it were not for affirmative action.   Yet, in this last ruling, he opined that affirmative action was bad  for African Americans because if they got into these institutions, they  would be unable to thrive.   Elite institutions remain the gateways into government, into big  industry, into C-suites. Eight of the nine sitting Justices on this  court either attended Yale or Harvard Law School. In fact, three of the  Justices on this bench are beneficiaries of affirmative action and have  stated it.   Allowing themselves to get into college because of affirmative  action, they got on to the bench because of affirmative action. Both  Democrat and Republican Presidents considered race when selecting them  as nominees for the Supreme Court, appropriately so.   It is about representation. It is about diversity. It is about making  sure that all voices are seen and heard. Affirmative action is more  than just about admissions. It is also about economic progress. But  this ruling has cut generations of students from this critical benefit.   The Court is facing a legitimacy crisis. The Supreme Court is out of  step with reality.   In States that have actually banned affirmative action, schools in  those States have seen a 20 percent reduction in Black applicants and  in Black students. Talk to an admissions counselor. Heck, talk to a  biologist, and they will tell you that homogenous environments do not  thrive. They do not survive.   In an orchestra, you need all kinds of musicians playing all kinds of  instruments in order to make music.   In movies, you need all kinds of characters to tell a story.   On college campuses, you need a diverse campus, of all kinds of  students, to stimulate growth, research, economic development,  innovation and survival.   This ruling goes beyond admissions. It is about the hiring of  faculty. It is about how companies recruit, hire, and retain, and it is  about procurement.   This ruling is divisive. It is hypocritical, and it is out of step  with the American people, just like the Supreme Court.   You know what this ruling does? This ruling says to Black students,  this ruling says to Black children like yours and like mine, that this  Supreme Court doesn't see you and that this Supreme Court doesn't care  about you.   But to our students, to our children, to our students and our  children who are Black, I am here to tell you on behalf of the  Congressional Black Caucus that we see you. We hear you. We are  fighting for you, unlike this Supreme Court. We are not going to stop  fighting, nor will we stop telling the truth about the history of this  country, about this Supreme Court, about this ruling, and about what is  ahead.   Color blind is an aspirational state of mind, but it is not yet  reality. So let's live in reality and talk about what our students are  facing and the hypocrisy that is coming out of this Supreme Court.   Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, you have heard from my  distinguished colleagues about affirmative action and issues of great  importance to the Congressional Black Caucus, our constituents,  Congress, and all Americans tonight.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   