 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, defense-centric, small businesses, and  the industrial base face unique challenges in creating new advanced  production lines, scaling, expanding manufacturing capacity, and in  competing and leading to issues with how to best support our  warfighters with key advanced defense capabilities.   For many of these U.S. businesses, translating investments into  marketable products and services remains a challenge. As job creation  engines, start-ups are vital to the American economy, but they often  lack the resources to bring good ideas to market or to establish a  contract with the Department of Department.   That is why I introduced my bipartisan bill, H.R. 3147, which  establishes a defense industrial base advanced capabilities pilot  program, to help small businesses bridge that gap between creating  innovative ideas to help our servicemembers, and the time that it takes  to get to full production capacity.   This bill builds on the success of SBIR and STTR programs to further  increase private-sector commercialization of innovations derived from  federally funded R&D.   I was very proud to see this bill included in this year's NDAA in  Section 853 of the House-passed bill and in Section 831 of the Senate- passed bill, and now we just need to fund it.   Due to its targeted support to small businesses, it is no surprise  that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has made this effort a top  legislative priority, and I am very proud to have had their support  over the years to make this much-needed change.   What does this amendment do?   This amendment would direct $50 million in O&M defense-wide to the  Defense Production Act purchases account to fund the Advanced Defense  Capabilities Pilot Program. Funding in fiscal year 2024 would  accelerate the scaling, production, manufacturing, and acquisition of  defense-centric advanced capabilities to bolster DIB resilience and  modernize and increase our competition advantage versus China and other  adversaries.   The public-private partnership pilot funding would increase support  and investments for domestic small, advanced defense-focused  businesses, and stimulate key defense-centric industrial base markets,  create new production lines, decrease defense-centric manufacturing  supply chain vulnerabilities, provide advisory and scaling support, and  unlock private equity capital for advanced warfighting capability  aligned with the National Defense Strategy.   Due to this targeted support to small businesses, it is really no  surprise that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has made this effort a top  legislative priority, and I am very proud to have their support.   As a former engineer and entrepreneur, I know how urgent this  legislation is, and we have to support our talented entrepreneurs in  translating their innovative ideas into marketable products and cutting  edge technologies and to make sure that many endeavors don't fail  because they lack access to capital.   Mr. Chair, I very much appreciate your support for this amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman  from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum), the ranking member, in support of my  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   