 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendments en bloc.   Following recent meetings with veterans in Lewis County, I am deeply  concerned about a number of issues impacting constituent veterans who  receive care through the VA Puget Sound Healthcare System.   First and foremost, veterans in Lewis County have seen their access  to care reduced dramatically in recent years.   The 2021 closure of the Chehalis Community Based Outpatient Clinic  cut many veterans off from nearby care. Travel times went from about 1  hour to more than 2 hours to get to a VA Puget Sound facility. Not just  that, but the wait times are horrific. I am hearing from veterans that  they are waiting at times over 6 hours on the phone for it to be  answered.   In rural communities with sparse specialty and mental health care  options to begin with, the closure of a full CBOC has put lifesaving  care out of reach of our veterans.   I offered two amendments that are included in the amendments en bloc  that will hold the VA accountable for protecting access to care for  veterans in rural areas like mine in east Lewis County.   Amendment No. 15 would require the VA to submit a report to Congress  on their efforts to ensure access to healthcare for veterans residing  in geographic proximity to a Department of Veteran Affairs community- based outpatient clinic subject to closure.   Amendment No. 23 will require the VA to update Patient Experience  Compare Data published on their public website to break down data by  county. This would give our body and Americans valuable insight about  how the patient experience with a medical center may differ based on  location within the center's jurisdiction, not just the jurisdiction  broadly. We can compare whether it is a rural issue or an issue with  the center itself.   In return for their service to our country, we have made a promise to  our veterans that we must uphold. It is our responsibility to ensure  they have the access to healthcare necessary to lead a full and healthy  life after their time in the armed services has ended.   Mr. Chair, I ask for support for these two amendments that will help  increase transparency and hold the VA accountable for access to care  for my constituents and other vets in rural areas.   