 Mr. President, I am both surprised and disappointed that  the Senator from Wisconsin is objecting to this unanimous consent  agreement. The Senator from Wisconsin has repeatedly said--and I agree  with him--that we should not end up with an omnibus bill--a 4,000-page  bill--at the end of the year, with little consideration and having been  largely drafted by a small group of people.   So why is the Senator from Wisconsin objecting to proceeding to three  appropriations bills that were reported unanimously--unanimously, each  one of them--by the Senate Appropriations Committee after a great deal  of work? Furthermore, the Senator is objecting to Republican amendments  being offered to this package--amendments by Senator Paul, Senator  Vance, Senator Ernst, Senator Blackburn, Senator Lee--and that is just  the first tranche of amendments.   Negotiations are ongoing, and there will be additional amendments;  but if we cannot proceed to consider this bill and the other two  appropriations bills unanimously reported by the Senate committee, then  those amendments offered by some of our Members cannot be considered.   Is the Senator from Wisconsin opposed to the amendments that are  offered by Senators Paul, Vance, Ernst, Blackburn, and Lee? Because, by  objecting, he is preventing them from being considered by the full  Senate.   We have worked very hard to clear amendments for consideration by  this body, but if we can't even get passed the procedural amendments  that allow us to bring the Transportation and Housing appropriations  bill and the Agriculture appropriations bill to add to the MILCON-VA  bill, then the Senate is broken once again.   Senator Murray and I, along with all the members of the  Appropriations Committee, have worked so hard to achieve bipartisan  consensus. We held nearly 50 hearings and briefings, asking tough  questions, reviewing the President's budget request, evaluating the  numbers in the budget. And we worked hard to develop, draft, and  approve all 12 of the appropriations bills for the first time in 5  years.   How can a Member stand up and object and, at the same time, say: Oh,  I don't want an omnibus bill. Well, that is what we are heading for.   We lost last week. I wish that the Democratic leader had brought this  to the floor last week. We are now losing this week, and needlessly so.   There has been a great openness by my Democratic colleagues to  consider Republican amendments. We just asked unanimous consent for the  first five to be considered. Yet that is objected to.   Members cannot have it both ways. They cannot block floor  consideration of appropriations bills that were unanimously reported by  the committee and yet maintain that they don't want an omnibus bill. It  is one or the other, or a government shutdown--even worse.   So I would ask my colleague from Wisconsin to think through this and  think about the fact that he is blocking Republican amendments from  getting a vote on the Senate floor. He is setting us up for either an  omnibus bill or a government shutdown, and none of those outcomes serve  the American people well.   I yield the floor.   