 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1163, the  Protecting Taxpayers and Victims of Unemployment Fraud Act. This bill  makes meaningful strides to recover hundreds of billions of dollars in  fraudulent unemployment benefits.   Congress has the responsibility to oversee our Nation's unemployment  programs and rein in rampant fraud. Unfortunately, for years, Democrats  virtually refused to acknowledge the extent of this issue while  taxpayers and small businesses in New York's 24th District were forced  to foot the bill.   Criminal organizations, including international cybercrime rings and  other foreign actors, even exploited this national crisis to steal  billions from taxpayers.   The exact amount of unemployment fraud resulting from the pandemic is  not known. Estimates are wide-ranging with some encompassing only  improper payments due to fraud, and others focused on all improper  payments, including those resulting from administrative error.   The Government Accountability Office found at least $60 billion in  fraud as they testified before our committee. However, according to  recent testimony from the Department of Labor Inspector General,  improper payments and pandemic unemployment programs have saddled  taxpayers with at least $191 billion in fraud, as was testified before  our committee. Some experts suggest this number could be as high as  $400 billion.   New York alone is estimated to have paid as much as $11 billion in  fraudulent unemployment benefits since March 2020. On top of all of  this, New York has an outstanding trust fund loan of nearly $8 billion,  which it has yet to repay.   Because of New York's gross mismanagement, taxpayers and small  businesses must now make up the difference. After all the hardships  they have endured over the past several years, how can it possibly be  fair to ask them to pick up the tab for the government's negligence and  incompetence?   Now, under House Republicans and the leadership of Jason Smith,  Congress is finally taking steps to recover these valuable taxpayer  dollars.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this bill from all of my colleagues.   