 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 39. This  resolution is another Republican attack on President Biden's climate  goals that will harm American jobs and existing domestic solar  projects. This is an unnecessary rush to insert ourselves into agency  rulemaking before Congress has the full picture.   This resolution would overturn a Biden Administration regulation that  placed a two-year moratorium on tariffs on solar panels and cells from  four Southeast Asian countries: Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand, and  Vietnam. This rule was put in place to ensure the American solar supply  chain has adequate volumes of solar panels and cells to meet domestic  demand. H.J. Res. 39 clearly ignores the fact that the Department of  Commerce has been studying the way China may be manipulating solar  markets in Southeast Asia to avoid U.S. tariffs during the two-year  duty moratorium. The Department of Commerce is almost set to release a  final report with their findings in May. It is irresponsible for  Congress to overturn the Biden Administration's rule without seeing the  result of that investigation on the full scope of China's role in these  markets.   I am proud of the historic investments in domestic clean energy  manufacturing made under unified Democratic control in the last  Congress. Democrats are building toward the goal of solar panels and  cells being American made, American built, and union installed.  Congressional Republicans have long been hostile to investments in  clean energy and Republicans are using this resolution as an  opportunity to slow down our economy as it transitions to a clean  energy economy. H.J. Res. 39 jeopardizes existing projects which would  mean the loss of jobs for the hard-working Americans who design,  construct, and install solar. We have seen historic investments in  community solar projects in Minnesota's Fourth District. This  resolution puts those projects, and the jobs they create, in danger.   Mr. Speaker, let me be clear, H.J. Res. 39 is an attack on President  Biden, our transition to a clean energy economy, and domestic  manufacturing goals.   