 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the National Defense  Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (NDAA).   I did not vote for the Republican majority's version of the NDAA that  passed the House in July. That bill was loaded with extreme and  partisan social policy riders that had no place in legislation that  supports our national security and the service members who defend it.  That is why I'm encouraged by the bipartisan negotiations that produced  a much more balanced compromise bill. While there are still some  provisions I do not agree with, nearly all the worst policy ideas from  the Republican majority have been removed. Excluded from the agreement  are the harmful provisions that would deny reproductive health care  access to our service members and their families and attack the rights  of LGBTQ+ service members.   I do disagree with some remaining provisions that I believe will  continue discourage building a diverse military, and ones that would  inhibit the Administration's ability to improve military resilience and  readiness in the face of ongoing climate change challenges. For  example, this legislation maintains a provision banning Critical Race  Theory in our military education system. The definition is narrower  than originally proposed, but I remain concerned with how Critical Race  Theory is defined and that this provision could be used to limit how  certain eras of American history are taught. This NDAA also institutes  a salary cap and hiring freeze on the Defense Department's Diversity  Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Committee, pursuant to completion of a  department audit. I think this is unnecessary and should have been  removed.   As Ranking Member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, I am  intimately familiar with the range threats to our nation and to our  partners and allies around the world. That is why I will continue to  fight against the same outrageous and extreme social policy provisions  included by Republicans in this year's Defense Appropriations Act that  would result in deterring the American public from raising their hand  to serve.   This legislation temporarily extends the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Act (FISA) 702 authorization. I am supportive of reforms  to Section 702 to ensure that the civil liberties of American citizens  are protected, and Congress must consider the merits of bills on FISA  reform that are moving through the House and the Senate right now.  However, the national security risks associated with allowing this  authorization to lapse entirely in a manner of weeks with no  replacement are too grave. It is important that we allow more time for  Congress to understand the sensitive details surrounding this program,  continue constructive debate, and find a compromise solution that finds  a prudent balance that respects individual liberty and protects  national security.   I am strongly supportive of this NDAA's ironclad commitment to our  allies and partners at a time when geopolitical events increasingly  test America's resolve and unity. This legislation includes robust  resourcing toward the European and Pacific Deterrence Initiatives, an  extension of the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative, and a  provision that places limits on the President's ability to withdraw the  U,S. from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization pursuant to  Congressional approval. These are all important parts of maintaining  America's security commitments to our fellow democracies in Europe and  in Asia. Of particular significance to our Pacific deterrence efforts,  this legislation elevates our commitment to AUKUS, our tri-lateral  Pacific partnership with Australia and the U.K. Provisions that empower  our Defense and State Departments to streamline resource and  information sharing between these critical allies and measures that  strengthen our collective defense industrial capacity all embrace the  recognition that we are stronger together in these endeavors than  alone.   Also notable is how this bill takes care of our service members and  their families. This NDAA continues our commitment to invest in our  most important resource in our nation's defense arsenal--our people.  The compromise supports the administration's proposed 5.2% pay raise  for service members, strengthens the civilian workforce, and supports  military spouses and families with additional authorized investments in  housing, childcare, career opportunities, health care, and other  quality of life needs.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation is not perfect and there are provisions  in it that I disagree with. But no compromise is perfect. This  legislation is significantly improved from the Republican bill that  passed this body in July, which would have been a disaster for our  national security and our troops if it had been enacted.   I will support the conference agreement.   