 Mr. Speaker, I have been at the border. I have  seen the sadness and faint hope in the faces of the children seeking  asylum. Imagine the desperation a mother must feel sending a child  across a treacherous path to seek asylum in the United States.   It reminds me of another refugee, a mother who knew that if she did  not send her child away, he would surely be killed. She placed her baby  in a raft and sent him across the river.   It was the Nile River. The baby was Moses.   Mr. Speaker, the bill we are taking up today would take away  important asylum paths for children. I call upon my colleagues to  remember the story of Moses, to remember the humanity that must be a  guiding principle for the United States in our asylum laws.   Our immigration system is surely broken. H.R. 2, though, does not fix  it. Republicans, instead, are creating more chaos. Republicans are  creating more chaos at the border. Chaos, not humanity, appears to be  their guiding principle.   This bill destroys the asylum seekers, wrecks our agricultural  economy, and fails to address the flow of fentanyl into our  communities. H.R. 2 even punishes those heroic nonprofits who work to  serve the vulnerable asylum seekers.   Mr. Speaker, in the Rules Committee early this morning, I presented  amendments from members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus that would  increase security, keep fentanyl and other deadly drugs off our  streets, and protect military families.    Republicans voted against funding our fight against fentanyl. They  refused any amendments to be heard on the floor today that we would  have discussed last night.   Mr. Speaker, we do not have enough farmworkers to harvest our crops  or in New Mexico to grow our world-renowned green chile. The provisions  in this bill are bad for farmers, ranchers, and for our agricultural  economy.   Instead of destroying our agricultural economy, let's pass the Farm  Workforce Modernization Act. Instead of denying our students what they  need, let's pass the American Dream and Promise Act.   These bipartisan bills would grow our economy. Let's work together to  fix our immigration system.   