 Mr. Speaker, I am thankful for my sister in service  here, my indefatigable colleague from Wisconsin, who leads on so many  issues of consequence, especially in the space of anti-poverty, the  stabilization of family, and women's health. I appreciate her.   I am so glad that we could take the time to pay tribute to the women  who have come before us who have kicked open doors, broken ceilings,  powered movements, blazed a trail, been role models, mentored us by  their example, and more intentionally poured into us, if we had the  privilege to serve alongside them. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Moore as  well for her sisterhood and her mentorship.   Mr. Speaker, neither my mother, Sandy, or my father, Martin, raised  me to ask permission to lead. I do believe that a parent is a child's  first and best teacher. Instead of traditional bedtime stories of  princes and knights in shining armor, my mother read me the powerful  speeches of Black Congresswomen like Barbara Jordan and Shirley  Chisholm.   Since my formative years, I have felt this soul tie to Shirley  Chisholm, long before my work led me to this Chamber. In fact, my first  office here as a freshman in the 116th Congress was formerly Shirley  Chisholm's office.   Not only was Shirley--and I don't say that to be anyway disrespectful  by not referring to her as a Congresswoman--but she is, in fact, so  iconic that you can just say her first name and it is clear who you are  talking about. Not only was Shirley a first, the first Black woman  elected to the House of Representatives, she was disruptive, she was  brave, she was a trailblazer, in fighting injustice she was an  inspiration.   Very often, iconic leaders can be singularly defined by one great  speech and some powerful quotes. I think it is tempting to do that with  Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, but it would be a disservice to do so.   While certainly she was the first Black woman elected to Congress,  the first Black woman to pursue the U.S. Presidency, let the record  reflect that Shirley Chisholm was an effective legislator in her own  right, serving here for seven terms.   She was the daughter of immigrants from Barbados and Guiana. She has  blazed the trail for every Black woman in this body, including myself  today, as the first person of color and the first Black woman to ever  represent the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the U.S. House of  Representatives.   Everyone, including Vice President Kamala Harris, owes her a debt of  gratitude. Her contributions go well beyond that. During her time in  these sacred Halls of power, Shirley played a critical role in  advancing policies that support our most vulnerable and marginalized  communities.   As a member of the Agricultural Committee, Shirley was pivotal in  enacting the SNAP program, which helps feed over 42 million people each  year. She was also one of 13 founding members in 1971 of the  Congressional Black Caucus, which today boasts its largest membership  in history. She was also a founding member of the National Women's  Political Caucus.   Everyone wants to be a part of something when it is already  established, but it takes a certain kind of grit, vision, and  determination to be the founder of something. Shirley was both a  visionary and a doer, and tenacious in the actualization of these  caucuses, which live on today.   Shirley Chisholm was a forceful champion for the equal rights  amendment, a cause I am honored to lead, in partnership with my  colleagues and movement allies in the House today.   In her words, in the words of Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, spoken  [[Page H1399]]  right here in the people's House, she said of the ERA: ``It provides a  legal basis for attack on the most subtle, most pervasive, and most  institutionalized form of prejudice that exists. Discrimination against  women, solely on the bases of their sex, is so widespread that it seems  to many persons normal, natural, and right.''   Mr. Speaker, Black women like Shirley Chisholm have done the work of  preserving and defending our democracy for centuries, but for far too  often our contributions are ignored, erased, or rendered a footnote in  history. It is not lost on me that the first time the ERA was put  forward, women of color were not even part of the conversation.   Today, there will be no erasure. We stand on the shoulders of folks  like Shirley Chisholm, leading a multiracial, intergenerational  coalition to advance this priority.   Mr. Speaker, when asked how she wanted to be remembered, Shirley  Chisholm said she wanted to be remembered as a Black woman who lived in  the 20th century and dared to be herself--a catalyst for change.   Today, during Women's History Month and every month, we honor women  like Shirley, we follow in their footsteps, and we continue running,  winning, leading, legislating, and taking up all the space with our  full authentic selves, just as Shirley taught us.   May she rest in peace and power. Happy Women's History Month.   