 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the  nomination of Michael Whitaker to be the Administrator of the Federal  Aviation Administration. Last week, the Commerce Committee unanimously  advanced Mr. Whitaker to the Senate floor, and this resounding  bipartisan approval is in addition to the broad support that Mr.  Whitaker has received from the private sector. He has the support of  the aviation workforce, pilots, flight attendants, machinists, air  traffic controllers, and safety specialists at the FAA.   Aviation safety advocates like the 737 MAX crash families have called  Mr. Whitaker a ``strong leader'' for the FAA with the ``ability [to]  restore public trust and confidence in its oversight and safety  standards.''   The conclusion is clear, Mr. Whitaker is the right person to lead the  FAA. And America's chief aviation regulator has a critical mission:  protect the safety of the flying public.  [[Page S5131]]    Each day, 44,000 FAA employees oversee the safety of 25,000 daily  commercial flights, 2.5 million travelers, and over 5,500 airports.   These Agencies set the safety standards for aerospace manufacturing,  and safety starts at the top with the Administrator. America's safety  system is under stress, given the changes to FAA and the innovation  that we are seeing in new technology. We have challenges in the post- pandemic rebound of air travel and making sure that we have a  workforce.   And the FAA's workforce, I know that Mr. Whitaker, in his  confirmation hearing, committed to making this a No. 1 priority: build  a strong safety culture, attract new talent, and keep pace with  technology transformation.   Mr. Whitaker must build an organization that meets the challenges of  incorporating new users and technologies like drones and advanced air  mobility, electric propulsion, commercial space, and just the continued  growth of the busy aviation aerospace around the globe.   Among the most pressing problems is addressing air traffic controller  hiring and training, and Mr. Whitaker has stated this will also be a  top priority.   Finally, the FAA must be among the global leaders in aviation safety.  Mr. Whitaker must work internationally at the International Civil  Aviation Organization, ICAO, and through bilateral partnerships to lift  the baseline for aviation safety regulation throughout the world.   This work of rebuilding leadership starts here at the FAA, and he is  committed to implementing the critical safety reforms that were part of  the Aircraft Certification, Safety, and Accountability Act. These are  strong challenges, but no doubt this Administrator can meet those  challenges and live up to these commitments.   I am confident that Mr. Whitaker's abilities will make sure that this  legislation is fully implemented.   In addition, yesterday, the President of the United States and the  Secretary of Commerce announced a series of tech hubs in response to  the legislation that we passed, the CHIPS and Science Act. I know the  Presiding Officer, I think, is pretty happy about that because I think  one of those tech hubs was in his State. And certainly there was one in  Washington that is really about the next generation of advanced  materials in aviation.   The designation made possible by CHIPS and Science is to think about  lab-to-market testbeds on thermoplastic composite fabrication equipment  and help the United States stay in a leadership position in the next  generation of aerospace workforce.   The United States leads in ideas, but we don't always lead in the  implementation of the innovation, particularly at a time where now  everyone, in an internet age, is reading about our innovations and  trying to implement the same things.   The tech hub idea can leverage a lot of ideas across the United  States and help translate the science faster into real application and  real competitiveness for our Nation and grow jobs and help grow  actually rising incomes in various parts of our country as well.   The tech hub, in this instance, in the aerospace ecosystem where we  have millions of people employed nationally and we have leading  institutions that are doing aviation research--we need to show that  innovation can move beyond just where we are today on composites but on  next-generation research that then gets translated to the workforce and  the skilling of the workforce.   This means creating more patents, translating discoveries, and  keeping U.S. manufacturing competitive. I know that many of my  colleagues here in the Senate were very pleased to hear this  announcement by the President and the Secretary of Commerce.   With over 30 years of diverse experience in these issues, like  aviation, Mr. Whitaker will be able to help, I think, in this next- generation aviation technology: thermoplastics.   This is also important for our space companies that want to get into  a more rapid production of thermoplastic piece part production, and I  think this kind of R&D alliance will help for the future.   So I thank our colleagues for the time today. I hope they will  support Mr. Whitaker. I hope that we will move quickly on this  nomination, and I hope that it will give us a chance to have an FAA  Administrator who will also help us move quickly to resolve the FAA  authorization issues and get that authorization before both bodies  before the end of the year.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   