 Well, Mr. President, thank you to my colleague Senator  Booker for that kind introduction and as important, if not more, for  his great comments about the importance of the Affordable Care Act to  our constituents, to our communities, to our State, to our country, to  the cause of human dignity.   I rise today to join my colleagues in commemorating the passage of  the Affordable Care Act 13 years ago. I am so grateful to be here not  only with Senator Booker but Senator Wyden and Senator Casey and  grateful for their advocacy and their efforts to really help people  understand the difference that this law has made for the people of our  country.   I want to take a moment to discuss the difference that this law has  made for the people in New Hampshire. I also want to build on what  Senator Booker just talked about by talking about the growing  bipartisan support for Medicaid expansion and how that shows just how  much we can accomplish when we put politics aside and we work together.  It also shows the urgent need that we have for remaining States to  follow New Hampshire's bipartisan example and adopt Medicaid expansion.   The Affordable Care Act, and Medicaid expansion in particular, has  done more to improve the health of the people of our country than any  law passed in the last 50 years. This law was based on a simple  proposition that when everyone has access to quality, affordable care,  our country is stronger and our people are more free.   Our people are more free because, as the adage goes, when you have  your health, you have everything.   We do not fully appreciate these words until we or someone we love  falls ill. Facing health challenges is never easy, but it is easy to  forget how much more daunting they used to be before the Affordable  Care Act.   Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, millions of Americans now have the  freedom and peace of mind of knowing that they will not be denied  access to affordable healthcare, even if they lose their job or have a  preexisting condition. For too long, many Americans had to pay  painfully high premiums or were even denied coverage altogether just  because they had a preexisting  [[Page S879]]  condition. These conditions range from diseases like cancer and  diabetes to pregnancy or asthma. Often, people with these conditions  are the very people who need care the most.    No matter your political party, all of us should be united in  celebrating that the days of denying someone coverage on account of a  preexisting condition have ended.   Granite Staters know the difference that the Affordable Care Act has  made. As Governor, I led the effort to get Medicaid expansion done,  signing it into law in March of 2014. Only a handful of months later,  the plan was implemented, thanks to extraordinary work by the employees  of our State's Department of Health and Human Services.   Medicaid expansion has made an incredible difference for tens of  thousands of Granite Staters. Medicaid expansion has made our people  healthier and our workforce stronger. Since 2014, the uninsured rate in  New Hampshire fell by over 40 percent. More than 200,000 Granite  Staters have participated in expanded Medicaid.   All of us in this Chamber have entered public service with the hope  that we will help our communities and our country. Make no mistake,  behind these statistics, and similar statistics for other States, are  countless stories of people whose lives were transformed or even saved  by the law.   For many, it made their families more financially secure. For others,  it allowed them to address longstanding health challenges that  prevented them from participating in the workforce.   I want to share one of these stories. The Affordable Care Act has  made a great difference for people struggling with addiction and  substance misuse. Some may not know this, but in many States, Medicaid  expansion marked the first time that substance misuse treatment was  covered by Medicaid. This is particularly important for a State like  New Hampshire, which has been hit hard by the substance misuse crisis.   Whenever I talk about expanding Medicaid, one of the first people I  think of is a woman I met in Manchester named Ashley. For nearly a  decade, Ashley struggled with heroin addiction. At one point, she was  arrested, and eventually her then-husband overdosed, but that was not  the end of Ashley's story.   In 2016, she became one of the tens of thousands of Granite Staters  who have received substance misuse or mental health treatment covered  by New Hampshire's Medicaid expansion. She went into recovery, found  work, and has rebuilt her life. Ashley now works for a recovery  community organization, helping others get the help and support that  they need. None of this would have been possible without Ashley's  strength and perseverance or if we failed to expand Medicaid.   Ashley's story is a reminder of why Medicaid expansion matters for so  many Americans. It has helped countless people get the care that they  need to be healthy, have a job, and participate in their communities.   The benefits of expanded Medicaid for people like Ashley is, in part,  why Medicaid expansion has gained bipartisan support over the last  decade. Even when partisan politicians have been slow to act, voters  from both parties have come together and pushed Medicaid expansion  forward.   Just last November, voters in South Dakota voted to expand Medicaid.  They were the latest in a long line of Republican-led States whose  voters went to the polls and passed Medicaid expansion, including  Nebraska, Oklahoma, Idaho, and Utah. These ballot initiatives only  passed because voters from both parties stood together, and we can  learn from their example.   This growing bipartisan consensus is an example of our capacity to  solve problems when we work together. This has certainly been true in  my own State.   It was not that long ago that Medicaid expansion was at the center of  our most polarizing, partisan debates. I know because I was in the  middle of them as Governor. The debates were long, and the negotiations  tough, with a divided State legislature. But, ultimately, we adopted  bipartisan Medicaid expansion in New Hampshire. By listening to each  other and finding ways to work together, we were able to put people's  health ahead of politics and get it done.   Just recently, the New Hampshire Republican-controlled State Senate  voted unanimously to support reauthorizing the expanded Medicaid  Program. What was once a political lightning rod is now an essential  part of our public healthcare system.   It has also strengthened both our economy and our workforce. Workers  are more secure in seeking new and better jobs, knowing that if they  have to switch insurance plans, they will not be denied coverage on  account of a preexisting condition.   And people who couldn't get healthcare for a medical condition and,  in turn, couldn't work because of their condition, can now get health  insurance, get the treatment that they need, and join the workforce.   In short, this law has become a fundamental part of our State's  promise to do right by Granite Staters.   New Hampshire's bipartisan Medicaid expansion as well as the  bipartisan efforts in other States are an important reminder of what we  can accomplish when we work together. When we take the politics out of  an issue, when we care more about whether an idea is good rather than  whether it is red or blue, we can accomplish tremendous things. We can  make our country a better place because, ultimately, the Affordable  Care Act was nothing less than a step forward for the cause of human  dignity and freedom.   To be sure, there is much more work we need to do to improve the  quality and affordability of healthcare, and I welcome my colleagues to  join me in bipartisan efforts to do just that.   Having listened to my colleague Senator Casey just a few minutes ago,  I want to note my agreement with him that cutting Medicaid or repealing  the Affordable Care Act are not measures that will meet that goal.   I also urge Governors and legislators in the remaining States that  have not expanded Medicaid to follow the bipartisan example that New  Hampshire and other States have set. Look at the difference it has made  in my State and in States across the country. This is an effort that  has the support of majorities in both parties and should unite all  Americans.    Thank you to everyone in this body and in legislatures across the  country who made the Affordable Care Act and Medicaid expansion a  reality. I sincerely hope that we bring the same bipartisan commitment  that Medicaid expansion enjoys now to tackle future challenges, because  today is a reminder that, when we leave partisan debates in the past  and find ways to work together, we can build a country that is stronger  and more free.   With that, Mr. President, I am very proud and grateful to yield the  floor to my colleague Senator Wyden, who has been such an extraordinary  leader in improving and expanding access to healthcare and dignity for  all Americans. Thank you.   I yield the floor.   