 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment 49, which would  require that all documents and correspondence of the Countering  Extremism Working Group are provided to the Select Subcommittee on the  Weaponization of the Federal Government and the Committee on Armed  Services.   I am offering this amendment to build upon a larger concept and theme  within the House NDAA this year, ending the politicization and  weaponization of the DOD.   I am proud to stand with my colleagues here in the House and fight  for an NDAA which is focused on warfighting, readiness, and lethality  and for an NDAA which conducts meaningful oversight into the political  issues which have infiltrated the DOD in recent years.   Through our work on the Judiciary Committee and on the Select  Subcommittee on the Weaponization of the Federal Government, we have  discovered that rampant abuse of power is not confined to one agency or  department, nor is it limited to one subject area.   In the wake of a partisan political persecution spurred by the events  on January 6, extremism or domestic violence extremism has been  misconstrued to include a wider group of individuals to serve as a  predicate for State surveillance, invasion of privacy, and in some  instances, deprivation of rights.   We first uncovered this within the DOJ with the padding of DVE crime  statistics, which was done to support the political statements of  policymakers.   In my first 7 months in Congress, I have had the opportunity to  uncover some of these abuses. However, there are some legacy issues  which date back to before my time in Congress, to a time when true  oversight for the purpose of the protection of the rights of Americans  took a back seat to the politicization agenda of some influential  leaders on the other side of the aisle.   One such issue was other potential abuses of extremism in the  government, including in the DOD Countering Extremism Working Group.   My amendment would ensure that both committees receive documentation  from the DOD about the work done in the Countering Extremism Working  Group so we can provide proper oversight.   I hope there is nothing there. I hope we find that the DOD abused no  serviceman or -woman's rights and that this was an exercise in  legitimately protecting their own force.   Without confirming this through the evidence, I cannot trust that the  Biden administration and the DOD Under Secretary Austin did the right  thing simply because they have failed to earn the trust of the American  people due to routine exposure of wrongdoing and abuse.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, this bill is nothing more than related to  transparency and oversight. We have had FBI whistleblowers who have  testified before the judiciary and the select committee as to how the  FBI is padding its DVE statistics.   We want to ensure that the Countering Extremism Working Group is not  just another way in which our government has been weaponized against  the American people.   What I cannot understand is why any Democrat would oppose  transparency and good government. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, again, this bill is about transparency and  oversight. We all support our troops. This isn't about not supporting  our troops. This is about ensuring that the Countering Extremism  Working Group has not been politicized; nothing more and nothing less.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I would note for the record that the  gentleman on the other side just slandered the men and women in  service, in uniform, by making the accusations that he has.   Again, what I am talking about here is simply providing us with the  documentation. This isn't about interfering in the work that the  working group has done. It is simply to oversee and make sure that that  particular working group is not being weaponized against our men and  women in service.   As I said, we may not find anything at all. They may have done  exactly what they were required to do, but at the same time, there is  nothing wrong with this body overseeing and ensuring that these types  of groups are operating the way that they should.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, the word of the day is transparency. Any  group that is within the Department of Defense we should have oversight  of, and that is all that this bill does.   I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   