 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this  misinformed attempt by our Republican colleagues to deny some needed  financial relief to about 43 million Americans.   Education is the best investment we can make to give everyone the  opportunity to be successful in school and in life. In this Congress,  we have repeatedly seen how willing our colleagues on the other side of  the aisle are to put politics over people and special interests over  students. This CRA is no different.   Facts matter. Let's set the record straight. President Biden's loan  forgiveness plan helps a lot of borrowers with debt but no degree. Many  were borrowers who were defrauded by their schools or who had to take  on other responsibilities and couldn't complete their education.   The President's plan directs 90 percent--let me repeat--90 percent of  relief to borrowers earning less than $75,000 per year. This may be  news to my colleagues who continue to misrepresent that student debt  relief will be a bailout for the rich. It is not.   Another fact. Because of interest capitalization and negative  amortization, many student loan borrowers who are current on their  payments still have loan balances that are the same as or even greater  than when they first took out their loan. That is unfair.   Beyond the numbers, we must humanize who will be hurt the most if we  allow this CRA to pass:   Our Nation's teachers in red and blue districts who work with  students every day; healthcare workers and first responders in red and  blue districts who keep our communities safe and healthy; caregivers in  red and blue districts who support the work of raising and sustaining  families; and our Nation's small business owners in red and blue  districts who make communities vibrant and unique.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to show some humanity, compassion,  and empathy. Let's pass good-faith policies that make college more  affordable and recognize the intrinsic value of opportunity and  possibility in every American.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this  regressive resolution that will harm people in Oregon and across the  country.   