 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of  Representative Wilson of South Carolina and my bipartisan amendment  supporting efforts to modernize personal equipment for female  servicemembers and small-statured servicemembers.   Twenty percent of our servicemembers are women serving our Nation. It  is alarming, Mr. Chair, that, according to a new Army report, nearly  half of female servicemembers in the Army Special Operations Command  have trouble accessing and acquiring equipment that is the right size  for them.   Imagine one of these warriors are in the battlefield, they are facing  an enemy combatant, and their ill-fitting body armor prevents them from  proper use of their rifle. That puts them at severe risk for harm and  prevents them from executing their duty.   There is no excuse for not giving these patriots the equipment and  tools to allow them to do their job safely and effectively. Our  military women, they leave their families, they train hard, and are  willing to risk their lives to defend our freedom. We need to do a  better job to stand up for theirs.   I urge my colleagues to join me and my friend Representative Wilson  of South Carolina in a bipartisan amendment to make sure that all our  servicemembers have the equipment that they need to keep them safe and  do their job effectively.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my  bipartisan amendment supporting the Department of Homeland Security  implementation of the Women, Peace, and Security Act, which was passed  in 2017.   Relevant to our debate today, that bill recognizes that women bear  the brunt of harm during disasters, and importantly, they can play an  essential role in responding and preventing them.   Whether it is a hurricane, a flood, a fire, a refugee seeking asylum,  evidence shows that women are more often vulnerable during disasters  and crises that the Department responds to, and sadly, there is more  gender-based violence and often more responsibility for care put on  women to provide for their families.  [[Page H4646]]    Our amendment ensures that gender perspectives are included in DHS'  responses to crises to ensure that the needs of women and their  families are met, they have the resources they need to recover, and  ensure that DHS is taking steps to prevent these outcomes in the first  place.   It also recognizes the impact of women's participation. The amendment  supports efforts to increase the number of women in law enforcement,  senior DHS leadership, including staffing, programming, research, and  department-wide training.   When women are at the table where decisions are made and on the  ground to prevent and respond to disasters, outcomes are better for  women and for their communities.   