 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to  6 minutes.    Mr. President, I rise today as the ranking member of the  Senate's Small Business Committee in opposition to the President's  nomination for Mr. Dilawar Syed to serve as the Deputy Administrator of  the U.S. Small Business Administration.   The Deputy Administrator is often referred to as the COO of the SBA,  with the critical job of overseeing the day-to-day operations of the  Agency. From addressing fraud and recouping funds to improving the  Agency's responsiveness, to ensuring small businesses are not drowning  in unnecessary redtape, there is a lot of work that needs to be done to  improve the SBA's most basic functions. Unfortunately, following Mr.  Syed's appearance before the Small Business Committee, I do not believe  he is the right person for the job.   This nomination was delayed last Congress due to the nominee's  failure to voluntarily disclose his company's PPP and EIDL loans from  the SBA.   As the nominee to help lead the Agency responsible for small business  pandemic relief funding, I believe Mr. Syed should have been  forthcoming in disclosing his interest in an SBA program.  Unfortunately, there were false statements and errors in the  applications and disclosures signed by Mr. Syed on behalf of his  company, which further delayed the committee's consideration of his  nomination. The lack of transparency and the resistance in providing  requested information to the committee do not inspire confidence that  he will be transparent and forthcoming with Congress about the SBA's  programs and ongoing challenges.   Based on the track record of this nominee, it is not clear he would  reverse the SBA's failure to give committee members details on key  policy matters squarely in the committee's jurisdiction. The Agency's  continued lack of responsiveness under the Biden administration is a  key part of why I stand before you in opposition of this nominee.   I recently questioned Mr. Syed on whether he believes that  overregulation stifles innovation and entrepreneurship. He could not  give me a direct answer. This is unacceptable to Iowa's entrepreneurs,  who are struggling in Biden's economy and drowning in ever-changing  regulations. As I am crisscrossing Iowa, small businesses continuously  list Washington redtape and regulation as a top issue keeping them from  growing and, in too many cases, simply surviving.    I am not convinced Mr. Syed is ready and willing to change the SBA's  culture and bring much-needed accountability to the Agency. It is  estimated by the investigative community that there is more than $100  billion in suspected fraud in PPP and EIDL. Addressing this abuse by  holding individuals accountable and recovering taxpayer dollars  provided to ineligible businesses must be a top priority for this  Agency. I have received commitments from Mr. Syed that he would make  every effort on fraud recovery and prevention. He also informed me that  he believed SBA Administrator Guzman is prioritizing fraud prevention.   But the reality is that the SBA decided not to pursue borrowers with  unpaid loans less than $100,000, giving them a free pass.   Should Syed be confirmed, I will hold him accountable to his  commitment and ensure that the Agency is taking a larger role in  administrative recoveries. Further, should Mr. Syed be confirmed today,  I urge him to do all he can to protect the integrity of the 7(a) loan  program at all costs.   Recently, the SBA finalized two lending rules that, if not addressed,  would pose serious risks to the long-term health of SBA's lending  programs, create predatory underwriting standards, and enable the same  fintech companies that were responsible for fueling rampant PPP fraud  to participate in this critical program. This, too, is unacceptable.   I joined Chairman Cardin, House Small Business Chairman Roger  Williams, and Ranking Member Velazquez in asking the SBA to pause on  implementation of these proposed rules until a permanent leader was in  place for the Office of Capital Access. The Administrator didn't even  have the courtesy to respond to our letter before plowing ahead and  opening up the application period for new fintech firms.   Based on our experience with Mr. Syed over the past 2\1/2\ years  while his nomination has been under consideration, he has resisted full  transparency at every turn. Unfortunately, all evidence suggests that  he will just be more of the same ongoing problem as part of the  leadership team at the SBA.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   