 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, for decades, the United States and our allies have  harbored grave concerns regarding Iran's ballistic missile program.  Leading among those concerns is the fear that they are being developed  to one day deploy a nuclear warhead. However, we have also experienced  Iran's short- and medium-range missiles that pose a direct and deadly  threat to American forces in the region and the territories of numerous  allies and partners.   Iran currently has more than 3,000 ballistic missiles in its  stockpile. In recent years, despite international pressure, these  missiles have achieved a much greater range and accuracy. Iran has also  supplied precision-guided missiles and drones to proxies in Lebanon and  Syria. Iran's growing missile capabilities could one day allow it to  threaten Europe and the United States' mainland directly.   Without a doubt, it is in the interest of the United States to  prevent Iran from further expanding its missile capabilities. Today,  global sanctions are in place which aim to limit Iran's missile  program. They are found in the U.N. Security Council Resolution 2231,  and unfortunately, they are set to expire in October of 2023. Russia  and China's presence on the Security Council has made it impossible to  negotiate an extension of these multilateral sanctions.   Mr. Speaker, in October, when the U.N. regulations expire, Iran would  be free in the eyes of the U.N. to develop nuclear weapon delivery  systems, including ICBMs that could reach the United States homeland.  Let's be clear. Iran has never abided by the missile restrictions  outlined in the Security  [[Page H4242]]  Council resolution, but when the sanctions expire, it would open the  door for Iran to advance its missile program by utilizing technologies  more freely from around the world.   Upon expiration of the sanctions, Iranian leaders will immediately  gain access to items it cannot easily acquire domestically, such as  gyroscopes, sensors, and numerous other sophisticated components  necessary for modern ballistic missiles. Upon securing these  technologies from abroad, Iran could begin to reverse engineer them and  begin domestic production as it has done in the past.   That is why, together with our allies, we must act. I applaud the  European Union for telling Iran they plan to retain their own EU,  European Union, ballistic missile sanctions set to expire in October.  Today we want to send Iran the message that the United States intends  to do the same.   That is why we are considering this bipartisan legislation introduced  by Chairman McCaul that imposes mandatory property blocking and visa  sanctions on anyone involved in the supply, sale, or transfer of or  support for Iran's missiles and drones. The legislation also requires  the executive branch to submit a report on the Iranian missiles and  drones to Congress, specifically outlining their strategy to counter  this menace.   Mr. Speaker, there is near-global consensus that Iran should not be  allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon or the missile that could help them  carry one. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this important  bipartisan legislation.   Therefore, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this  measure. I thank Mr. McCaul and Ranking Member Meeks, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume for the purpose of closing.   The threat of Iranian missiles and drones is real. The clock is  ticking, and Congress, the United States Government, and the world at  large needs to act. This bill is an important measure to prevent Iran  from being able to acquire more sophisticated technology as a result of  the expiring sanctions.   I thank Chairman McCaul and Ranking Member Meeks for introducing this  legislation, and I strongly urge my colleagues to support this measure.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, there is no debate in Congress about the nature of the  Iranian Government. The Supreme Leader of Iran murders, tortures, and  abuses his own people. He denies Iranian citizens freedom and  democracy. He guides proxy forces meant to destabilize numerous  regional countries. He has threatened to wipe Israel off the map, and  he is developing a nuclear program that has stockpiled enough highly  enriched uranium for several nuclear warheads. I believe there must be  costs associated with this behavior, and the United States is  delivering those costs.   The Mahsa Amini Human Rights and Security Accountability Act, or the  MAHSA Act, is a bill that would require the President of the United  States to determine whether high-ranking officials of the Islamic  Republic regime in Iran should be listed under existing U.S. sanctions  for human rights abuses and support of terrorism. If an Iranian person  or entity is found to meet these criteria, the legislation strongly  encourages the executive branch to sanction that person or entity to  the fullest extent of the law.   Foreign Affairs Committee Democrats understand the despicable nature  of Iran's Supreme Leader and his regime and the need to hold them  accountable. The Supreme Leader is currently sanctioned under executive  order 13876 which blocks the property of the Supreme Leader and his  office, as well as persons determined to have provided material support  to the Supreme Leader or his office.   As of April 20, 2023, 112 persons have been designated for sanctions  pursuant to this order--75 entities, 36 individuals, and one vessel.   Some of these designations were made by the Trump administration, and  some have been made by the Biden administration. The Supreme Leader is  fully cut off from the American financial system and is not allowed to  travel to the United States.   Mr. Speaker, it is worth noting that other prominent Iranian leaders  currently under strict American sanctions include President Raisi, two  of Iran's vice presidents, and seven cabinet ministers, including the  Ministers of Communication, Culture, Defense, Intelligence, Interior,  and Petroleum. Companies and subsidiaries tied to the Supreme Leader in  the sectors of energy, textiles, mining, chemicals, and financial  services are all under strict sanctions.   Let me be clear: there are more sanctions on the Supreme Leader and  his cronies today than there were 1\1/2\ years ago. Applying maximum  pressure on the Supreme Leader is an entirely bipartisan priority. We  must always do more. Enforcement can be tighter. Legislation with  transparency mechanisms such as the MAHSA Act provide value to the  Congress and our Iran policy oversight efforts.   During committee consideration of the MAHSA Act, I voted to move the  bill to the floor despite having reservations that the text as  currently drafted could damage national security waivers found in the  underlying statute. Though the bill improved throughout the  negotiations process with the majority, an amendment was offered, which  was adopted over the committee Democrats' objections, that undermines  some of the progress we achieved before markup.   During a future conference process with the Senate, we want to assure  this legislative text will not harm any President's ability to adjust  any potential national security event vis-a-vis Iran, including  addressing the nuclear issue. We also hope to streamline the reporting  requirements to make them feasible for OFAC and the Treasury Department  to deliver to Congress.   We look forward to continuing to work in a bipartisan manner on  crafting a final bill that continues to put pressure on the Supreme  Leader of Iran and those who support his nefarious efforts. In the  meantime, I will vote to advance the current draft from the House in  order to prepare for negotiations with the Senate.   Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting  this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Doggett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume for the purpose of closing.   Mr. Speaker, I will vote in support of this measure as it is crucial  that we continue to pressure the Supreme Leader of Iran and his cronies  and enablers, but I look forward to further refining the text with our  Senate colleagues to make this the best bill possible.   Mr. Speaker, I also note that I join Chairman McCaul and  Representative Doggett in acknowledging that it has been nearly 1 year  since the tragic death of 22-year-old Mahsa Amini. We will always  remember her global impact not just for the girls and women of Iran,  but for girls and women all over the world.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.  Res. 492, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, while the Congress is rightly concerned about Iran's  nefarious nuclear program, its missile proliferation, and its  destabilizing activities around the globe, we cannot forget those who  continue to struggle for religious freedom and democracy in Iran.   Iran's Baha'i community has long been the target of severe religious  persecution by the Iranian regime. Much of its informal leadership has  been arrested and many members of the community executed. The Baha'i  are not permitted to practice their religion and culture. Their  marriages are not recognized, their dead cannot be buried according to  Baha'i law, and their cemeteries are desecrated.   In addition, the Baha'i are denied government jobs and business  licenses. They are not permitted to enroll in public universities and  Baha'i schoolchildren are frequently harassed by classmates, teachers,  and administrators.   No human being deserves this type of treatment and certainly not at  the hands of their government. As has been noted in this House in the  past, the social teaching of the Baha'i faith, such as the equality of  women and men, and the principle of each individual's responsibility to  investigate the truth, are impossible for theocratic leaders of Iran to  comprehend; yet, these are universal values, human values, and they  must be protected.   Mr. Speaker, the United States and the international community cannot  and will not ignore the systematic and violent attacks against the  Iranian Baha'i community, and Tehran must be held accountable.   By passing this resolution, once again, we continue to shine a light  on the persecution of the Baha'i, and hopefully move us one step closer  to the day that true freedom reaches Iran.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this  measure, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume for the purpose of closing.   Mr. Speaker, the House of Representatives has passed this resolution  in previous Congresses. We will pass this resolution today, and, if  needed, we will pass this resolution again in the future.   We stand in solidarity with the persecuted Baha'i minority in Iran  and demand the Iranian Government end its intolerable persecution of  their people and religion.   Mr. Speaker, I urge unanimous passage of this resolution, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   