 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to reduce  the salary of Karine Jean-Pierre, the White House Press Secretary, to  $1.   Mr. Chair, during Ms. Jean-Pierre's tenure as press secretary, she  has repeatedly lied to the American people and acted in a condescending  manner toward reporters, and she has also violated the Hatch Act.   Just to name a few of her lies, Ms. Jean-Pierre has claimed that  illegal immigration is down under the Biden administration. She also  claimed that nobody is just walking in across the southern border.   She also claimed that the 2016 election was stolen. She also claimed  that Governor Brian Kemp stole the 2018 Governor race from Stacey  Abrams. She also claimed that the Biden stimulus bill did not impact  inflation. She also claimed critical race theory or its equivalent  isn't being taught in our schools. She also claimed that nobody has  done more for the southern border or our border in general than Joe  Biden.   Mr. Chair, how can somebody with such a history of deceit continue to  serve as the liaison for the President and the American people?   The American people should not be forced to pay the salary of an  individual who dispenses bold-faced lies to the American people while  they foot the bill.   Ms. Jean-Pierre also has a history of anti-Semitic and anti-Zionist  rhetoric.   For example, she called AIPAC racist and Islamophobic for supporting  Israel. She wrote an op-ed that pro-Israel policies and values are not  progressive values, which I think many of my Democratic colleagues even  would contest.   Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support this commonsense  amendment to use the Holman rule to reduce the White House Press  Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre's salary to $1.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I respect the views of the gentleman in  opposition. However, the American taxpayers are beleaguered now with  inflation and with high energy costs, and dispensing lies from the  White House--our own White House--from the press secretary knowingly is  not something that the American people should tolerate or have to pay  for, quite honestly.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, inflammatory language comes out of Karine  Jean-Pierre. In fact, she is an election denier. She claimed that the  election of 2016 was stolen. She claimed that Stacey Abrams actually  beat Governor Brian Kemp in the election of 2018. An election denier is  standing at the podium of the White House actually dispensing even more  misinformation to the American people at their expense.  [[Page H5658]]    Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my amendment to prohibit  any funding to finalize, implement, or enforce the Federal Acquisition  Regulation Council's proposed ``Federal Acquisition Regulation:  Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Climate-Related Financial  Risk'' rule.   Mr. Chair, this disastrous rule proposed by the Federal Acquisition  Regulation Council has numerous constitutional, national security, and  practical concerns, none of which have been adequately addressed by the  Federal Acquisition Regulation Council, otherwise known as FAR, nor has  the Council on Environmental Quality done its due diligence. Both  agencies have pushed for this rule in spite of a lack of due diligence.   First and foremost, this rule requires all Federal contractors that  do business of more than $50 million with the Federal Government to  disclose all scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. This includes everything from  emissions produced by the contractor to the emissions produced by mere  office supplies that they buy for their employees.   We debated the ridiculousness of scope 3 emissions earlier, but this  is simply not practical or helpful to the American people. This rule  also seeks to require major Federal contractors to comply with the  Paris climate accords, a flawed deal that has never been ratified by  the Senate. However, the most objectionable part concerning this rule  is the requirement that companies set climate targets and then have  them validated by a company called Science Based Targets initiative, or  SBTi.   SBTi is a foreign--and I emphasize ``foreign''--London-based company,  which inherently has national security concerns. Under this rule, every  major Federal contractor, including companies critical to our national  security, is required to provide this foreign company with information  about all of their scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions and then strategize with  this foreign company about how to reduce them.   Despite the existence of numerous American-based companies that could  fill this same role, the FAR Council and CEQ chose a foreign company as  the named sole-source provider. Why? Because SBTi is nothing but a  front for Democratic donors and Democratic advocacy groups.   SBTi is owned by the We Mean Business Coalition, which is a project  of the New Venture Fund, which is managed by the famous Arabella  Advisors.   Arabella Advisors, for those who do not know, is the George Soros- funded,  [[Page H5659]]  leftwing advocacy group that funnels dark money to leftwing causes and  candidates.   To summarize, the Biden administration has named this subsidiary, one  of their top donor's leftwing dark money organizations, as the sole- source provider for all climate target validating for all major Federal  contractors.   During a hearing in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee on  this rule, even the Democrats' witness said that the SBTi was a poor  choice for this role, yet the Biden administration continues to forge  ahead with this rule anyway.   I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on the  Science, Space, and Technology Committee to get to the bottom of this  rule's suspicious creation, and I continue to urge the committee to  subpoena CEQ Chair Brenda Mallory to answer these concerns so the  American people know why this is continuing.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the concerns about making sure  that we have a cleaner climate. However, the gentleman doesn't talk  about this obvious issue with Arabella Advisors.   Everyone knows this is a dark money group that funds entities that  actually fund donors and is part of the donor class of the Democratic  Party, which is put in a unique position to actually control how we  manage climate and how we deal with these issues with Federal  contractors.   I cited in my initial remarks that this also includes security  issues. These are companies that are now going to have to confer with  suspect foreign entities to talk about these issues and share  information. This is a dangerous precedent.   Not only is it a Democratic donor issue, which is politically charged  and shouldn't be allowed in our rulemaking process or in our  governmental process, but it is also a threat to our security.   Mr. Chair, for those reasons, I urge all of my colleagues to support  this rule. It is a commonsense rule, and it is something that they  would certainly object to if the Republicans had proposed their major  donor base to be in this position on the Federal level and certainly as  part of the Federal bureaucracy in such a critical role.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, with all due respect, this is a mandatory rule  that requires every Federal contractor doing business over $50 million  a year to use this company, a foreign-based company, not an American  company, not a company where we can actually have oversight over it  using our rules.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   