 Mr. Chairman, the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food  and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies appropriations bill cuts  funding for critical programs relied on by America's farmers, rural  communities, and working families. This bill slashes loans and it  weakens support for rural communities.   This bill inserts government into the personal healthcare decisions  by limiting women's access to abortion. Shamefully, it cuts assistance  for the most vulnerable children and families.   That we are debating this bill on September 26, 4 days before the end  of the fiscal year, when House Republicans have provided no path  forward to keep our government open, is as absurd as it is  reprehensible.   The House Republican plan demonstrates an inability and an  unwillingness to govern. Rather than working to keep the lights on and  ensuring Federal workers and servicemembers get paid, Republicans are  pursuing a path explicitly designed to shut down the government.   Republicans will claim to support farmers, but this bill makes it  harder for small farmers to make ends meet. This bill will inflict  increasing energy costs in rural communities, making it harder or  impossible for farmers to get a loan, and making our food less safe.   This bill takes away billions of dollars in investments from rural  communities by gutting funding provided to  [[Page H4508]]  rural electric co-ops used to help support the long-term resiliency,  reliability, and affordability of rural electric systems. These co-ops  serve 92 percent of persistent poverty counties and power to over 21  million businesses, homes, schools, and farms in 48 States.   This bill cuts the Rural Energy for America Program, the REAP  program, by over $500 million. It raises energy costs on 15,000 rural  small businesses, and cuts farmers out of the green energy economy. It  eliminates payments intended to serve as a financial lifeline for  distressed farmers, which have already helped more than 20,000  producers avoid going into foreclosure.   This bill abandons the most vulnerable by slashing the Women,  Infants, and Children, the WIC program, by $800 million. Some 4.6  million women and children would also get severely reduced fruit and  vegetable vouchers.   I do not believe we should practice this so-called fiscal  responsibility by taking food out of the mouths of moms and children.  Republicans seek to sell their spending cuts to the American people by  taking food from the most vulnerable.   Finally, the majority has included shameful political riders in each  of these appropriations bills that attack women and minorities and  pander to various extreme rightwing issues, all while protecting  billionaires and the biggest corporations.   Republicans are determined to make abortion illegal nationally. An  attachment to this bill would reverse the FDA decision to allow  mifepristone to be dispensed in certified pharmacies to patients with a  prescription from a certified prescriber, instead of only in hospitals,  clinics, and medical offices.   Mifepristone has been safely and legally used in the United States by  over 5 million women since the FDA approved its use more than 20 years  ago. This policy would overrule the established scientific process for  FDA approval in order to restrict women's access to healthcare. My  amendment to remove this rider was blocked.   This bill is not serious, but it will, like the majority's shutdown,  have serious consequences that will be borne by the American people.  This bill is shameful, this bill is dangerous, and this bill leaves  rural Americans, farmers, seniors, children, and hungry families  behind.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   