 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have had an opportunity over the  years to work with some extraordinary leaders in our military, but one  of the exceptional leaders whom I have recently come to know and work  with is Gen. Glen D. VanHerck. He is the commander of North American  Aerospace Defense Command--we know it as NORAD--and the U.S. Northern  Command, or USNORTHCOM.   General VanHerck is preparing to retire after more than 36 years of  service to our Nation. As I mentioned, he is an individual whom I have  come to know over the recent years, and I am proud to have been able to  work with him in parts of my career. But I want to ensure that his  distinguished service, which includes successful commands at every  level--as director of the Joint Staff and a long list of U.S. Air Force  assignments, flying the F-15, the F-35, and the B-2--is all reflected  in the Congressional Record.   General VanHerck has led by example and served selflessly throughout  his career. He has always, always thought of the men and women under  his command. He has thought of their families. He has thought of our  future and the world that we all hope to leave for our grandchildren.   I know that General VanHerck and his wife Marilyn are looking forward  to his upcoming retirement, but I would hope that he will continue to  serve in a different way, utilizing his extraordinary expertise and  knowledge.   From August 2020 to November 2023, General VanHerck oversaw the most  robust and dynamic transformation in the history of NORAD and  USNORTHCOM. This transformation enabled the commands to support the  President of the United States and the Prime Minister of Canada while  ensuring the defense of both homelands. His direction singlehandedly  resulted in decisive national and international military operations  that operationalized the commands and shifted from a reactive regional  focus to a more proactive and globally integrated campaigning effort.   General VanHerck has also been instrumental in leading a wide range  of homeland defense operations, including defense efforts against  Russian long-range aviation, North Korean intercontinental ballistic  missiles, and Russian and Chinese out-of-area maritime operations. He  established a clear strategic vision, focus, and priorities, inspiring  consistent operational and organizational excellence throughout  pandemic response operations; Operation Allies Welcome, which supported  over 84,000 Afghan refugees; and the first kinetic engagements of  hostile objects over North America in the whole history of NORAD and  USNORTHCOM.   General VanHerck also led a collaborative effort to focus on homeland  defense, the top priority of the national defense strategy, by adopting  a modernized and integrated deterrence approach toward strategic  competitors. Prioritizing domain awareness, information dominance,  decision superiority, and global integration empowered NORAD and  USNORTHCOM to successfully campaign day to day in competition and will  improve the commands' ability to deter in crisis and defeat, if  necessary, in conflict.   General VanHerck's strategic foresight and collaboration with members  of the highest level of government, both here in the United States as  well as in Canada, guided the commands to look beyond traditional  approaches and customary missions and to examine evolving adversary  actions, capabilities, and intent.   Recognizing an urgent need to advance NORAD and USNORTHCOM's  capabilities to outpace peer competitors and rogue nations, General  VanHerck operationalized the commands, reaffirming their unyielding  commitment to the highest priority mission of homeland defense.   In response to our adversaries' efforts to operate and train in and  through the Arctic region, NORAD executed the northernmost deployment  of fighter and supporting aircraft from forward operating locations in  Northern Canada to Pituffik Space Base in Greenland, formerly known as  Thule.   For its part, USNORTHCOM oversaw Arctic Edge--this is the largest  exercise in Alaska--in 2020, deploying a joint and combined force of  800 to advance communications, domain awareness, infrastructure, and  sustainable  [[Page S5630]]  presence in coordinated air, land, maritime, and cyber domain field  training.   Additionally, for the first time ever, USNORTHCOM led a large-scale,  multicombatant-command, homeland defense exercise from the USS Harry S.  Truman Carrier Strike Group while the strike group was under  USNORTHCOM's operational command. This allowed four combatant commands  and NORAD to conduct homeland defense operations, exercise joint  integration, conduct multinational operations, and strengthen  interoperability in command and control.   Throughout, General VanHerck clearly articulated warfighter  requirements, including the need for ready, trained, and well-equipped  forces that are capable of operating wherever they are needed. That, in  turn, has led to significant advances in Arctic capabilities for the  joint force, including infrastructure upgrades at northern bases,  improvements to the Joint Pacific Alaska Range Complex, and facilities  to support deployment of ground-based air defense systems at Eielson  Air Force Base.   These forward-looking efforts have also led to testing cold-weather  technologies, developing deployable extreme-cold-weather expeditionary  capabilities, evaluating satellite and terrestrial Arctic communication  solutions aboard an icebreaker, and significantly increasing  communications coverage in the region.   Mr. President, as one who has focused on the Arctic for decades now,  I can attest that General VanHerck gets the Arctic. He knows and  understands the value and the significance of the Arctic. He gets it.   Across decades and assignments, General VanHerck continuously  demonstrated a clear strategic vision for defending the homeland, and  his focus and priorities consistently yielded operational success and  organizational excellence. His leadership and passion have defended the  people of the United States and Canada, and, for that, we are grateful.   So to General VanHerck, I thank you for your long and your  distinguished career in the service of our Nation, and on the occasion  of your well-deserved retirement, I wish you and your family nothing  but the very best and congratulate you for a job well done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   