 Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to  H.R. 1, House Republicans' polluters over people act.   When the House Democratic majority passed the landmark Inflation  Reduction Act, they delivered key environmental safeguards to bolster  our clean energy economy and lower costs.   The legislation that Republicans are bringing to the floor attempts  to undermine those promising provisions because of political animus.  Instead of trying to meet the needs of the American taxpayer, they are  working to line the pockets of fossil fuel tycoons and exacerbate toxic  mining projects that directly harm communities like mine.   H.R. 1 is not about the people, it is about a political win, and it  is hooey. This legislation would undo significant environmental  regulations central to our public health and environmental protections  at a time when people are facing an alarming pattern of severe weather,  lack of access to clean water and air, and blatant pollution across the  country.   Pollution kills people. I can tell you that no one here is breathing  dirty air. No one here is drinking dirty water. No one here is growing  anything in dirty soil. If we are not, that means that no one else  should be forced to do so.   It would roll back the environmental review processes under NEPA,  putting community health and safety at risk while worsening pollution  and the health risks associated with toxic chemicals such as PFAS, the  same forever chemicals that are killing our firefighters.   I urge you to listen to the committee hearings where you will hear  them say there is no need for community engagement, polluters can self- monitor.   That is why I was so disappointed but, oh, not surprised when  Republicans voted down my amendment to include an environmental  analysis and review of how oil and gas development will impact  community health and safety because it will.   Instead, Republicans are so eager to rush into free-for-all oil and  gas development that they are unable to reckon with the serious health  consequences they are pawning off onto our constituents. You would have  more respect for a bill if they cared enough about the health and  safety of your community, if they wanted to protect your child or your  grandmother's health.   Unfortunately, we know that the Black community is disproportionately  impacted by environmental pollution. I have talked about what is going  on in my district every single week. Black Americans are three times  more likely to die of asthma after continued exposure to polluted air,  a result of historic, systemic racism.   This legislation makes it virtually impossible for impacted  communities to file lawsuits against corporate polluters for  environmental and public health damages, so it is killing your lungs  and silencing your voice.   It continues to put mining rights ahead of the interests of the  community, especially in indigenous communities where mining was used  to settle the West. This bill declares that indigenous communities  shouldn't even be consulted about what is going on on their lands, to  rip away lands from indigenous communities in favor of our own  traditional, patriarchal, American individualistic interests.    Even more than that, we have seen ties between environmental racism  and increased rates of gender violence at these mining sites where  indigenous women and girls are attacked by employees at the man camps.  Now they don't even care about the safety of women and girls.   Polling shows that two-thirds of Americans want legislation that  addresses the climate crisis, proving once again that Republicans  answer to special interests and not the will of the people. This is all  about dirty money, profits over people, and it is disgraceful.   Shame on them, Mr. Chair, for deliberately ignoring the health of our  people and the environment. I oppose this bill and any other fossil  fuel cash grabs the Republicans send our way.   