 Mr. President, I rise today to applaud the Biden  administration and their historic step to permanently protect Bristol  Bay, AK. More than a decade after the Pebble Mine was proposed, the  Environmental Protection Agency, today, is finalizing a Clean Water Act  protection that will permanently protect Bristol Bay. No company will  ever be able to stick a mine on top of some of the best salmon habitat  in the world.   Salmon fishermen from Alaska and from my home State of Washington  will continue to earn their livelihoods from Bristol Bay salmon, as  they have for generations. No Bristol Bay salmon will ever have to swim  through toxic soup just to get to its spawning grounds.   This scientific decision today by the Environmental Protection Agency  puts a final nail in this mine's proposal.   It is difficult to understand and to really know the importance of  Bristol Bay. In an average year, 40 to 60 million sockeye salmon swim  into or out of the bay. Last year was a blockbuster run. Nearly 80  million sockeye salmon returned to Bristol Bay.   That is why Bristol Bay is known as the holy grail of salmon. Today,  Bristol Bay salmon fisheries are a $2.2 billion annual industry. They  support over 15,000 jobs in the Pacific Northwest and nationwide, and  that is through commercial fishing, recreational fishing, tourism,  seafood, restaurants, shipbuilding, and other associated industries.   I know the Presiding Officer knows this well because northern  California also benefits from these salmon sectors and the salmon  industry.   Salmon are one of the most important products that we in the Pacific  Northwest have. It is the symbol of our region. So Bristol Bay salmon,  being a powerhouse and supporting nearly half of the sockeye salmon  harvested around the globe, is certainly worth fighting for.   So, as you can imagine, when a mining corporation decided to try to  build a mine in the headwaters of this most powerful salmon run on the  planet, fishermen in my State and in many other States were outraged.  Estuaries and mines really don't mix, and they certainly don't belong  together at the headwaters of one of the most important salmon runs and  spawning grounds in the Nation.   For fishermen, the destruction wrought by Pebble Mine would have  swept away their businesses and their way of life, and they certainly  raised their voices and came to ask me and others in Washington for  help.   In 2011, I was proud to stand with fishermen and Tribes from my State  and from Alaska to speak out against Pebble Mine and to call for  permanent protections under the Clean Water Act if the science showed  that the mine would have irreversible impacts on salmon. Well, sure  enough, the science is damning, and that is what is being released as  part of this decision today.   In 2020, the Environmental Protection Agency found that more than 185  miles of streams and over 3,800 acres of wetlands would be permanently  damaged or destroyed by Pebble Mine due to its toxic waste and habitat  destruction, and that is just if the mine operated the way it was  supposed to. That wasn't considering the kind of degradation that could  happen if an accident happened. Those statistics don't account for a  potential mine disaster that could really wipe out this irreplaceable  ecosystem.   So despite the clear science, the mining company has continued to  claim that protecting Bristol Bay is a partisan government overreach.  Their executives believe that stripping all the gold and copper out of  Bristol Bay is a worthy goal, more important than our wild salmon or  more important than the generations of Washington and Alaska fishermen  who earn their livelihood from that.   Protecting our fishing economy should not be a partisan issue, and  that is why Congress created a fail-safe Clean Water Act provision  called section 404(c). This provision says that if disposal or dredging  in a waterway would destroy fisheries, municipal water, or have other  serious impacts, the Environmental Agency could step in to stop the  project.   It is a simple concept, really: Let's not destroy a profitable,  sustainable industry that keeps the water clean for the sake of just  temporary extracting.   Still, this authority in 404(c) isn't used lightly. Since 1972,  millions of Clean Water Act permits have been approved, compared to  only 14 times that this provision has been used to stop major projects  like the one today that is being stopped at Pebble Mine.   Republican Presidents have used this Clean Water 404(c) authority 11  times. Let me say that again.   It has only been implemented 14 times in our history, and 11 times it  was used by a Republican President. Ronald Reagan alone used the Clean  Water Act 404 authority 8 times.   So there was a time when people believed in this conservation. They  believed in making sure that we preserve what is so unique about our  planet.   To sum it up, a multinational corporation thought that it could go to  one of the most iconic salmon runs on the planet and decimate those  jobs that we rely on in Bristol Bay and tear a hole in the culture of  our Northwest fabric. And fishermen and we here said: No.   I am proud of the scientific work done by the Environmental  Protection Agency under President Biden, the University of Washington,  and so many of the environmental partners that fought so hard to stop  this project.   I am proud to have stood with the fishermen and Tribes of Bristol Bay  in saying we need to protect this unique place forever.   I want to thank some of our greatest champions: The United Tribes of  Bristol Bay, the Bristol Bay Native Corporation, and the fishing  families in Alaska and Washington.   I want to thank my staff, Nikki Teutschel, Amit Ronen, and Jeff  Watters, who, through a decade, all continued this fight to make sure  that every administration was listening to this cause.   It seemed like a ``David and Goliath'' many times, this battle, but  we know today that the voices of fishermen at Bristol Bay provided the  leadership that we needed to preserve this area forever and said no to  this project.   Fishermen know that the Pacific Northwest salmon is worth more than  copper, and today, salmon is even worth more than gold. It is our  Pacific way of life, and thanks to this administration, it will be  protected.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   