 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this  legislation.   I hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle talking about our  children, our grandchildren, our future. If they truly cared about the  next generation, they would support this measure as well because the  reality is we cannot continue down the path that we are on.   Right now, we are seeing Republicans take over this House from a body  that, with Democrats' complete control with the President, chose to add  $10 trillion in new spending in just 2 years.   Today, we are facing a debt-to-GDP ratio of 121 percent. That is  completely unsustainable.   When I was born in 1980, it was 35 percent. The debt at that time was  $900 billion. Today, it is $31.4 trillion.   Yet, all we hear from the other side is that they want to spend more,  tax more, and create more programs to make people dependent instead of  giving people the opportunity to determine their own future and live  the American Dream.   We are talking about legislation on our side that will save the  American taxpayer $4.5 trillion, hardworking people who each and every  day get up, go to work, and sacrifice tremendously. Some individuals  are working two or three jobs, and they pay taxes so the government can  be responsible with it, not throwing it around on all sorts of stuff  that we don't need, such as COVID funds that have gone unspent.   We just came out of a hearing in the COVID subcommittee where we  talked about, in just education, $190 billion that was earmarked to  reopen our schools, which they didn't use to reopen our schools, and  then only 15 percent of it was spent as of November. We are talking  about saving the taxpayers $50 billion to $60 billion right there, just  by reclaiming those funds.   Biden's IRS army--this is what the other side proposes--wants to tax  people more. They want to take more of the taxpayers' hard-earned  money. That is how they plan on paying down our debt, not by having  pro-growth policies that stimulate our economy and that help us grow  and help companies expand so they can create more jobs. No, they don't  want pro-growth policies that are good for prosperity and for our  country. They want to continue to hammer people and continue to tax  them, nickel-and-dime them at each and every turn.   By just repealing the IRS army, it is $71 billion right there.   What about the Green New Deal tax credits? This is a good one.    Hundreds of billions of dollars in Green New Deal  tax credits in some cases can go to--and will go to--Chinese companies,  companies that are affiliated with the Communist Chinese Government,  all while destroying American energy at home. American energy is  reliable and affordable.   By the way, the destruction of that industry by the left is the  reason why we are seeing costs of energy skyrocket for American  families, as well as food costs skyrocket for American families.   The spending and the anti-energy policies that Democrats have put  forward in the 2 years they had complete control are the reason why we  see so much hardship for American families today.   The last thing is, well, work requirements are a good thing. People  should want to participate and contribute to our economy. It will help  the labor shortage issues that we are seeing, while giving people the  ability to self-determine their future, not be dependent on government.  We need those programs. It is critically important for us to encourage  people.   