 Mr. Speaker, I am so appreciative that we have male  colleagues like you who do see this as a shared fight, and we  appreciate your leadership and partnership in this moment.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my sister in service, my partner in good, on so  many issues of consequence, Representative Cori Bush, for your  leadership, your ingenuity, and your partnership. I never grow tired of  your saying: St. Louis and I rise. I know every time that you say that,  St. Louis and those that are the most marginalized, ignored, left out,  and left behind are being advanced in that moment--that justice is on  the way.   As Black women who have earned the right to be Members of this august  body, we find ourselves at the intersection of both race and gender.  Some of the most profound and most impactful policies come directly  from our lived experiences.   Each day as we walk these sacred Halls of power, we see statues and  portraits of White men that serve as reminders of the inequality and  the lack of parity in these Halls in our Nation's past and present.   For centuries, the contributions of Black women have been excluded  from the narrative and marginalized in history, but not today. Today,  there will be no erasure. We will give all the flowers to Shirley  Chisholm, Barbara Jordan, and Pauli Murray.   Black women, they believed, are inherently valued, and our equality  is a necessity. They advocated for the ERA to codify those truths in  our Constitution. Ratifying the ERA is not only about history, it is  about the here and now. Black women are still organizing at the  forefront of the women's rights movement. Zakiya Thomas, Christian  Nunes, Melanie Campbell, and Fatima Goss Graves are community builders  and organizational leaders that are working daily to get the job done:  Black women, justice seekers, truth tellers, pace setters, table  shakers, always doing the work of liberation, even when our own was  often sacrificed.   I feel especially encouraged and emboldened that Black women are a  part of the multigenerational and multiracial coalition leading and  working in an intersectional way to advance policy change.   This Congress, I introduced a joint resolution to finally make the  equal rights amendment the 28th amendment to the Constitution of the  United States of America, but I did not introduce it alone. I was  joined by Congresswoman Kamlager-Dove, Madeleine Dean, Sylvia Garcia,  Abigail Spanberger, and, of course, my partner in good, my sister in  service, and co-chair of the Equal Rights Caucus, Representative Cori  Bush.   When the equal rights amendment was put forward 100 years ago, the  coalition was not as diverse nor as inclusive. As a Black woman who has  experienced firsthand many of the daily indignities of an unequal  society and heard stories from my mother, Sandy, may she rest in peace  and power, who throughout her career had to train men who were paid  more and promoted over her--I know how transformative the ERA will be  for millions of women and our LGBTQ siblings across this country.   It is long past time the Constitution affirms our equality--and our  very existence--in the eyes of the law. The ramifications run deep as  women face daily sexism, pregnancy discrimination, pay inequities,  sexual violence, and persistent legislated attacks on our bodily  autonomy.   We need the ERA now. I stand proudly with my colleagues in the  Congressional Black Caucus, and my co-chair of the new ERA Caucus, to  demand that Congress does its job, pass our resolution, and codify the  equal rights amendment into the U.S. Constitution.   Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt that in short order there will be a  calendar one day that will cite: On this day in history, the ERA Caucus  was established. I look forward to the day that there will also be a  calendar that notes: On this day in history, the ERA was passed.   