 Section 3:   ``The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators  from each State for six years; and each Senator shall have one Vote.   ``Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the  first Election, they shall be divided as equally as may be into three  Classes. The Seats of the Senators of the first Class shall be vacated  at the Expiration of the second Year, of the second Class at the  Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the third Class at the Expiration  of the sixth Year, so that one third may be chosen every second Year.   ``No Person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age  of thirty Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States,  and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for  which he shall be chosen.   ``The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the  Senate, but shall have no Vote, unless they be equally divided.   ``The Senate shall chuse their other Officers, and also a President  pro tempore, in the Absence of the Vice President, or when he shall  exercise the Office of President of the United States.   ``The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When  sitting for that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When  the President of the United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall  preside: And no Person shall be convicted without the Concurrence of  two thirds of the Members present.   ``Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to  removal from Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office  of honor, Trust or Profit under the United States: but the Party  convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to Indictment,  Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to Law.''   Section 4:   ``The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and  Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature  thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such  Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators.   ``The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and such  Meeting shall be on the first Monday in December, unless they shall by  Law appoint a different Day.''   Section 5:   ``Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and  Qualifications of its own Members, and a Majority of each shall  constitute a Quorum to do Business; but a smaller Number may adjourn  from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the Attendance of  absent Members, in such Manner, and under such Penalties as each House  may provide.   ``Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its  Members for disorderly Behaviour, and, with the Concurrence of two  thirds, expel a Member.   ``Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time  to time publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment  require secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House  on any question shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be  entered on the Journal.   ``Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the  consent of the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any  other Place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting.''   Section 6:   ``The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for  their Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury  of the United States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony  and Breach of the Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their  Attendance at the Session of their respective Houses, and in going to  and returning from the same; and for any Speech or Debate in either  House, they shall not be questioned in any other Place.   ``No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which he  was elected, be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of  the United States, which shall have been created, or the Emoluments  whereof shall have been encreased during such time; and no Person  holding any Office under the United States, shall be a Member of either  House during his Continuance in Office.''    Article IV, Section 1:   ``Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public  Acts, Records, and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And the  Congress may by general Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts,  Records and Proceedings shall be proved, and the Effect thereof.''   Section 2:   ``The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and  Immunities of Citizens in the several States.   ``A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime,  who shall flee from Justice, and be found in another State, shall on  Demand of the executive Authority of the State from which he fled, be  delivered up, to be removed to the State having Jurisdiction of the  Crime.''   Section 3:   ``New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no  new State shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any  other State; nor any State be formed by the Junction of two or more  States, or Parts of States, without the consent of the Legislatures of  the States concerned as well as of the Congress.   ``The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful  Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property  belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall  be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of  any particular State.''   Section 4:   ``The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a  Republican Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against  Invasion; and on Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,  when the Legislature cannot be convened, against domestic Violence.''   Article V:   ``The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it  necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the  Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States,  shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either  Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this  Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the  several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one  or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress;  Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One  thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first  and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that  no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage  in the Senate.''   Article VI:   ``All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the  Adoption of this Constitution, shall be as valid against the United  States under this Constitution, as under the Confederation.   ``This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be  made in Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be  made, under the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme  Law of the Land; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby,  any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary  notwithstanding.   ``The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members  of the several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial  Officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be  bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no  religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office  or public Trust under the United States.''   