 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise tonight to urge my colleagues to  support cloture on the motion to proceed to the FAA authorization bill.   Now, let me explain what this is about. The vote to get on the shell  legislation is simply a vote to move the process forward to prevent a  disastrous government shutdown. It does not indicate support or  opposition to any particular component of a continuing resolution. It  does not bind Members to vote one way or the other on a continuing  resolution.   What this really is, is a vote on whether or not Members want  government to shut down at the end of this week. It does indicate, in  the strongest possible terms, that the Senate is committed to working  to prevent a government shutdown. We still have time to consider  legislation to keep the government open and funded, but in order to do  so, the process must move forward.   I would ask all Senators who wish to avoid a shutdown of government  and all that that entails to vote yes on cloture. Again, let me stress  that voting yes on cloture tonight is a vote against a government  shutdown and for letting the process move forward. It is just the first  step. It does not bind Members to support the continuing resolution and  to support every provision in the continuing resolution.   Now, what happens if we don't move forward tonight? We are increasing  the chances that government will shut down. I have been through two  government shutdowns, and I can tell you, they are never good policy.  They do not accomplish the goals that people who advocate government  shutdowns think will be accomplished, and they impose real hardship.   Don't we want our military to be paid on time? Don't we need  paychecks going to those brave Border Patrol agents who are overwhelmed  in trying to defend our southern border? Don't we want the Coast Guard,  an entity very important to the Presiding Officer as well as to my  State of Maine, to be able to continue to rescue our fishermen and  patrol our seas, intercepting drug smugglers? Don't we want the DEA to  be able to continue to work to keep fentanyl out of our communities?   The stakes are very high. I hope that all of my colleagues will vote  to proceed to this shell bill tonight so that, then, we can debate the  continuing resolution to fund government until the middle of November.  That will allow us to continue our work on the appropriations bills.  That is so important.   The Appropriations Committee, for the first time in 5 years, reported  all 12 of the appropriations bills independently and with overwhelming  bipartisan support. Three of them are in a package that is before us,  that were on the floor all last week and have been just put aside  temporarily so that we can work on the continuing resolution.   And my hope is, during that 45-day period when the continuing  resolution is keeping government functioning at the levels that are  needed, that we can continue our progress on the appropriations bills,  bringing them across the floor. We have already cleared some 20  amendments to the three-bill package that the appropriators brought to  the floor. Those 20 amendments will receive rollcall votes.   So we are making progress. Let's not stop that progress by shutting  down government and causing tremendous hardship to our military, to our  law enforcement officers, to those who are serving Americans through so  many different Agencies. Let's not have that happen.   Please, I implore my colleagues, let's proceed by voting yes on the  motion to invoke cloture tonight.   