 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I would first like to start by thanking the chairman  of the Committee on Natural Resources as well as the sponsor of the  bill for bringing this bill to the floor of the House today. These  bipartisan bills affecting Native American Tribes and Nations in our  country are very important and very significant for the Tribes that are  seeking land into trust recognition.   This bill itself is an example of how the various agencies and local  entities within Tennessee worked together to come up with a compromise  bill that can be supported by all. I look forward to having these bills  actually get signed into law as they have passed in Congresses past.   As noted, H.R. 548 is the Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands  Reacquisition Act introduced by Representative Fleischmann of  Tennessee. We noted that it is intended to take lands and easements  into trust for the use and benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee  Nation.   As we pointed out, these include the Sequoyah Birthplace Museum, the  Chota Memorial, the Tanasi Memorial, and land to support these  properties and cultural programs.   We remember that the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians is one of three  federally recognized Cherokee Tribes and is the only federally  recognized Tribe in North Carolina.   The ability of the Tribe to take these lands into trust and then to  be able to use them to preserve their cultural ties to the land is  really significant.   The two bills that we are considering on the floor have significance  beyond the acres themselves because they are an outgrowth of an  evolving United States policy to Native American governments. The  United States has moved from an era where it systematically pushed  Native Americans off their ancestral lands into ever smaller  territories of reservation land. We are seeing now the reverse of that  as we move to take land into trust for the Eastern Band of Cherokees.   Madam Speaker, I support the bill, I urge my colleagues to vote in  favor, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time for closing.   I would just like to compliment the sponsor's explanation of the  benefits that this bill will bring. We have heard a little bit of the  great history that lies within Tennessee and of the resilience of the  Eastern Band of Cherokee as they have maintained their identity to the  land and that their use of the land will further assist the members of  this wonderful country of ours to learn a bit more about that history,  to learn a bit more about the life that is breathed into the statues  that we surround ourselves with here in the people's House.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, it is an honor to be on the floor of the people's  House once again in support of this bill, as we hope to pass it out of  the House. It passed in the 117th Congress, and I have great  expectations that it will do so again.   H.R. 423, the Pala Band of Mission Indians Land Transfer Act,  introduced by Representative Issa from California, will direct, as  noted, the transfer of approximately 721 acres of land into trust for  the Pala Band of Mission Indians.   The Pala Band is located in northern San Diego County with 918  enrolled Tribal members. Members of the Pala Band belong to the Cupeno  and Luiseno Tribes, who were forced together by Spanish Franciscan  missionaries during the 1800s.   The Pala Band recently purchased the property that includes the  remaining portion of Gregory Mountain that is not on the existing Pala  Band Reservation and other sacred and culturally significant sites in  Gregory Canyon.   The land was purchased to protect and preserve Gregory Mountain,  Medicine Rock, and other sites considered sacred by Luiseno Tribes.   Taking land into trust is an integral part of the government-to- government relationship between the United States and Tribal  governments. By maintaining Tribal lands, Tribal governments can  protect and preserve their ancestral homelands or sacred sites  considered culturally significant.   This bill takes those 721 acres into trust for the benefit of the  Pala Band to ensure that the sacred sites and cultural history located  on those lands will be honored and appropriately safeguarded. As noted,  it also stipulates that current land and water rights are not affected  by its enactment, nor is there any effect on any rights-of-way or  rights-of-use as currently permitted.   Madam Speaker, I would point out that the two bills we are  considering on the floor today have significance beyond the acreage  that is being transferred. As noted earlier, the United States has  moved from an era when it systematically pushed Native Americans off  their ancestral lands through treaties that were broken, as we heard  about in the bill we considered earlier, into ever-smaller territories  of reservation land.   There was an effort to try to destroy Tribal culture and ``kill the  Indian to save the man.'' It has taken far too long, but Congress has  finally recognized that Tribal nations will not and cannot be  vanquished out of existence and that previous policies were pushing our  indigenous nations and Tribes into extreme poverty.   The 1934 Indian Reorganization Act recognized that allowing Tribes to  reacquire land and place it into trust was key to the future prosperity  of Tribes and essential for them to maintain the culturally significant  areas that are central to their identity, religion, and beliefs.   It has not been an easy path forward since then, but Congress has  repeatedly adopted laws that also recognize and strengthen Tribal self- governance and sovereignty. Today's bills are continuity of this  recognition.   Madam Speaker, I take this moment to thank Chairman Westerman for  bringing these two bipartisan bills to the House floor for passage in  the first few weeks of our legislative business in the people's House.   I often note that the Subcommittee on Indian and Insular Affairs,  previously known as the Subcommittee for Indigenous Peoples of the  United States, is some of the most bipartisan work in the House. It is  extremely important work that we do for millions of Native Americans,  Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians, who rely on Congress to act  consistent with the trust responsibility we owe Tribal nations and  peoples.   Congress must legislate on issues regarding criminal jurisdiction,  health, and education funding, and so much more. Each Member of this  body represents Native Americans, and many of us represent one or more  of the 574 federally recognized Tribes. In some districts, like mine,  they represent a significant portion of the population. In many  districts, Tribes are major drivers of the economy.   Approximately 56 million acres of land are held in trust for Tribes  and individuals, and they are proud stewards of the natural resources  on those lands.   Last week, one of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  belittled this important congressional work by calling it similar to  naming post offices. Such a statement does not recognize the importance  of our work in Congress on Tribal issues.   In contrast, Chairman Westerman's presentation of these bills today  demonstrates his commitment and leadership on Tribal issues. Once  again, I thank Chairman Westerman for recognizing how important our  work is for Tribal nations and peoples.   Madam Speaker, I support this bill. I thank Representative Issa for  bringing it once again to Congress and the floor of the House, and I  urge my colleagues to vote in favor.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Issa for  that great summary of the importance of this land to the Pala Band, and  the fact that we will actually probably see some economic benefit  because they know how to be good stewards of the land. They know what  they are going to be doing with the land, rather than letting it sit in  the condition it does now.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   