 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.   I strongly oppose this undemocratic, paternalistic resolution. There  is only one question before this House. The question is: Do you believe  in democracy?   More specifically: Should the District of Columbia's local  legislature, whose members are elected by D.C. residents, make the laws  for D.C., or should Congress, whose voting Members are elected by the  residents of the several States, make laws for D.C.?   What is democracy?   The dictionary defines it as a ``government in which the supreme  power is vested in the people and exercised by them directly or  indirectly through a system of representation usually involving  periodically held free elections.''   Perhaps President Lincoln described democracy best in the Gettysburg  Address when he said that it is government of the people, by the  people, for the people.   D.C.'s local legislature, the D.C. Council, has 13 members. The  members are elected by D.C. residents. Eight members are elected by  geographical area, and five members are elected at-large. If D.C.  residents do not like how the members vote, then they can vote them out  of office.   Congress has 535 voting Members. The Members are elected by residents  of the several States. None are elected by D.C. residents. If D.C.  residents do not like how the Members vote, even on legislation that  applies only to D.C., they can only ask politely for the residents of  the several States to vote them out of office.   The Revolutionary War was fought to give consent to the governed and  to end taxation without representation. Yet, the nearly 700,000 D.C.  residents cannot consent to any action taken by Congress, whether on  national or D.C. matters, and they pay full Federal taxes. Indeed, D.C.  residents pay more Federal taxes per capita than any State in the Union  and more total Federal taxes than 23 States.   The legislative history and merits of this legislation enacted by the  D.C. Council that is the subject matter of this resolution are  irrelevant to the question before the House, but I do want to set the  record straight.   The D.C. Council passed the legislation on two separate occasions, as  required by Congress, by votes of 12-1 and 12-0 after holding a  hearing. The legislation is not unprecedented. Indeed, there is a long  history in the United States of noncitizens being allowed to vote in  local, State, territorial, and Federal elections.   I will close with two final thoughts. D.C. residents, a majority of  whom are Black and Brown, are worthy and capable of governing  themselves. It is true Congress has absolute power over D.C., but might  does not make right.   Mr. Speaker, if you believe in democracy, you will vote ``no'' on  this resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding the time  because I have something important to say and to put into the Record.   Forty States have permitted noncitizens to vote at various points.  One of them is the State of the gentlewoman who has just spoken,  Colorado. The  [[Page H768]]  other States are: Alabama, Arkansas, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida,  Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana,  Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana,  Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina,  North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South  Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, Washington  State, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.   At least 14 municipalities permit noncitizens to vote today. Eleven  in Maryland: Barnesville, Cheverly, Chevy Chase section 3, Garrett  Park, Glen Echo, Hyattsville, Martin's Additions, Mount Rainier,  Riverdale Park, Somerset, and Takoma Park.   Two in Vermont: Montpelier and Winooski.   One in California. San Francisco allows voting for noncitizens who  are a parent or legal guardian of a child living in San Francisco to  vote in local school board elections.   