 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from  Florida (Mrs. Cherfilus-McCormick) for yielding, and I thank Mr.  Jackson for co-anchoring this evening's Special Order hour.   Mr. Speaker, I rise on this day praying for the speedy recovery of  16-year-old Ralph Yarl of Kansas City, Missouri, who was released from  the hospital today after being shot in the head for ringing the wrong  doorbell.   We live in a society today where more and more communities are living  in a recurring nightmare, reeling from gun violence.   Gun violence is the number one killer of children in the United  States of America. While it has always been Black communities that have  borne the brunt and have been the most victimized and terrorized by gun  violence, and have too often assumed the blame of a poorly regulated  gun industry, I truly expected that there would have been some  bipartisan action taken to protect the next generation after the  tragedy at Sandy Hook all those years ago.   Instead, the far right stays licking the boot of the NRA, taking  their blood money and looking the other way. It has become crystal  clear that the rightwing Republicans couldn't care less.   It is unconscionable that they care so little for the lives of  children. I mean, look at what has happened just this past week in  Tennessee, Kentucky, and Alabama.   Mass murder and mass casualties have become commonplace, but we can't  make them normalized.   It is not lost upon me that two Black lawmakers, Representatives  Justin Jones and Justin Pearson, were expelled from the Tennessee House  after joining peaceful protests against gun violence. Another  generation that has had to grow up doing gun violence drills in their  schools has now taken leadership and is leading the charge.    Let's be clear. The CBC won't stand by and allow another Jim Crow era  to take root while further GOP legislators abuse their power, as we saw  in Tennessee. The CBC will continue to push back against any and all  efforts by Republicans to subvert the will of the American people,  whether it is the effort to overturn our election on January 6 or  efforts to silence or expel members from statehouses who advocate for a  better nation, a better America, safe from the horrors of gun violence.   Again, I thank the gentlewoman from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, for  yielding.   Mrs. CHERFILUS-McCORMICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Payne).   