 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, this bill would direct the Department of  Transportation to conduct a study of the benefits of one-seat commuter  rail transit nationwide and the obstacles transit agencies face in  providing that level of service.   This bill also would require a cost-benefit analysis for one specific  rail transit line, New Jersey Transit's Raritan Valley Line. A  comprehensive study was completed last year by New Jersey Transit on  this topic.   The study concluded that the best option to provide better transit  service for that region is to move ahead with the Gateway Program,  which will provide more capacity for all New Jersey Transit rail lines  that go into New York Penn Station.   Local officials in New Jersey and New York are actively pursuing that  option and have received substantial funding from the Biden  administration, including under the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs  Act through the Mega Grant Program, the Federal-State Partnership, and  the Capital Investment Grant Program.  [[Page H6085]]    Currently, Federal Transit Administration staff are working hard to  finalize a full funding grant agreement to deliver $6.9 billion for the  new Hudson River tunnel, which would be the largest capital investment  grant in history.    For those who are interested in supporting more New Jersey Transit  services, or for those Members from other parts of the country who have  their own transit priorities, one of the best ways to support them is  for Congress to provide substantial funding through the Capital  Investment Grant program. Given that, I have a request for my  colleagues today: In addition to just voting to study the need for more  transit service, I would encourage them to also support funding for  more transit service.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill and to work  toward sustainable transit investment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, this bill would designate portions of the Ports-to- Plains Corridor in Texas as the future Interstate 27. This route plays  an important role in commerce, helping facilitate the movement of  agricultural products from hubs to markets.   This bill incorporates technical assistance from the Federal Highway  Administration to prevent duplicative route numbering from being used  on different roadway spurs. This change will make the designation  clearer for travelers.   Similar bipartisan legislation passed the Senate by unanimous consent  earlier this year.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Cuellar).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, this bill, which I introduced with the Economic  Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management Subcommittee  Chair, Scott Perry, would direct the General Services Administration to  sell the Federal property known as the   Daniel Webster School in the  District of Columbia for fair market value by December 31st, 2025.   Built in 1882, the Daniel Webster School, a red brick, three-story  building has been used for a variety of purposes over the years,  however, since the 1980s, the building which is located in downtown  D.C. has been vacant and has fallen into disrepair.   The General Services Administration purchased the Webster School 20  years ago, yet the school remains unoccupied, draining the General  Service Administration's resources for decades. This bill would return  the site to productive use.   During my service in Congress, I have enacted bipartisan bills to  transfer unused and underused Federal land in D.C. to the D.C.  government or the private sector to redevelop neighborhoods and to  generate tax revenue.   This includes the southeast and southwest waterfronts. My hope is to  see the Daniel Webster School similarly reactivated. The sale provision  in this bill is the same as the sale provision in the bill enacted in  2016 that directed the General Services Administration to sell the  general property in D.C. known as the Cotton Annex, which is now being  converted into housing.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Perry for his partnership on this  bill. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   