 Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  speak to a tragedy that we saw this past week, just a week ago today.  Two Army AH-64 Apache helicopters were making their way back to Fort  Wainwright. Fort Wainwright is an Army post in interior Alaska. They  had been training in the Donnelly Training Area. They tragically  collided and crashed.   Three soldiers from the 1st Battalion, 25th Aviation Regiment from  Alaska's 11th Airborne Division were killed, and I have come to the  floor this afternoon to honor their lives and express my deepest  condolences to their families.   CW3 Christopher Robert Eramo of New York was 39 years old. He had  deployments in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. He had served in  Iraq, in Afghanistan, and most recently in Kuwait.   CW2 Kyle D. McKenna of Colorado was just 28 years old. He also had  deployments in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and had served in  both Kuwait and Saudi Arabia.   And WO1 Stewart Duane Wayment of Utah was 32 years of age. According  to an AP article, it said that he was ``excited to be stationed in  Alaska, to fly over rugged landscapes and see the northern lights and  wildlife.'' His mother, Stacie Weaver, is quoted in that article as  saying that ``family was everything to him.''   From basic training to Warrant Officer Candidate School to the Apache  pilot pipeline, these men truly dedicated their lives to the service of  our Nation; and, in doing so, they added to one of the proudest  traditions in America while exemplifying the best of it, and that is  the brave men and women who stand ready to protect and to defend us  every day.   As we acknowledge the sacrifices that are made by the men and women  in uniform, we have to remember that those sacrifices don't always come  at times of war and times of combat. This accident, as I mentioned,  came after a 2-week training exercise. Training exercises themselves  can be dangerous, and for the individuals who take part in them, we  recognize that they face challenges daily.   We also must remember, though, the tremendous sacrifices that are  made by our military families. Theirs, too, are significant and placed  upon them by circumstances that are beyond their control. When  something bad happens, when some tragedy occurs, they lose husbands,  wives, fathers, and mothers.  [[Page S1540]]  Many have never had to worry about that.   But, today, we are grieving with the Eramo, McKenna, and the Wayment  families. All three soldiers were married. Mr. Wayment also had three  young children that he leaves behind.   Scripture tells us that ``the Lord is close to the brokenhearted and  saves those who are crushed in spirit.''   And to the families, I know no words can lessen your grief, but I  hope you will find some small measure of comfort in knowing that  Christopher, Stewart, and Kyle were heroes and that they will always be  remembered as such.   I know that the Fort Wainwright and the Fairbanks communities are  absolutely heartbroken. There are families and brothers and sisters in  arms who are grieving today. They are attending a private memorial  service for their fallen comrades this afternoon in Alaska. My husband  Verne and I offer our deepest condolences to them. Know that we are  keeping all who serve in our prayers and all who are no longer with us.   This has been an awful, awful tragedy. There is one small sliver of  light, however. There was a fourth servicemember who was injured in  that same crash. He was treated at Fairbanks Memorial Hospital, and he  has now been released. We are told that he is recovering at home. A  full recovery is expected. So, hopefully, this can be some small bit of  hope to the Fort Wainwright and Fairbanks communities that are  suffering this loss.   It is, indeed, a sad moment for this military community, our interior  community--know that in our golden hearts we will hold these men and  their families tight.   With that, I yield the floor.   