 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to speak for up to 7 minutes and that Senator Grassley be  permitted to speak for 5 minutes prior to the scheduled vote.    Mr. President, I have come to the floor today with a  simple question: When exactly was the moment when military women like  me no longer had the right to bodily autonomy?   Our Nation was just fine with me using my body as I saw fit when I  chose  [[Page S2138]]  to use it to fight wars on its behalf. It was all right with me using  it as I wish when I decided to risk every drop of blood in this body to  fly a Black Hawk into combat. It was even OK with me losing parts of  this body, leaving parts of it strewn across a battlefield in Iraq in  defense of this great Nation. In fact, people thanked me for my  service, for making that incredibly personal choice about my own being,  my own life. I know the same is true for many of the other female  servicemembers and veterans who have made the similar decision to serve  our Nation.    So my question is, Precisely when do the folks pushing anti-choice  policies think that we American women no longer have the basic human  right to make our own decisions about our own health?   I ask because over the past year since the Supreme Court announced  its Dobbs ruling, we have faced an onslaught of anti-woman, anti-choice  bills that would effectively turn women into second-class citizens,  rendering them incapable of adjudicating matters related to their own  bodies, transforming them from people with autonomy into mere vessels  subject to the political whims of lawmakers whose beliefs tend more  toward insurrectionist than feminist, lawmakers who think making  America great again equates to sapping away women's rights again.   This week is no exception because this week my colleagues across the  aisle, led by my fellow veteran, Senator Ernst, are trying to hold our  annual Defense bill negotiations hostage in an attempt to force through  an extremist amendment that would overturn existing DOD policy--an  amendment that would keep troops and their families who are stationed  at military bases in anti-choice States from getting the resources they  need to travel elsewhere to get basic reproductive healthcare.   You know, our servicemembers often move every 2 or 3 years. They  don't get to choose where they are stationed. They receive orders to be  somewhere. Then they pack up their rucksacks and go. And I have seen  estimates that about 40 percent are assigned to bases in States that  now have draconian reproductive rights laws.   If Senator Ernst's amendment to the NDAA becomes law, thousands of  military women will be stripped of their right to bodily autonomy just  because they have chosen to serve their country. Think about how  shameful that is. Think about how disgraceful it is that so many of the  same so-called leaders who applaud these women for choosing to put  themselves in harm's way overseas are trying to wrest control over  their bodies away from them when they are back on U.S. soil.   Think about how astounding it is that the folks backing this kind of  policy seem ignorant to the hypocrisy laden in the idea that the  greatest democracy in the world--a nation born out of a fight against  governmental overreach and that takes pride in self-determination-- would actually strip away the right to personal freedom from the very  citizens who have sworn an oath to protect others' rights, to keep  others free.   When I fought in Iraq, at the beginning of our rotation, it was so  early on in the war that full logistics were not yet set up. We were  still living in tents and had no personal hygiene facilities other than  the wet wipes we would get in care packages.   So when it came time for me to deploy, Army doctors issued me birth  control patches so I could control my menstrual cycle since for the  first 2 months I was set to be downrange, there would be no female  sanitary support. In other words, because I wouldn't be able to get  tampons, pads, or the like for those early days yet still needed to fly  my missions, it advantaged the military for me to control my  reproductive cycle. I was happy to do it because it was for the good of  the Army, the good of the mission, and thus the good of this Nation  that I love more than life itself.   But looking back, especially after this week, my takeaway is that our  country was just fine with me seeking reproductive care when it suited  them but only when it suited them because today we live in an America  whose representatives waver even on the basic question of whether women  should have access to the kind of care they readily supplied me when it  fit their needs.   To me, this Republican amendment effectively punishes women for their  willingness to put on the uniform. The policy is both morally corrupt  and militarily shortsighted, as how could it not impact the future  recruitment and retention of our Armed Forces if women understand that  if they wear our Nation's colors, that if they follow orders and are  stationed at whatever base they are told to report to, their  fundamental rights may remain forever out of reach?   Yes, we are talking about abortions here certainly, but this  amendment my colleagues are so focused on passing also impacts a range  of other basic lifesaving and sometimes even life-creating reproductive  care, including fertility treatments, both for those who have worn the  uniform and for the partners of those who serve, or the urgent medical  services needed in the tragic event they miscarry a child they do want.   So when I hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle champion  this policy, what I hear them say is that they either don't understand  or don't care about the very real, severe effects that servicemembers  and dependents could face if they can't access reproductive care.   What I hear them say is that they want to force female servicemembers  to give birth whether they want to or not, whether they are ready to or  not, regardless of the burden, the cost, the implications for their  careers and, more importantly, their lives.   What I hear them say is that they don't believe that the readiness of  women servicemembers affects our military's readiness, that they don't  think recruiting women is important for the future of our military,  that they don't care about the contribution women make to our Armed  Forces, that they don't value the service of women, point blank.   Ultimately, sadly, that means they don't care about solving our  military's recruiting challenges as much as they do about getting on  the good side of anti-choice billionaires who bankroll campaigns. That  is offensive and hypocritical.   These proposals are misogynistic and sadistic. These proposals are  craven and cowardly. In other words, it is a perfect snapshot of  today's self-interested, self-defeating GOP.   Look, we Democrats on the Senate Armed Services Committee have used  every negotiation tactic under the Sun to try to stop our Republican  colleagues from crashing down the entire Defense bill negotiations with  this one poison pill. But let me be clear. We cannot pass a Defense  funding bill if this amendment is hidden deep in its fine print. We  have even offered to hold a separate vote on this same exact policy as  a stand-alone bill--a solution that would both protect this week's  larger NDAA process while also letting the rest of the Senate have a  say on this single piece of legislation. But Republicans have decried  this offer, calling it a ploy. It is not a ploy. We are giving them the  vote they say they want.   They don't want a solution. They don't want fairness. They just want  to scream and shout. They want to show off to the most fringe parts of  their base, knowing that in a few days they will somehow contort  reality and blame Democrats even when they are well aware that their  own political agenda is at fault for Congress failing to pass this  critical national defense legislation.   Just as I made my own decision about my body when I signed up to fly  Black Hawks in Iraq, I am making my choice today to use my voice to say  ``enough.''   We must not allow Republicans to score political points by  restricting the personal freedom of the very people who have dedicated  their lives to defending that most fundamental, most American ideal.   Our female servicemembers, veterans, and military families, deserve  access to healthcare, regardless of what part of the country they  happen to be stationed in. They deserve to have full control over their  bodies here at home, just as they did when they were carrying rucksacks  and M4s on those bodies overseas.   To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, if you care about  the  [[Page S2139]]  strength of our military, if you care about defending our freedoms that  have defined America since the first drop of ink was written on our  Constitution, then you will vote against this amendment. Please do not  abandon the women who have done so much to keep our Union safe. Please  do not repay our heroes for their sacrifices by telling them what they  can and cannot do with their bodies they put at risk time and again to  protect our country.   Please, as you sit at your fancy desks under this hallowed, historic  dome, ask yourself if you are so desperate for a pat on the back from  FOX News that you would be willing to vote to strip away the rights  these women have spent their lives protecting. I certainly could not  live with that decision--with that vote. I hope the same is true for  each of my colleagues.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   