 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this bill,  a bill that puts politics over participation. I am deeply concerned  about the increase in and apparent normalization of attacks against  trans students.   Contrary to what my Republican colleagues say, this legislation will  diminish civil rights, discriminate against students, and dismantle  relationships of trust between students and their coaches and  educators.   Trans rights are human rights. Denying trans students the opportunity  to play on sports teams that are consistent with their gender identity  sends a clear message to those students that they don't matter.   If my Republican colleagues are interested in protecting women and  girls, I have a long list of priorities that I am eager to work on.   Let's pass commonsense gun violence prevention legislation. Let's  pass legislation protecting reproductive freedom. Let's pass paid  family leave and medical leave and close the gender pay gap.   We should be working together to create opportunities for every  student to thrive with a focus on those who are most vulnerable,  especially trans youth.   I want every trans student out there to know I see you, and I will  never stop fighting for you. I urge my colleagues to show some  humanity, stop attacking trans people, and vote ``no'' on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, as a fellow Oregon Ducks fan, an  Oregonian, I am really grateful to be here today with my colleagues to  honor an exceptional staffer, Jenn Wickre.   Jenn is a longtime, dedicated, and invaluable staffer for the House  Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, on which I have had the  honor of serving since I joined Congress in the beginning of 2012.   Jenn has been a tireless public servant, supporting members of the  Science Committee in our efforts to craft and advance meaningful  legislation.   I know her unwavering commitment, her expertise, and her bipartisan  approach have really left an indelible mark, and we are honored to pay  tribute to her exceptional contributions this evening.   Committee staff plays a crucial role in supporting the work of the  committee. They are really essential to the functioning of the  legislative process. I learned when I went from the Oregon legislature  to Congress how important our committee staff members are.   Jenn has been working diligently behind the scenes, providing her  valuable expertise, her research, and her assistance to help Members  fulfill their responsibilities on the committee. She, like many of our  staff, possesses specialized knowledge in policy and really plays a  pivotal role in helping us understand complex issues.   Many of us who serve on the Science Committee are not scientists. We  don't have that expertise. Our committee staff really helps us identify  potential pitfalls, because we occasionally run into those, and develop  effective strategies to achieve our goals. Her expertise and dedication  have really contributed to the development of well-informed and  evidence-based policy decisions, leading to more effective policymaking  that benefits the American people.   I had the honor of traveling with Jenn on a bipartisan delegation to  the Galapagos Islands in 2018. When you travel with somebody, you get  to spend time together. We conducted oversight of NSF-funded research  and observatories. The primary subject of the trip and a significant  area of cooperation between the United States and each of the nations  we visited was our scientific research enterprise.   The trip was noteworthy because it really gave a unique insight into  the bipartisan cooperation that lay ahead. It was great to have Jenn on  that trip. It was one of those Science Committee trips that you will  never forget for the lessons learned and the relationships made.   In addition to her exceptional expertise, she has been a model of  bipartisan collaboration. I have heard stories from her friends across  the aisle about how she has continued to foster a culture of  inclusivity, cooperation, and mutual respect, transcending political  differences and working with her colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to  [[Page H1881]]  achieve common goals. That is something we know we desperately need in  this institution.   Her ability to find that common ground to build consensus was crucial  to the passage of important legislation like the recent CHIPS and  Science Act. Many have suggested this would not have been possible  without her unwavering commitment to the underlying policy, which  helped bridge divides and really led to significant results for our  Nation's economy, research and technology sectors, and, of course, our  scientific research enterprise.   Mr. Speaker, I am really honored to be able to join my colleagues in  extending our deepest appreciation and gratitude from both sides of the  aisle for Jenn's exceptional service to the Committee on Science,  Space, and Technology and to the American people.   I thank Jenn for her unwavering dedication, kindness, and  extraordinary contributions.   I can't end without saying: Go Ducks.   I know what a wonderful Ducks fan Jenn is, so I had to get that  shout-out to my alma mater.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the opportunity to honor Jenn  Wickre this evening.   