 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call out the amendments  that have been forced into the Pentagon budget over the past month-and- a-half.   When this Pentagon budget was voted on in our committee, it passed  58-1. I voted for it, as did many of my peers on this side of the aisle  and the other side of the aisle.   When it left our committee, it became a wish list of the rightwing  culture war agenda. If you take a 40,000-foot view of what is going on  here, it becomes very clear. The other side of the aisle is not going  to stop until there is a Federal ban on all abortions, in every State,  in every circumstance. Our last speaker made it clear.   A bill that is typically bipartisan has now become a prisoner of this  debate. Let's review the bidding.   We have seen the other side of the aisle put in unnecessary abortion  restrictions in minor appropriations, in veterans' bills targeting  female veterans. A single Senator is holding up 300 critical military  nominations because servicemembers want to get leave to get the care  that they need, and the NDAA in its current form is targeting  servicewomen specifically.   Make no mistake, the United States should hear that in every place,  in every possible window. The people on the other side of the aisle are  going to continue their 50-year pledge to get rid of all abortions  everywhere. They are open about that. While those of them who are in  competitive elections may try to mealymouth what they have done for the  past 20 years, we need to hear what they are telling us.   The other side of the aisle is taking national security issues  hostage for their unrelenting fight on this issue so that no woman can  have a right to an abortion if she has been raped, if she is the victim  of incest, or for a simple miscarriage, which one out of three women in  America have had.   I know the other side of the aisle is not listening on this issue.  The American people need to hear it loud and clear. They want a Federal  ban on abortion.    