 Mr. Chair, I thank Representative DelBene for the  opportunity to speak on this amendment.   The health of my district's economy depends on a clean Pacific Coast  and ocean ecosystem.   My district is actually home to one of the most fishing-dependent  communities in the entire country--Pacific County.   Preventing offshore drilling not only protects the environment, it  also protects the economies of the communities where people work for a  living.   We cannot bankrupt our long-term environmental quality for a one-off  oil jackpot.   That is why I support this amendment that prevents offshore drilling.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Representatives Kilmer and DelBene for their  work on this critical issue, and I urge my colleagues to support the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, No. 79.    Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an amendment prohibiting oil  and gas leasing on any tract of the Washington-Oregon Planning Area,  where leasing would negatively impact coastal fisheries.   The health of our economies depends on a clean Pacific. Washington  generates over $8.5 billion of revenue in fisheries and seafood  processing a year. My district is home to one of the most fishing- dependent communities in the entire U.S.   Pacific County is home to the largest shellfish-producing community  on the entire West Coast. Pacific County produces almost 50 million  pounds of shellfish a year. That is 600 jobs and over $10 million of  value.   The towns of Ilwaco and Chinook support over 200 fishing vessels.  That is 1,300 jobs, generating 21 million pounds of fish and shellfish  and $25 million of personal income. To be clear, this is critical to  the economies of our coastal communities.   The Strategic Petroleum Reserve will continue to be a critical part  of our national security infrastructure, and oil and gas will continue  to be part of our energy economy for a long time, but we can't  sacrifice our rural economies for a one-off jackpot in oil.   I am proud to offer this amendment to protect coastal fisheries and  the communities they support, and I am glad to stand up for people who  work for a living. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   