 Madam President, I rise today to talk about the  solar tariff CRA, which, unfortunately, is misguided and is going to  have a devastating impact on States like Nevada, as you well know.   H.J. Res. 39 to end the pause on solar tariffs is really a misguided  effort that will not only cripple our Nation's solar industry but kill  thousands of American jobs.   Our country is in a position to lead the rest of the world in clean  energy production, including solar development. States like Nevada are  building up our solar capabilities and creating thousands of new jobs  that support working families.   Talk to the unions in my State, and you will hear how important solar  is for Nevadans. I spent some time recently with IBEW at the Gemini  Solar Project, which our Presiding Officer knows well. It is one of the  new solar arrays in southern Nevada. I heard directly from them about  how these are good-paying jobs for our workers, which is why so many  unions, including the carpenters, the laborers, and operating  engineers, oppose this resolution.   This effort to reinstate solar tariffs would devastate our  operations; it would hurt working families; and it would make it even  more difficult to become energy independent in this country.   Just a few weeks ago, the Energy and Natural Resources Committee held  a hearing with Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm. She told me that she  gets it; that we need a transition period to be able to build up our  solar supply in the United States.   It is happening thanks to the Inflation Reduction Act, but we are  just getting started. Right now, the United States only has capacity to  manufacture a small fraction of our domestic solar demand. Now, of  course, we need to keep building our domestic manufacturing of solar.  We all agree. And we need to continue that process, but we shouldn't  punish our workers by pretending that infrastructure already exists  when we know it doesn't. That means we need to expand our supply of  solar panels and cells.   Just having this vote this afternoon will have a chilling effect on  the solar industry--the solar energy industry. Listen, when the threat  of these tariffs was originally looming--just the threat of them back  then--75 percent of domestic solar projects experienced cancelations or  delays because of that threat, including in Nevada. And I heard it. The  Presiding Officer heard it. We heard it from our workers. We heard it  from the projects in the pipeline. That is a sign of what is to come if  this misguided effort is successful.   Nevada has the No. 1 solar economy in the country, which has created  nearly 9,000 good-paying jobs, many of them union jobs. But if we lift  the pause on our solar tariffs, those jobs will be in danger. And I  won't stand for it. I know the Presiding Officer won't stand for it.   And it is not just in Nevada. It is not just blue States or red  States. These tariffs would risk the jobs of the 225,000 Americans who  work in solar throughout the country. But some of my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle still want to go ahead with this resolution.   Let me just say, Texas, for example, has over 10,000 jobs that would  be endangered by these tariffs. North Carolina could see its nearly  7,000 solar jobs be jeopardized. And there are close to 12,000  Floridians working in the solar industry whose jobs would be at risk.   There is no justifiable reason to move forward with this resolution  that would kill jobs in our own States. I agree that we need to stay  competitive with the Chinese Government, but if we implement these  tariffs, three-quarters of our solar deployment would stop. That would  cede our leadership to the Chinese Government. It would hurt our  domestic manufacturing. And our working families, most importantly,  would pay the price. And we just can't let that happen.   We need to be supporting American leadership in the solar industry.  We need to be protecting our working families and, yes, creating more  solar jobs. That is why I am going to be urging my colleagues to vote  no on this irresponsible and harmful resolution.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   