 Mr. Speaker, this week, the House is poised to pass a  bill threatening funding for public schools and institutions of higher  learning if they provide shelter to vulnerable migrants.   First, it is important to state the obvious. Migrant encounters are  down by 70 percent, and the number of people arriving at the southern  border has dropped significantly since the Biden administration ended  the use of the Trump-era title 42 policy months ago.   While my Republican colleagues want to continue their rabidly anti- immigrant agenda instead of focusing on the needs of the American  people, the American people should know that President Biden's efforts  to better manage the border are working.    Second, it is important for the American people to understand what my  Republican colleagues are really trying to do.   Last December and early again this spring, members of the media  descended on my community of El Paso, Texas, to film and interview  hundreds, and at some point, thousands of migrants sleeping on the  streets of El Paso.   During that coverage, my community told the country that our shelters  were full. My community, like others across the country, sprang into  action, and with the help of Federal funding, El Paso's Office of  Emergency Management provided emergency shelter for vulnerable  migrants, and because other shelters were full, had to use empty  schools on a temporary basis.   My Republican colleagues aren't trying to help us find solutions,  which, by the way, could be done if we could get bipartisan  comprehensive immigration reform done. Instead, they are using  legislative action to harm migrants and harm communities like mine.   Earlier this year, Republicans worked to eliminate funding to NGOs  and receiving communities, and now they are deliberately trying to  create a humanitarian catastrophe by further limiting options for  receiving communities. This is what they want: a humanitarian  catastrophe.   By prohibiting the use of schools for emergency shelter, my  Republican colleagues are creating a situation where migrants may not  have anywhere else to go except the streets of communities like mine if  we were to see numbers climb again.   Unfortunately, the Republican Party of today is gripped by troubling  extremism. Instead of seeking real solutions, again, like passing  comprehensive immigration reform on a bipartisan basis, they are  instead seeking to appease the extremists among them in their ranks.   If they want to deal with challenges inside our schools, how about  they work with us on gun violence or teacher shortages.   Democrats, on the other hand, remain focused on solutions and will  continue to fight for the needs of Americans. One of those areas of  concern in districts across the country has more to do with ensuring we  protect key programs that help everyday Americans,  [[Page H3654]]  which is why if we defeat the previous question, Democrats will bring  up a resolution affirming our commitment to protecting Social Security  and Medicare.   These are vital programs that have a profound impact on the lives of  millions of Americans. Both programs serve as a cornerstone of  retirement security and affordable healthcare coverage for our seniors,  people with disabilities, disabled workers, and survivors of deceased  workers.   In my district, many El Pasoans rely on Social Security and Medicare  to help them meet their basic needs such as housing, preventative care,  prescription drugs, doctors' visits, and daily expenses.   This inhumane school defunding bill does nothing to truly address any  real challenges we face, and I urge my colleagues to defeat the  previous question so we can instead bring up important legislation  affirming our commitment to the American people.   