 Mr. President, I want to say a very special thank-you to  Senator Klobuchar for her thoughtful and passionate words about the  harm that the Senator from Alabama is imposing on our military and on  our Nation.   As the Senator from Minnesota said, we are here fighting to try to  protect our Nation while Senator Tuberville, in the view of the former  Secretaries of  [[Page S3598]]  Defense of both parties, is undermining our national security.   I also want to thank Senator Reed for his leadership and his steady  hand in trying to persuade the Senator from Alabama that it is time to  end this blockade.   This is the third time that I have come to the Senate floor to ask  the Senator from Alabama to reconsider his unprecedented action of  blocking hundreds of promotions earned by our men and women in uniform.   The Senate votes on nominees appointed by the President to occupy top  roles in government--Cabinet Secretaries, judges, and Ambassadors. The  Senate's role in approving nominations also extends to thousands of  military promotions every year. If a colonel does an exceptional job  and their military services promotion board decides that they are ready  to be a brigadier general, the Senate must hold a vote for that  promotion to go through.   In the vast majority of circumstances, this vote is a formality. Most  of these promotions are considered in big batches rather than one at a  time. Most of the time, there isn't even a recorded vote.   We are confident in the process, and we pass these people through.  They have been thoroughly vetted, and their promotions are essential  for our security.   But now, for 5 months, the Senator from Alabama has blocked all-- all--senior military nominations and promotions from moving forward  without a recorded vote. That means one Senator is personally standing  in the way of promotions for 273 of our top-level military leaders.   One Senator is preventing the Marine Corps from having a Commandant  for the first time in 100 years.   One Senator is setting the Army on a similar course not to have a  senior leader.   One Senator is blocking the confirmation of the President's top  military adviser, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.   One Senator is holding up pay raises for hundreds of men and women in  uniform. One Senator is jeopardizing America's national security.   The Senator from Alabama has taken this dangerous step because he  disagrees with a policy the Department of Defense announced after last  year's abortion decision by the Supreme Court. After that decision, the  Department clarified that, if a member of the armed services needs to  travel to access abortion care or other kinds of reproductive  healthcare that are not available where they have been stationed--for  instance, because a State where they have been stationed has banned  these forms of healthcare--then they can leave to do so. This is a  commonsense policy that is completely legal under the Department's  existing authorities, as established by Congress.   The Senator from Alabama disagrees. I think he is wrong. But, look,  we all have executive branch policies that we disagree with. As I  previously pointed out, as Senators, we have many tools to influence  policies. We can hold hearings. We can write oversight letters. We can  vote. We can pass laws.   In fact, the Senate Armed Services Committee recently voted on a bill  that would get rid of the policy that the Senator from Alabama opposes.  The proposal to get rid of the policy failed to get a majority. It was  rejected. And if we held that vote among the full Senate, I believe it  would fail here as well.   In short, the Senator from Alabama doesn't have enough support to  actually pass a law to change the Department's policy. So the Senator  from Alabama, instead of accepting what the majority has decided here,  instead has decided to hold our senior military leaders and their  families hostage as a protest against the fact that he doesn't have  enough votes to change a perfectly legal policy that he just doesn't  like.   Since I was here last asking for these promotions to be approved, the  situation has only become worse. The Senator from Alabama's hold has  left the Marine Corps without a Commandant and will soon leave the Army  without its most senior leader as well. If this continues through the  fall, the President will be deprived of his top military adviser.   The Senator from Alabama is decapitating the leadership of our own  military. And make no mistake, the real people being punished by these  holds are the military families who had expected to make a move as part  of taking up a new post in service to their country.   We must address the damage this hold has inflicted on our Armed  Forces, and we must do so by immediately approving every single one of  the 272 leaders being held hostage by the Senator's actions, not pick  up 1 or 2, not 10 or 20 whom the Senator from Alabama decides would buy  him some time--every single person.   This summer is a critical time for families moving across the country  or across the world to try to find new housing, to enroll their kids in  new schools, and, generally, to get ready for the new school year. But,  now, all of that is on hold because those families don't know where  they are going to be in the fall.   The Department of Defense has shared stories of students who are  disenrolled from their current school because they thought they would  be somewhere else in September. But now they don't know if they can  enroll in their new school because their parent doesn't know if they  will be able to relocate by then.   Spouses who assumed they would be moving or even ended a job now  don't know where they may live or work.   These hundreds of nominees and their families can't wait for us to  figure this out when we get back from the August recess. The Senator  from Alabama needs to fix this now. If the Senator from Alabama refuses  to lift his hold, he will be forcing families to either pull their kids  out of classes in the middle of the school year or spend the year  hundreds or even thousands of miles away from their loved ones.   Over 500 Active-Duty military spouses recently delivered a petition  to the Senator from Alabama urging him to release his hold and to end  this uncertainty for military families. They said it was ``highly  inappropriate and unpatriotic to wage a political battle by using  military servicemembers as pawns.''   These Active-Duty military spouses got it right. Spouses and families  support our servicemembers. If we treat them and their service with  this level of profound disrespect, we will only be exacerbating our  country's military recruiting challenges.   We recently held a confirmation hearing for Gen. C.Q. Brown, the  President's nominee to be the next Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of  Staff. As the Senator from Alabama noted, General Brown has had to move  20 times over the course of his military career. General Brown was very  clear about the consequences of the holds that the Senator from Alabama  has imposed. He says that ``we will lose talent.''   Our senior military leaders don't want to be a political football,  but even they are starting to speak out about the impact of these  holds. The Deputy Commanding General of the U.S. Army Europe and Africa  called these tactics ``reprehensible, irresponsible, and dangerous.''   Our civilian leaders are deeply concerned as well. In April, I sent a  letter to Defense Secretary Austin asking about the impact of holding  up these military promotions. Secretary Austin wrote: ``[T]he longer  that this hold persists, the greater the risk the U.S. military runs in  every theater, every domain, and every service.'' General Austin went  on to point out that these unprecedented and unnecessary holds are  creating ``rising disquiet from our allies and partners, at a moment  when our competitors and adversaries are watching.''   As I have mentioned before, there is bipartisan opposition to the  Senator from Alabama's actions. Seven former Defense Secretaries,  including ones who served under President Trump and President George W.  Bush, sent a letter stating that leaving senior positions ``in doubt at  a time of enormous geopolitical uncertainty sends the wrong message to  our adversaries and could weaken our deterrence.''    The first time I came to the floor to ask the Senator from Alabama to  let these promotions move forward, he was holding up 184 nominees. The  second time I asked him to step aside, the number was up to 221 top- level servicemembers. Now, we have 273 leaders who have been blocked  from assuming leadership positions that they have earned  [[Page S3599]]  and that we need them to occupy in order to keep our country safe.   The Senator from Alabama is single-handedly holding up 10 four-star  commanders, 54 three-star commanders, multiple Silver Star and Purple  Heart recipients, the next Commandant of the Marine Corps, the next  Chief of Staff of the Army, and the next Chairman of the Joint Chiefs  of Staff.   We have voted on this abortion policy. The Senate Armed Services  Committee has held a briefing with the Department of Defense on this  issue. We have held a briefing with the Department of Justice. The  Department of Justice has issued a legal opinion that DOD is well  within the law. Secretary Austin has personally called the Senator from  Alabama to urge him to relent.   I am hopeful that the Senator from Alabama will finally do the right  thing and allow these servicemembers to carry out their  responsibilities to our Nation. We owe this to the people who put their  lives on the line for Active service for our country and to the  families who serve by making these lives possible.   The Senator from Alabama should relent for the families, should  relent for the Active-Duty members of the military, and should relent  for the security of our Nation.   I yield the floor.   