 Mr. President, today I rise to recognize an  anniversary. Typically, people think of anniversaries as a happy time.  Unfortunately, this is one of those anniversaries that we in Las Vegas  and Nevada and many across this country and around the world look at as  one of the worst tragedies that we have experienced in this country.   Six years ago, my hometown of Las Vegas experienced the worst mass  shooting in modern American history. One gunman took the lives of 58  people that night; 2 more died later from their injuries; and thousands  of families will never be the same.   On October 1, 2017, at the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival in Las  Vegas, tens of thousands of people were listening to music; they were  dancing; and they were enjoying the festivities.   That was until the gunfire started. In a matter of minutes, the  gunman fired over 1,000 bullets into the crowd, leaving 58 dead and  hundreds wounded. Two more concertgoers died from their injuries in the  aftermath. The shock, the horror, the pain all come flooding back even  now.   I will never forget sitting with families at the reunification center  in Las Vegas that day after, praying that, along with the families,  they would hear good news for their lost loved ones. But not all of  them did. Too many lives were taken that night and far too soon.   If not for the heroes of that day who put their lives on the line to  save others, even more lives would have been lost.   One of those heroes was Erick Silva.   Erick was from Las Vegas. He attended Las Vegas High School--by the  way, the same high school that my parents attended--and after he  graduated, he planned to become a police officer. In August 2017, he  celebrated his 21st birthday. He would never celebrate another. Less  than 2 months later, on October 1, Erick was working as a security  guard at the festival. When the gunfire started, Erick ran into the  crowd. He did not run away. He ran into the crowd to help, boosting  concert-goers over barricades so they could exit the rain of bullets  that was coming down. And in that effort to save lives, Erick lost his.  He gave his life while saving others.   I remember speaking with Erick's mother, Angelica, at his funeral. Of  course, her whole world had been turned upside down, but she knew that  her son had died a hero. Erick would have been 27 this year, and, every  year, Angelica celebrates her son's birthday with friends and family to  remember Erick's life and honor his memory. His mother is making sure  that her son and his heroism are never forgotten, and I can promise you  we will never forget.   We will never forget Erick and the 59 others who lost their lives to  senseless gun violence that night and in this country. We will never  forget all of those people who put other people's lives, really, over  their own that day. We will never forget the hundreds of concert-goers  who are still dealing with those injuries and the thousands who are  still coping with the trauma from the terror they witnessed that night.   We will never forget the first responders, the healthcare workers,  and the everyday Nevadans who dropped everything to help save lives in  the  [[Page S4744]]  aftermath because, even in our darkest hour, we are Vegas Strong; we  are resilient; and together we will work to make sure this kind of  tragedy never happens again.   In Nevada, we have taken action to do that by passing comprehensive  background checks and red flag laws as well as banning the bump stocks  used in the Route 91 shooting. Now, that is at the State level. We can  do more. We can do that for the country as a whole if Congress is  willing to work together. We can pass our bipartisan bill to outlaw  bump stocks that turn guns into high-capacity killing machines. These  devices aren't used for recreation. They are only used to commit mass  violence. Let's get rid of them.   In working together in Congress, we can pass comprehensive background  checks to make sure the criminals can't exploit loopholes to buy  dangerous weapons. The vast majority of Americans supports this. I am  proud of the work that we have done to pass the Bipartisan Safer  Communities Act last year. That was historic legislation to curb gun  violence and fund mental health programs. We did that working together  across the aisle.   So we can and we must do more. We owe it to Erick, to his family, to  the families of the fallen, and to Americans across the country. So  let's come together in a bipartisan way and put action behind those  words ``never forget.'' Until we do, we are at risk of history  repeating itself.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   