 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New  York for yielding and his support of the resolution, along with his  decades of work supporting the Jewish-American community.   Before I speak on this resolution, Mr. Speaker, I am compelled to  mention the tragic shooting that took place in my district last night  in Hollywood Beach. My heart goes out to the victims, their families,  and everyone affected by this tragic act of gun violence.   I thank Mayor Josh Levy, the first responders, dispatchers, hospital  staff, and local leaders that are working around the clock to take care  of their community. We wish the speediest of recoveries to all of those  injured.   Tonight, I rise in strong support of my resolution to properly  recognize Jewish American Heritage Month and condemn the rising scourge  of anti-Semitism that Jewish Americans face. It is also not lost on me  that today marks the first day of the trial for the domestic terrorist  alleged to have carried out the Tree of Life synagogue shooting. Our  hearts are with the victims, their families, and the entire Pittsburgh  community today.   I am not sure there are words that could encapsulate the pride that I  have for this year's historic Jewish American Heritage Month. For the  first time, the House and the Senate will both mark Jewish American  Heritage Month, or by its nickname JAHM, by considering and passing  bipartisan resolutions with the support of House Members and Senators  from across the country.   In 2005, during my first term in office, I introduced the legislation  that passed the House, and with the assistance of the late Arlen  Specter in the Senate, urging then-President Bush to proclaim the  national observation of a month recognizing Jewish Americans'  contributions to the rich tapestry that comprises diversity that makes  our Nation truly great.   Since 2006, each May, every President, including Presidents Bush,  Obama, Trump, and Biden, have issued JAHM proclamations.   While this month is a time of celebration, we must also never forget  that JAHM is a critical tool in countering anti-Semitism. The FBI  reports that even though Jewish Americans account for only a little  over 2 percent of the population in the United States, they are victims  of 63 percent of reported religiously motivated hate crimes.   In addition, the Anti-Defamation League's Audit of Antisemitic  Incidents in 2022 tracked 3,697 anti-Semitic incidents in the United  States, representing a 36 percent increase from 2021 and the largest  number on record since the ADL began tracking anti-Semitic incidents in  1979.   However, one of the most effective ways to combat anti-Semitism is  through education and awareness, which is a paramount reason why JAHM  is so important; so much so that the Biden administration recently  released the first-ever U.S. National Strategy to Counter Antisemitism,  which specifically directs Federal agencies to organize and participate  in Jewish American Heritage Month events and calls on State and local  leaders to use JAHM to raise awareness of anti-Semitism while  celebrating the contributions and impact of Jewish Americans on our  society.   We need Jews and non-Jews alike to learn about all the remarkable  Jewish Americans who served in government or the military, or those who  won Nobel Prizes, led universities and corporations, or made lifesaving  medical discoveries.   Unfortunately, it is not widely known that so many significant  contributions to American success were led by Jewish Americans. In  fact, due to our small numbers, there are still pockets of this country  where some Americans have never met a Jewish person. I have witnessed  that here in this building with some of our colleagues representing  districts with either no or few Jewish Americans. That is why I have  encouraged my colleagues and community leaders at large to embrace JAHM  as a chance to share stories and host events or conversations in your  own districts and communities.   I hope that each year, JAHM continues to grow to become a widely  celebrated heritage month, joining the ranks of the other rightfully  important heritage months that highlight our strengths and diversity.   America would not be what it is today, or what it someday can be,  without such a rich mosaic of people. No other nation has that.   While this resolution will not stop hate or anti-Semitism in its  tracks, it uses the full voice of Congress to say that there is more  that unites us than divides us. It says that whether your culture or  religion makes up 20 percent or 2 percent of the population, you belong  and should be safe here. It says   [[Page H2660]]  hate will have no space here, no matter who it targets.    I know that the concept of JAHM and the anti-hate messages it  represents are worthy of this House's support.   In closing, I would be remiss if I did not thank my co-leads on this  resolution, Congressman Kustoff of Tennessee, the distinguished  Democratic leader, Mr. Jeffries of New York, and Congressman  Fitzpatrick of Pennsylvania.   I also thank Majority Leader Scalise, Democratic Whip Clark,  Judiciary Committee Chairman Jordan, and Ranking Member Nadler, as well  as their staff, and especially my staff, for their work to bring this  timely resolution to the floor during Jewish American Heritage Month.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this important resolution.   