 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, since the Supreme Court overturned Roe v.  Wade, which protected a woman's right to make decisions over her own  body, we have heard countless, heart-wrenching stories coming out of  anti-choice States. We have heard about the 10-year-old girl from Ohio  who was raped and had to travel to Indiana to receive an abortion. We  have heard about the case of a 13-year-old girl from Mississippi who  was also raped, but because of her State's strict abortion ban, she had  to give birth before even starting the seventh grade. Now we have  learned of yet another instance where anti-choice politicians have  decided that they know better than a woman and her doctors.   Kate Cox--well, she is a working mom from Texas. She and her husband  are the young parents of two beautiful kids, ages 1 and 3. They love  their children, and they have always wanted a large family. They have  always wanted that. That is why they were overjoyed when they learned  that Kate was pregnant with her third child. But sadly, tragically,  during her pregnancy, the doctors told Kate that the baby girl she was  carrying--that baby--had a fatal condition, which meant she would not  survive. This was heartbreaking for Kate, for her husband, for her  family, but for Kate, as a woman, this was heartbreaking.   What should have been a moment of privacy for Kate and her family has  turned into a public tragedy. Because of Texas's restrictive abortion  ban, she was barred--barred--from terminating her nonviable pregnancy  even though doctors said that continuing it would put her life in  danger and--and--risk her ability to have future children, that large  family she and her husband always dreamed of. Instead, Kate was forced  to go to court to fight for her own medical procedure--the procedure  she needs to save her own life. Right before the Texas Supreme Court  ruled against her, Kate Cox--well, she was forced to leave her home  State of Texas in order to get the lifesaving care she needs.   For the first time in 50 years, anti-choice judges have ruled as to  whether or not a woman can have an abortion. Can this really be  happening--judges, a panel of judges, deciding your healthcare?   What makes this all the more heartbreaking is that when Roe v. Wade  was overturned, we all knew--we knew--cases like this would happen. Now  this is the terrifying reality women face in a post-Roe world, where  lawyers and judges make the healthcare decisions, not your doctors or  your healthcare providers, and it has been made possible by decades of  anti-choice extremists who have fought to put politicians-- politicians--between women and their private medical conditions.   The abortion bans passed by anti-choice States are not only cruel but  also dangerous and life-threatening to women like Kate--women who are  already living through the worst nightmare of being told their babies  have no chance to live, and then--then--they are prevented from getting  the lifesaving care they need by a legal system. Instead of being able  to listen to their doctors to save their lives, the legal system is in  charge of their healthcare.   It is not just in Texas, and it is not just at the State level. Last  year, Senate Republicans introduced legislation in this very Chamber to  enact a nationwide abortion ban, a national abortion ban--one that  would strip all women in every State, including our State of Nevada,  Madam President, of their fundamental right to control their own  bodies.   A nationwide abortion ban would be devastating on a whole new level.  It would mean more stories like Kate's, except this time--this time-- there would be nowhere for a woman to go to get the lifesaving care she  needs. Let's be clear. If this happens, women will die. Their children,  if they have other children, would be left without a mother.   This is exactly what anti-choice extremists want. Their latest  attempt is to ban the abortion pill that women have been using safely  for decades. Just today, the Supreme Court has agreed to hear that  case.   This is why we can't give up. We can't give up. We must continue to  fight on to protect a woman's right to choose, to make the decisions  that are right for her and her family in the privacy of her doctor's  office.   As long as I am here, I will oppose any efforts to enact a nationwide  abortion ban--a ban that would punish women for making their own  healthcare decisions.   We must do more to protect women living in anti-choice States--women  like Kate and the young girls from Mississippi and Ohio and States all  across this country. That is why I helped introduce legislation that  protects women from prosecution by anti-choice States for crossing  State lines to receive the reproductive care they need.  [[Page S5940]]  We have to protect women from prosecution for getting the lifesaving  care they need.   This is why passing the Women's Health Protection Act and protecting  reproductive freedoms under Federal law is critical. If we fail to act,  women will continue to suffer, and women will die.   We will not--we cannot--we cannot back away from the fight to protect  women's reproductive freedom. I will always stand with women, and I  will always stand with our right to choose.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Rebecca  Modiano, my Navy legislative fellow, who has provided tremendous  support to my office over the past year, be granted floor privileges  for the remainder of the week.   