 Mr. Speaker, we are where we are at today, at  the precipice of ruin, because extreme Republicans chose to hold  Americans hostage by refusing to pay America's bills. Their chaos  created fear and stress as Americans worried about a catastrophic  recession.   Extreme Republicans' ransom demand was the default on America act, a  proposal which targeted rural communities, Head Start, veterans'  healthcare, and more, with 22 percent tax cuts--all to pay for the  Trump tax cuts for the wealthiest CEOs that added $2 trillion to the  deficit.   Rather than making the wealthiest pay their fair share, extreme  Republicans wanted to balance the budget on American's growling, hungry  stomachs.   Democrats proposed amendments to the default on America act to  protect programs like rural development and veterans' healthcare  programs. Republicans rejected every amendment.   So we went to our communities. We told them the truth about what the  Republicans' default on America act would do. Americans listened, and  they spoke out against the Republicans' plan.   When Democrats and President Biden's team went into the room to  negotiate with Republicans, the voices of veterans, seniors, and  working Americans went in, too.   Now, we have H.R. 3746. The bill does save us from economic  catastrophe. It rejects the most extreme and cruel proposals contained  in the Republicans' default on America act. It allows advanced  appropriations for the Indian Health Service, and protects clean energy  tax credits and healthcare for veterans.   Is it perfect? Absolutely not.   I do not support many of the changes to our environmental laws and  our social safety net programs.   Let's talk fiscal responsibility for a moment. President Trump  increased the debt by $8 trillion. In contrast, President Biden reduced  the deficit in his first 2 years alone by $1.7 trillion, while creating  12 million jobs, bringing manufacturing back, and making the largest  investments to address the climate crisis ever.   The bill today reduces the deficit by only $1.5 trillion. If we had  merely passed the President's budget, we would have decreased the  deficit by $3 trillion, without creating the fear and economic  insecurity that extreme MAGA Republicans have forced Americans to  endure.   Let me repeat this point: This crisis didn't have to happen.  Everything in this bill could have been negotiated through the  normal process without a debt crisis. Indeed, that is how it has almost  always been done, except for in 2011 when the Republicans did this  before. The American people need to tell the Republicans: No more  hostage taking.    