 Mr. Speaker, Democrats believe in putting people  over politics. Last Congress, Democrats tackled climate change and  brought down energy costs for the American people. Those investments in  the Inflation Reduction Act have already spurred investments in clean  energy projects and created good-paying jobs. At a time when we see  rising costs, the Inflation Reduction Act will save the average  American family $1,800 a year.   The Biden administration is also moving forward with an important  rule to limit methane emissions nationwide. New Mexico led the way on  this. We strengthened our methane emissions rules in 2021.   The Energy Information Administration data shows that even though we  strengthened our methane emissions, we grew year after year for 5 years  in natural gas and energy production. The Land of Enchantment shows us  that we don't have to sacrifice the environment for energy production.   H.R. 1 would sacrifice the environment and put polluters over people.  Members of the majority are pursuing this at a time when CEOs for large  corporations have made record profits. While the industry made $451  billion in profits just last year, New Mexicans and people throughout  rural America were taking groceries out of their carts to pay for gas.   H.R. 1 will not make it cheaper for the ranchers I know in Colfax  County to fill up their trucks. Republicans dispute this and say the  bill will lower costs. Let's see.   I offered an amendment to see if that is true. My amendment simply  states that H.R. 1 does not take effect until the Secretaries of Energy  and of the Interior certify that it will lower costs for American  taxpayers and consumers.   What did the Republicans do with this commonsense amendment? They  voted it down unanimously.   What are they afraid of seeing?   What are they afraid of debating?   The reality is H.R. 1 guts our longstanding environmental safeguards.  It makes it easier to dump toxic and hazardous wastes. It threatens  clean drinking water and lines the pockets of the wealthiest CEOs.   The Clean Water Act has long been key to protecting America's water.  As  [[Page H1481]]  we say, ``agua es vida'', ``water is life.'' This bill guts our Clean  Water Act in favor of polluters.   The Republicans also rejected my amendment to protect our water from  mining for our farmers, ranchers, and Tribes. We have to remember that  the mining that is proposed that would decimate our waters is often  proposed by Chinese-owned subsidiaries or foreign-owned subsidiaries.   The Republicans also blocked an amendment that would have required  that Chinese subsidiaries not own our minerals.   