 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this amendment would strike Section 8149  from the bill, removing language banning the Department of Defense from  classifying or facilitating the classification of any communications by  a United States person as misinformation, disinformation, or  malinformation, and banning the Department of Defense from partnering  with nonpartisan, nonprofit, outside experts to identify these threats.   As we know, misinformation, disinformation, and malinformation are  three of the most important and far-reaching weapons of America's  adversaries in Beijing, Tehran, and particularly the Kremlin.   According to the State Department, Russia has operationalized the  concept of perpetual adversarial competition in the information  environment by encouraging the development of a disinformation and  propaganda ecosystem. This ecosystem then creates and spreads false  narratives to strategically advance the Kremlin's policy goals. There  is no subject off limits to this firehose of falsehoods. Everything  from human rights and environmental policy to assassinations and  civilian-killing bombing campaigns are fair targets in Russia's malign  playbook.   Only truth disarms these disinformation weapons, and the House of  Representatives must support our government to ensure that foreign  adversaries do not use the American people to disseminate lies with the  goal of destroying our democracy without identifying them as  misinformation, disinformation, or malinformation.   Here are some truths: The Federal Government of the United States of  America and the Department of Defense that we are working here to fund  today are unequivocally responsible for the protection of American  citizens from all enemies, all threats foreign or domestic. All threats  mean all threats, whether the threat is kinetic, economic, infectious,  in cyberspace or on Main Street. It is our job to provide the defense  of the Nation and its people.   We must continue to come together to seek and promote the truth, and  I urge my colleagues to approve this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, we all believe in the importance of the  First  [[Page H4601]]  Amendment. We all believe in the American people's ability and their  right to be able to speak out. What we also need to be aware of is the  use of misinformation, disinformation by our foreign adversaries, and  for the ability of our government to label that as such. It is not to  stop people from saying it. It is the ability for us to tell what are  lies and what is truth.   I am the ranking member on the Select Subcommittee on the  Weaponization of the Federal Government, and what the American people  have seen thus far from that committee is the weaponization of Congress  to be able to put forward conspiracy theories and lies to support power  and quest for conquest over the American people.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum).    Mr. Chair, I have nothing further, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   