 Mr. Speaker, there are human beings behind every single  number that we talk about. Folks want to debate policy and different  kinds of extremist agenda items when they are in charge. They can have  committee hearings and deal with it separately, but right now we are  literally hours away from direct impact on children and families and  even the Federal workers, many of whom are living paycheck-to-paycheck.   A government shutdown will harm the American people. That should be  at the center of the urgency that needs to be met in this Chamber as we  move forward.   I know in Michigan I am going to see 207,000 women and children lose  the WIC program that provides nutrition assistance, and literally  120,000 of them are children.   I still remember, Mr. Speaker, in 2019 there was a shutdown for 35  days. Colleagues were wondering why the Federal workers were in food  bank lines. Why can't they get loans, one of them said. What are you  talking about? These are Federal workers who are living--like a  majority of Americans--paycheck-to-paycheck, and you are expecting them  to pay their rent, get  [[Page H4895]]  food on the table, all the utilities which continue to go up, but let's  go ahead and cut LIHEAP by 75 percent.   Republicans' priorities in this Chamber are clear: starve, evict  families living in poverty, and cut people from essential services.  They don't care. You don't care because they are going to continue to  get paid. You all are going to continue to get paid while your  residents are being impacted. If I hear you lying one more time to the  American people and saying that Federal employees are going to get  paid, they are not. They are going to be forced to work with no pay,  especially those on military bases, especially those that, again, are  on the front lines that cannot just sit at home while you all fight  amongst each other.    It is time for Republicans to stop playing these games with the  American people's lives. They know this is an extremist bill; many of  them know. It is not going to go anywhere.   The American people, Mr. Speaker, deserve better.   