 Madam President, it is my real honor today to join  Senator Barrasso of Wyoming and Senator Carper of Delaware in support  of legislation to rename the Shoshoni, WY, Post Office the Dessie A.  Bebout Post Office.   Wyoming is full of exceptional women, and Dessie was surely one of  them. In the years following the Pearl Harbor attack, Dessie was one of  the first women to enlist in the WAVES, the Women Accepted for  Volunteer Emergency Services.   Dessie traveled by train across the country to New York City for  basic training. She was later stationed in Seattle for 2\1/2\ years,  where she was responsible for recording the arrival and departure of  sailors to and from the Pacific Fleet.   Dessie then married Herbert ``Hugh'' Bebout, also a Wyoming native,  and, in 1945, they moved back to Wyoming to start their life together.  They raised five children, and today their family has grown to 13  grandchildren and 19 great-grandchildren.   In 1962, Dessie became the postmaster of the Shoshoni post office.  Her exemplary service was recognized when she was awarded the Order of  the Vest, which is the highest honor given to postmasters.   Dessie Bebout passed away in May of this year at the age of 102  years. She lived up to what it means to be part of the Greatest  Generation. It is very fitting that we rename the Shoshoni Post Office  after Dessie Bebout. It serves as a small token of our appreciation for  her service to Wyoming and our country.   Now I would like to yield the floor to the senior Senator from  Wyoming, John Barrasso, whose inspired idea to name the post office in  Shoshoni after Dessie Bebout brings us here today.    Madam President, it is my real honor today to join  Senator Barrasso of Wyoming and Senator Carper of Delaware in support  of legislation to rename the Shoshoni, WY, Post Office the Dessie A.  Bebout Post Office.   Wyoming is full of exceptional women, and Dessie was surely one of  them. In the years following the Pearl Harbor attack, Dessie was one of  the first women to enlist in the WAVES, the Women Accepted for  Volunteer Emergency Services.   Dessie traveled by train across the country to New York City for  basic training. She was later stationed in Seattle for 2\1/2\ years,  where she was responsible for recording the arrival and departure of  sailors to and from the Pacific Fleet.   Dessie then married Herbert ``Hugh'' Bebout, also a Wyoming native,  and, in 1945, they moved back to Wyoming to start their life together.  They raised five children, and today their family has grown to 13  grandchildren and 19 great-grandchildren.   In 1962, Dessie became the postmaster of the Shoshoni post office.  Her exemplary service was recognized when she was awarded the Order of  the Vest, which is the highest honor given to postmasters.   Dessie Bebout passed away in May of this year at the age of 102  years. She lived up to what it means to be part of the Greatest  Generation. It is very fitting that we rename the Shoshoni Post Office  after Dessie Bebout. It serves as a small token of our appreciation for  her service to Wyoming and our country.   Now I would like to yield the floor to the senior Senator from  Wyoming, John Barrasso, whose inspired idea to name the post office in  Shoshoni after Dessie Bebout brings us here today.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following interns in my office be granted floor privileges until July  13, 2023: Michael Newman, Jennifer Campos, and Ianna Harrison.   