 Mr. Speaker, this NDAA conference report contains  several important provisions that I support. These include the  authorization of $300 million for the Ukraine Security Assistance  Initiative, $300 million for construction of new military childcare  centers, excluding the Basic Allowance for Housing (BAH) from the Basic  Needs Allowance (BNA), and providing a 5.2 percent pay raise for  servicemembers. The conference agreement also strikes many of the most  problematic provisions from the House-passed NDAA, including provisions  preventing female servicemembers from accessing reproductive care,  preventing gender-affirming care for transgender servicemembers, and  multiple provisions that would worsen our climate crisis. I'm relieved  these harmful provisions will not become law.   I also strongly support a provision of the bill that is especially  important to my Congressional District: the authorization of $40  million for the Fort Hunter Liggett Network Enterprise Center. Fort  Hunter Liggett is the U.S. Army Reserve's largest training  installation, but many of its facilities, including the Network  Enterprise Center, are badly in need of repair or replacement. This  funding will allow for the construction of a new Network Enterprise  Center to enable the installation to continue to meet its mission.   However, the NDAA conference report regrettably also contains a very  controversial extension of current warrantless surveillance authorities  by intelligence and law enforcement agencies. Airdropped into the NDAA  conference report is a seemingly-innocuous `short-term' reauthorization  of Section 702 of FISA until April 19, 2024. However, this `short-term'  reauthorization masks a de facto 16-month extension for surveillance  programs that law enforcement and intelligence agencies admit bypass  the Fourth Amendment. This extension greenlights continued use of  Section 702 despite its well-documented history of abuse and allows the  government's unchecked access to Americans' personal data without a  warrant. I absolutely cannot vote to  [[Page H6960]]  extend FISA's Section 702, even temporarily, and therefore will cast a  NAY vote on the NDAA conference report.   Instead of embracing the surveillance status quo, Congress needs to  reform Section 702 to protect Americans' civil liberties. Congressional  leadership must bring the Protect Liberty and End Warrantless  Surveillance Act to the floor for a vote. The Judiciary Committee  recently passed this pivotal surveillance reform bill, by an  overwhelming bipartisan vote, that is largely inspired by the  bicameral, bipartisan Government Surveillance Reform Act that I  introduced with Rep. Warren Davidson.   