 Madam President, we now have one week left until the  Senate is scheduled to recess for the end of the year. While this year  is quickly coming to an end, our work in this body is far from over,  especially as it relates to our national security.   Yesterday, the Armed Services Committee, on which I sit, released a  text of fiscal year 2024 National Defense Authorization Act conference  report. This year's NDAA contains critical investments in our  servicemembers, our military infrastructure, and our national security  at large. Importantly, this year's NDAA contains a 5.2-percent pay  raise for our troops--the most significant raise in more than 20  years--and  [[Page S5841]]  prevents large cuts to servicemembers' overseas cost-of-living  adjustment accounts.   The bill also includes several provisions I fought to secure to  improve servicemembers' quality of life, including a pilot program to  give military secretaries greater authority to replace substandard  barracks.   As we work to defend our allies and prevent conflict in the Pacific,  this year's NDAA contains a number of provisions to strengthen our  posture throughout the Indo-Pacific, including establishing a strategy  for missile defense of Hawaii and the Indo-Pacific region, providing  greater flexibility to bolster military infrastructure in the region  and authorizing funding for multilateral training campaigns with our  allies and partners in the Indo-Pacific.   As home to Indo-Pacific Command and the tip of the spear of any  conflict in the Pacific, Hawaii plays an especially important role in  our common defense, a role that is even more meaningful today on the  82nd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor.   But as is the case across our country, much of the Defense  Department's post-World War II infrastructure in Hawaii is in desperate  need of repair or replacement. That is why I secured language in the  bill directing INDOPACOM to provide a report to Congress on the state  of all DOD infrastructure in Hawaii so that we can get serious about  modernization.   At a time of global instability, it is essential that we pass this  conference report as we have every year for the last 62 years to  protect our Nation and reaffirm our global leadership.   The United States plays a key role and a vital role in supporting our  allies across the globe. That is why the Senate is also working on a  supplemental funding package to provide much needed assistance to our  international partners, including two nations defending their rights to  exist.   For nearly 2 years, Ukrainians have bravely fought off Putin's unjust  and brutal invasion with the support of the United States, support  President Zelenskyy himself has said is essential to his country's  success. But now, at a critical moment in this war, Republicans are  holding up essential aid for Ukraine in exchange for unrelated  permanent immigration policy changes. The Biden administration and the  Ukrainians have been clear: Time is of the essence. And without United  States' aid, Putin will likely be able to gain ground.   Meanwhile, Israel is working to defend itself and its fundamental  right to exist in the wake of Hamas's brutal October 7 terror attack.  In the days following the attack, there seemed to be bipartisan  consensus about the need to get additional aid to Israel as quickly as  possible. But just days later, House Republicans opted to tie this much  needed assistance to an unrelated partisan domestic policy demand-- gutting IRS tax enforcement. Republicans claim this proposal would  offset the cost of aid to Israel, when, in fact, it would cost our  government money in terms of lost tax revenues.   The House Republican bill also neglected to include any of the White  House's request for funding to address the humanitarian crisis in Gaza.   In addition to funding for Ukraine and Israel, the Senate package  also includes language to renew the Compacts of Free Association, or  COFA. These compacts--with Palau, the Marshall Islands, and  Micronesia--provide the United States exclusive military jurisdiction  in these strategic Pacific nations, critical to our national security,  in exchange for defense and other benefits for COFA citizens.   It is hard to overstate the importance of these compacts to our  operations in the Pacific and to our national security. For the first  time in nearly 30 years, these agreements also reinstate access to  Federal benefits for COFA citizens, thousands of whom legally live,  work, and pay taxes in the United States.   The American people are counting on us. And, perhaps, more  importantly, they are looking to us, watching, to see whether we can  set aside partisan politics and do our jobs. If we fail to pass this  supplemental national security funding package, it will send a message  to our allies and adversaries alike that when it matters most, the  United States cannot be counted on and this Congress cannot do its job.    This is not a game. There is no backstop here. If we fail to do our  jobs, people will die, our allies will suffer losses, our national  security will be degraded, and our leadership role as a great nation  that defends democratic values will be significantly undermined.   I thank Leader Schumer, Chairman Reed, and those of our Republican  colleagues who are working diligently in good faith to find a path  forward on all of these priorities because failure is not an option  here. With stakes this high, we have to get this done. I implore my  colleagues to come to the table so we can do so. The world is watching.   I yield the floor.   