 Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R.  5894--Labor, Health, and Human Services, Education, and Related  Agencies Appropriations Act, 2024.   House Republicans had an opportunity to engage in a productive,  bipartisan appropriations process, but instead are wasting time with  partisan bills that cut domestic spending to levels well below the  Fiscal Responsibility Act agreement and endanger critical services for  the American people.   As with all the additional appropriation bills that have been up for  consideration on the House Floor, I strongly oppose the passage of this  bill for a myriad of reasons.   The 2024 Labor, Health, and Human Services, Education, and Related  Agencies Appropriations Act provides $163 billion, which is a 28  percent cut of $64 billion, and brings us back to a level unseen since  2008.   This dangerous and irresponsible legislation would do the following:   Decimate support for children in K-12 elementary schools and early  childhood education.   Abandon college students and low-income workers trying to improve  their lives through higher education or job training.   Stifle lifesaving biomedical innovation by cutting funding for cancer  research, mental health research, and neurological research, and by  slashing funding for advanced research projects intended to develop new  cures and therapies.   Surrender to ongoing public health crises in mental health, opioid  use, HIV/AIDS, and health disparities.   Harm women's health by cutting programs that support maternal and  child health, eliminating programs that provide access to health  services and contraception, and adding numerous partisan and poison  pill riders related to abortion and reproductive health.   This bill is out of regular order. It was never marked up and  considered in the House Appropriations committee.   There is no example of this happening in the last 20 years.   House Republicans are stripping $63.8 billion away from Texas, making  it harder for Texans to access education, health care, employment, and  more.   I think we can all agree children are our future and that we should  invest to make our future better and brighter.   As Chair of the Congressional Children's Caucus, I am extremely  passionate about the wellbeing and education of children.   Which is why I offered the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 51 as  incorporated in the En Bloc.   Despite the horrible provisions throughout the entirety of this  appropriations bill, the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 51 as incorporated  into En Bloc Amendment is an important amendment that would increase by  $2 million the Head Start Act, including Head Start partnerships.   One of the objectives of the Congressional Children's Caucus is to  ensure that all the children in this country have an opportunity to  receive an education, including early childhood development.   Head Start helps all children succeed, especially vulnerable  children.   If we continue to underfund education in the United States, our  children will suffer, we will dismantle public education, and we will  be weaker as a nation.   This legislation would kick teachers out of classrooms.   The United States is already in a teacher shortage and this bill  would cut another 22,300 teachers from Texas schools due to cuts from  Title 1.   This bill would severely impact teachers and students all over the  state of Texas, where the Texas Education Agency has already decided to  unnecessarily takeover Houston ISD.   Houston ISD is the largest school district in the state, with a  student population of more than 200,000, according to a breakdown by  the Texas Tribune.   A TEA takeover would have a negative impact on each Independent  School District (ISD) because a board of managers are not elected, and  they don't have to answer to the constituents in those districts.   State takeovers in other districts have led to school closures,  layoffs, and no improvements in test scores.   The vast majority of school districts that have been taken over by  state agencies (TEA included) have not improved but declined.  [[Page H5745]]    TEA has no experience managing a district of 200k-plus scholars and  we should not suffer as the guinea pigs.   Texas is behind the national average of how much the state spends per  student in the classroom.   More specifically, data from the U.S. Census Bureau shows that Texas  spends $3,000 less than the national average.   We have to stop the State from intermeddling and overstepping into  our educational systems--causing further harm and damage to our  communities.   This legislation will make cuts to schools and communities that are  already suffering.   With the pandemic, burnout and the rise in the cost of living,  teachers are already struggling, and this bill will only add to that.   Without the support of our teachers, students will be left behind.   I also offered the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 24 as incorporated in  the En Bloc.   Again, despite the horrible provisions throughout the entirety of  this bill, the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 24 as incorporated into En  Bloc Amendment is an important amendment that would increase and  decrease by $2 million the National Cancer Institute in order to  research triple negative breast cancer.   Breast cancer accounts for 12.5 percent of all new annual cancer  cases worldwide, making it the most common cancer in the world.   This issue is extremely important, especially for the brave men and  women in the military, who are up to 20-40 percent more likely to  develop breast cancer.   There are few people in this country whose lives have not been  touched by breast cancer.   Yet, there are persistent disparities in breast cancer incidence and  death rates.   Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death in the  United States for Black and Hispanic women.   Black women are more likely to die from breast cancer than women of  any other racial or ethnic group.   Experts believe that it's partially because about 1 in 5 Black women  is diagnosed with triple-negative breast cancer, more than any other  racial or ethnic group.   Compared with non-Hispanic white women, Black women are less likely  to receive guideline adherent care and have an approximate 2-fold  higher mortality incidence, resulting in a disproportionately higher  risk of death from Triple Negative Breast Cancer.   Triple Negative Breast Cancer (``TNBC'') is one of many forms of  breast cancer and accounts for about 15-30 percent of all diagnosed  invasive breast cancer cases in the United States.   Due to its aggressive behavior, TNBC grows quickly and is more likely  to have spread at the time it is found and is more likely to come back  after treatment than other types of breast cancer.   TNBC cells do not contain (are ``negative for'') three key receptors  that medicines typically target in other types of breast cancers;  therefore, there are limited treatment options that can be used to  treat the cancer.   Patients with an early diagnosis can often be treated with  chemotherapy, radiation, and surgery; however, the limited therapies  available specifically addressing the management of TNBC has made  treating this disease a challenge for clinicians.   Recent innovation in targeted therapies have fueled advances in the  fight against TNBC.   Advances in breast cancer screening and treatment over the last few  decades have reduced the overall breast cancer mortality rate, yet the  disproportionate impact of TNBC on racial and ethnic minority  communities raises considerations about the underlying determinants  driving the disparities.   It is necessary to promote TNBC education, raise awareness about the  disease-related disparities, and tackle inequities within the health  care delivery such as inadequate access to screening, diagnostic  testing, and care, to improve early detection and survival.   Providing the NIH with the resources necessary to research TNBC could  save thousands of lives each year.   The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 24 would allow for more research so we  can one day hopefully learn a way to reduce the number of Americans  affected by breast cancer.   Additionally, I have introduced H.R. 225, the Triple-Negative Breast  Cancer Research and Education Act of 2023, which focuses on expanding,  intensifying, and coordinating programs for the conduct and support of  research on triple-negative breast cancer, a type of breast cancer that  is difficult to detect but disproportionately impacts African American  and Hispanic women.   While these Jackson Lee Amendments are important, the negatives of  this appropriations bill vastly outweigh these positive amendments-- which is why H.R. 5894 must be voted down.   Importantly, this bill is harmful for women's reproductive rights.   Access to abortion and fertility care is essential to a person's  freedom, including for service members, to make decisions about their  health and well-being, and having control over their economic security.   Anti-abortion policymakers want to take away women's ability to make  personal decisions about their health and safety.   We must defend their freedom to control their own bodies, lives, and  futures.   The shameful attacks on women's reproductive health rights make it  crystal clear: anti-abortion lawmakers will take any action to ensure  people cannot access abortion care.   Anti-abortion lawmakers are pushing an extreme agenda to take away  service women's freedom and autonomy, all while trying to claim they  support women's rights.   Access to reproductive health care, including abortion and fertility  care, is critical to our democracy and overall well-being as a free  nation.   As policymakers, we must ensure that all Americans can access  abortion care without barriers.   We aren't truly free unless we can control our own bodies, lives, and  futures.   Our laws and policies should protect our rights, not try to control  and dehumanize us.   This bill will undoubtedly have a devastating impact on all  Americans.   As we know, the National Institutes of Health has had major progress  in human health advances, promising medical findings, and research  insights.   Yet, significant cuts to NIH make maintaining American research and  development leadership worldwide more challenging at a time when  competitor nations are increasing their support for biomedical  research.   Funding cuts will delay progress towards new cures, treatments, and  diagnostics that benefit the nation and drive our biomedical innovation  economy forward.   Beyond sustaining American leadership in biomedical research, the NIH  is a major catalyst for local economies, directly and indirectly  supporting over 560,000 jobs and producing $96.84 billion in new  economic activity in FY22, equaling an economic return of $2.64 for  every $1 in research funding.   This bill eliminates funding for the Ending the HIV Epidemic  Initiative within the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (-$220  million), the Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program (-$165 million), and  Community Health Centers Program (-$157 million).   The bill also cuts funding for the Minority HIV/AIDS Fund by 53  percent (-$32 million).   We have made significant advances in HIV/AIDS research and it would  be devastating to cut back on the important work that is being done.   Rather than cutting billions of dollars for NIH-supported medical  research occurring in nearly every congressional district across the  country, the House should build on decades of strong bipartisan support  and investment that has led to the lifesaving medications and  treatments Americans rely on every day.   We must fund the NIH and the Department of Health and Human Services  in order to research and solve conditions such as Triple Negative  Breast Cancer, diabetes, and HIV.   This legislation would also impact Federal Work Study programs and  Supplemental Education Opportunity Grants making it more difficult than  it already is for college students to pay for a higher education and  receive financial aid.   The elimination of these programs and the flat funding levels of Pell  Grants for the first time since 2012 would create financial emergencies  for low-income students.   Cutting these programs would not only drive-up student borrowing and  potentially discourage the next generation of students, but it would  also create a real and immediate financial shortfall for current low- income students who have rely on these programs to earn their degree.   This legislation would also take away funding from our elderly  population.   Under the current LHHS bill there would be a $250 million dollar  decrease to the Social Security Administration's customer service  budget at a time when the agency continues to struggle to deliver  timely and accurate service. This year saw continued record high hold  times and wait times for disability claims.   The bill has a $15 million decrease for Elder Rights Supports,  funding used to protect older Americans from elder abuse.   The Senior Community Service Employment Program would be eliminated.  This program provides the opportunity for tens of thousands of older  Americans to find work despite pernicious age discrimination.   This bill negatively impacts every single person in the United States  from the youngest to the oldest.   This bill doesn't choose to impact just Republicans or Democrats.   We will all feel the severity of this bill if it is passed.   We cannot better the lives of everyday Americans with this terrible  bill that eliminates much of the progress that has been made in  education, public health, and the workforce.  [[Page H5746]]    This reckless underlying legislation would painfully impact the lives  of millions of Americans by making disastrous cuts to programs that  workers and families count on every day.   Instead of investing in America, Republicans would rather focus on  advancing unpopular and dangerous right-wing priorities.   The proposal in front of us here today is not a reasonable middle  ground, nor is it even a starting point for discussion.   I recognize that we are in the midst of austere budgetary and  political times, however, we cannot continue to ignore the return on  investment that advanced developments in health research, employment  assistance, and education will yield to the American public.   I urge all my colleagues to oppose this dangerous and shameful bill.    Mr. Chair, pursuant to House Resolution 864, I rise  in support of the En Bloc Amendment incorporating the Jackson Lee  Amendments No. 24 and No. 51 to H.R. 5894--Labor, Health and Human  Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2024.   I thank my colleagues on the Rules Committee for making in order  Jackson Lee Amendment No. 24 and No. 51 and for including them in the  bipartisan En Bloc Amendment.   The Jackson Lee Amendments No. 24 and No. 51 are potentially life  altering amendments in an unfortunate and distracting appropriations  bill.   The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 24 as incorporated into En Bloc  Amendment is an important amendment that seeks to increase and decrease  by $2 million the National Cancer Institute in order to research triple  negative breast cancer.   Breast cancer accounts for 12.5 percent of all new annual cancer  cases worldwide, making it the most common cancer in the world.   This issue is extremely important, especially for the brave men and  women in the military, who are up to 20 to 40 percent more likely to  develop breast cancer.   There are few people in this country whose lives have not been  touched by breast cancer.   Yet, there are persistent disparities in breast cancer incidence and  death rates.   Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death in the  United States for Black and Hispanic women.   Black women are more likely to die from breast cancer than women of  any other racial or ethnic group.   Experts believe that it's partially because about 1 in 5 Black women  is diagnosed with triple-negative breast cancer, more than any other  racial or ethnic group.   Compared with non-Hispanic white women, Black women are less likely  to receive guideline adherent care and have an approximate 2-fold  higher mortality incidence, resulting in a disproportionately higher  risk of death from Triple Negative Breast Cancer.   Triple Negative Breast Cancer (``TNBC'') is one of many forms of  breast cancer and accounts for about 15 to 30 percent of all diagnosed  invasive breast cancer cases in the United States.   Due to its aggressive behavior, TNBC grows quickly and is more likely  to have spread at the time it is found and is more likely to come back  after treatment than other types of breast cancer.   TNBC cells do not contain (are ``negative for'') three key receptors  that medicines typically target in other types of breast cancers;  therefore, there are limited treatment options that can be used to  treat the cancer.   Patients with an early diagnosis can often be treated with  chemotherapy, radiation, and surgery; however, the limited therapies  available specifically addressing the management of TNBC has made  treating this disease a challenge for clinicians.   Recent innovation in targeted therapies have fueled advances in the  fight against TNBC.  [[Page H5770]]    Advances in breast cancer screening and treatment over the last few  decades have reduced the overall breast cancer mortality rate, yet the  disproportionate impact of TNBC on racial and ethnic minority  communities raises considerations about the underlying determinants  driving the disparities.   It is necessary to promote TNBC education, raise awareness about the  disease-related disparities, and tackle inequities within the health  care delivery such as inadequate access to screening, diagnostic  testing, and care, to improve early detection and survival.   The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 24 would allow for more research so we  can one day hopefully learn a way to reduce the number of Americans  affected by breast cancer.   Additionally, I have introduced H.R. 225, the Triple-Negative Breast  Cancer Research and Education Act of 2023, which focuses on expanding,  intensifying, and coordinating programs for the conduct and support of  research on triple-negative breast cancer, a type of breast cancer that  is difficult to detect but disproportionately impacts African American  and Hispanic women.   The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 51 as incorporated into En Bloc  Amendment is an important amendment that seeks to increase and decrease  by $2 million the Head Start Act, including Head Start partnerships.   I think we can all agree children are our future and that we should  invest to make our future better and brighter.   As Chair of the Congressional Children's Caucus, I am extremely  passionate about the wellbeing and education of children.   One of the objectives of the Congressional Children's Caucus is to  ensure that all the children in this country have an opportunity to  receive an education, including early childhood development.   Head Start helps all children succeed, especially vulnerable  children.   If we continue to underfund education in the United States our  children will suffer, we will dismantle public education, and we will  be weaker as a nation.   This legislation would kick teachers out of classrooms.   The United States is already in a teacher shortage and this bill  would cut another 22,300 teachers from Texas schools due to cuts from  Title 1.   This bill would severely impact teachers and students all over the  state of Texas, where the Texas Education Agency has already decided to  unnecessarily takeover Houston ISD.   Houston ISD is the largest school district in the state, with a  student population of more than 200,000, according to a breakdown by  the Texas Tribune.   A TEA takeover would have a negative impact on each Independent  School District (ISD) because a board of managers are not elected, and  they don't have to answer to the constituents in those districts.   State takeovers in other districts have led to school closures,  layoffs, and no improvements in test scores.   The vast majority of school districts that have been taken over by  state agencies (TEA included) have not improved but declined.   TEA has no experience managing a district of 200k plus scholars and  we should not suffer as the guinea pigs.   Texas is behind the national average of how much the state spends per  student in the classroom.   More specifically, data from the U.S. Census Bureau shows that Texas  spends $3,000 less than the national average.   We have to stop the State from intermeddling and overstepping into  our educational systems--causing further harm and damage to our  communities.   This legislation will make cuts to schools and communities that are  already suffering.   With the pandemic, burnout and the rise in the cost of living,  teachers are already struggling, and this bill will only add to that.   Without the support of our teachers, students will be left behind.   I recognize that we are in the midst of austere budgetary and  political times, however, we cannot continue to ignore the return on  investment that advanced developments in health research and education  will yield to the American public.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan En  Bloc Amendment incorporating my amendment, the Jackson Lee Amendments  No. 24 and No. 51.   While the negatives of this appropriations bill disappointingly  outweigh my positive amendments, I respectfully ask my colleagues to  vote in favor of this amendment notwithstanding my strong opposition  and encouragement to vote down the underlying bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman  from Connecticut for her leadership as former chair and ranking member.  I thank my good friend from Texas, as well.   I think they are completely accurate that left to their own devices,  we could have an appropriations process that would work, but I thank  Chairwoman DeLauro for laying the groundwork of the crisis that we are  now in.   Let us be very clear: It is the Democrats who have come to save  America and to stop this dastardly shutdown. As I have listened to the  debate on the Labor-HHS, all I could see was the crushing of the  American spirit, the eliminating of GEAR UP and TRIO, the very programs  that give a lifeline to young people across America; a stamping down of  the greatest of our aspirations.   Weeks ago, the President gave to us a supplemental for Ukraine and  Israel and the border, ensuring that we would be able to provide  funding and engage the way we should for Defense. And now we are  hearing that in a crisis, we don't even have humanitarian aid that is  needed in Gaza.   All we are doing here is kicking the can, but thank goodness  Democrats are able to say that we refuse to shut down the government  and it is because of the cities that are so desperately in need. How  dare we put our cities in this catastrophe of having a government  shutdown?   In the State of Texas--I am here today to vote for this CR--172,877  Active-Duty and Reserve personnel and their families would not be paid.   What would impact the city of Houston is: $2,742,702,800 in funding  to small businesses in Texas would not get that funding for creating  jobs. They are the job engine of America and Houston will be  devastatingly impacted;   176,276 persons traveling through Bush Intercontinental Airport and  our airports in Texas would face slowdowns because TSA would not be  working;   786,686 people in Texas would lose access to their nutrition  programs--women, infant, and children denied food;   168,413 Federal workers in our city alone laid off, and;   3,291,584 beneficiaries would not have the SNAP program to feed their  families.   This is shameful. But we are here today to ensure the government does  not shut down and to make sure that, even though it is not perfect,  even though the bills that we are watching that Republicans say they  are doing, are literally taking the lifeline out of the hands of our  fellow Americans, not doing border security, not providing humanitarian  assistance that is needed, but yet Democrats stood tall. We are going  to fund this at FY23. We are not going to have the draconian taking  away of reproductive rights.    Mr. Speaker, we would not have the denying of  reproductive rights, discriminating against people because of their  LGBTQ+, or discriminating against them because of race or immigrant  status. We won't have any of those draconian provisions in there. Thank  God we will not have the cuts that we have seen that would hurt the  American people, hurt Texans, hurt Houstonians.   The CR is the right way right now because we have no other door, and  it will be Democrats that will save America, save our 50 States, save  Texas, save our cities, save Houston. I am here today to ensure that we  move forward so that we can do what is right by the American people.   Mr. Speaker, when Congress fails to do its job, the consequences are  real.   Families suffer, the economy takes a hit, and government costs rise-- all unnecessarily.   H.R. 6363, Further Continuing Appropriations, and other Extensions  Act of 2024 proves one thing, this weak Republican majority is unable  to govern without help from the Democratic Caucus.   Instead of working to finish the FY 2024 funding process between now  and when the first CR was enacted, House Republicans wasted time by  ousting their own leader, further propelling the House into chaos and  [[Page H5798]]  bringing partisan bills to the floor that not only have zero chance of  becoming law but include massive cuts and poison pill riders that move  us further apart, not closer to resolution.   H.R. 6363 would avoid a government shutdown today, but kicks the can  down the road and adds unnecessary complexities that will increase the  likelihood of future shutdowns by creating two separate CR dates.   January 19, 2024: Agriculture, Energy and Water, Military  Construction and Veterans Affairs and Transportation, Housing and Urban  Development.   February 2, 2024: The remaining eight.   This legislation also lacks emergency funds requested by the Biden  Administration to accommodate increased participation in WIC.   An estimated $405 million is needed in the second quarter is needed  to administer the program.   This legislation also lacks emergency supplemental funding for  Ukraine, Israel, humanitarian assistance, childcare, disaster victims,  broadband, Indo-Pacific allies, and a number of other pressing  priorities.   Although this legislation is flawed in many significant ways, a  government shut down would be devastating for Americans across the  country.   A government shutdown would hurt hard working families in Texas:   172,877 active duty and reserve personnel serving our nation's armed  forces in Texas would be forced to go without the pay they earn during  a shutdown.   The Small Business Administration would stop processing small  business loans, halting a program that provides $2,742,702,800 in  funding to small businesses in Texas every year.   176,276 people flying through Texas airports every day would face  potential delays and safety concerns due to staffing impacts on TSA  agents and air traffic controllers.   786,686 people in Texas would soon lose access to Special  Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC)  benefits.   168,413 federal workers in Texas would be furloughed or forced to  work without pay, in addition to the many employees of businesses with  government contracts who could be laid off, furloughed, or see their  hours cut.   Workers at the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) would be sidelined,  risking interruptions and delays to the 892 food safety, pharmaceutical  manufacturing, and other inspections conducted in Texas last year.   The Department of Agriculture would be forced to stop processing  housing loans, which provide $456,125,359 in funding to help 2,742  families in rural Texas communities buy homes every year.   The Department of Agriculture would be forced to stop processing farm  loans which provide $209,391,000 in funding for farmers in Texas every  year.   3,291,584 Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)  beneficiaries in Texas would lose access to benefits in a prolonged  shutdown.   5,413,161 people who visit national parks in Texas every year would  be turned away or unable to fully access parks, monuments, and museums.   State governments would be forced to pay for federal services like  the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program, potentially  risking benefits for the 20,846 TANF beneficiaries in Texas.   A government shutdown would hurt working families, damage our  economy, interrupt vital services, endanger our national security, and  force millions of our troops and government employees to work without  pay.   It is time to get serious, it is time to do the work we are required  to do as Members of Congress regardless of our political stripes.   Congress has a responsibility to keep our government open, and I hope  we can work with House Republicans and the Senate to facilitate the  timely completion of full-year spending bills and a supplemental  package.   