 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, most people run from battle, but our  servicemembers run toward it. They watch their brothers and sisters get  wounded. They miss births and funerals, school plays and college  graduations. Then they come home bearing the wounds of war--both  visible and otherwise.   They will always do their job defending our country no matter the  sacrifice. So they deserve to know that they have the moral support and  legal backing of this great Nation.   But for more than 20 years, Washington has failed to give them that.  One of Congress's most solemn duties is deciding when and how we send  Americans into combat by debating and passing the authorization for use  of military force, documents that set the legal framework for military  action that are supposed to define the mission of our Americans whom we  send downrange.   But, lately, too many in these Halls have shrugged off that duty,  hiding behind outrageously outdated AUMFs that were used to launch the  Gulf and Iraq wars, all the way back in 1991 and 2002.   Scared of the political risks that come with bringing these wars back  into the spotlight, staring down upcoming election days, Congress has  shirked its responsibility to our troops, stretching, skewing the  original intent of these documents.   In doing so, we have left our troops without a clearly defined  mission. And now they face an increasing risk that a future Commander  in Chief may improperly interpret the law to send them into armed  conflicts that these AUMFs were never intended to authorize. Our troops  deserve better than that.   If we choose to send our finest into battle, then we here in these  Halls need to debate and vote to do so based on current conditions.   Enough of being more worried about the political consequences than  about our troops in harm's way. And until we muster up the courage to  ask and answer the tough questions that will actually tell our  servicemembers what they are fighting for, we won't be living up to  their sacrifices.   Instead, we will be leaving them in an endless loop, refusing to even  look for an off ramp.   Look, I know guys and gals, buddies whom I served with in Iraq who  did six, seven rotations between Iraq and Afghanistan. They went in  knowing that they would probably be back in a couple of years, living  the hardships of combat deployments over and over again, risking the  unimaginable, sunup and sundown, year in and year out, tour after tour,  all because their country said that it needed them to.   They deserve more from us than to be forced to wonder whether the  same outdated AUMF that has already sent them overseas half a dozen  times will be misused once again to put them in harm's way without  Members of Congress even having a conversation to decide whether such  sacrifice is warranted.   This shouldn't be hard. Anyone who claims the mantle of patriotism  can't keep demanding such sacrifices from our servicemembers or  refusing to step up to our obligation, our responsibility, to have a  public debate and vote when we ask our troops to go into combat.   Are their lives not worth a vote? not even worth a discussion?   To me, part of the problem lies in the growing disconnect between  those who serve overseas and those who serve on the Hill.   Right now in Washington, we just don't have as many Members of  Congress with combat experience the way we did in the years after  Vietnam--the era when those returning from war would put down their  rucks, hang up their uniforms, and head to the Capitol Building to  serve their country in a different kind of way; the era when John  McCain and John Kerry would reach across the aisle to solve some of our  Nation's biggest problems because both of them were more concerned with  doing right by the troops who protected us than brandishing partisan  labels.   But now, far fewer veterans come to Washington, and the divide has  sharpened, with those sitting in hallowed houses of power ever more  removed from those sent off to battle.   Well, I can tell you this: It is a whole lot easier to cover your  eyes and avoid taking tough votes if you have never shed blood in the  dust and grit and horror of a war zone, if you have never held your  family close before heading off on yet another tour, kissing your loved  ones for what you know could be the last time.   But today, there are just a handful of us in the Senate who have been  in combat. The same is true for our country at large, as the same  families keep volunteering to serve generation after generation.   In Vietnam, because of the draft, a boy from rural Missouri could  have ended up in a fighting position next to someone from the upper  echelons of New York society. Of course, the rich could get out of  service then too. Our former President's bone spurs proved that. But in  that bygone era, service touched nearly every corner of this country,  regardless of tax bracket or race or education.   Now, it falls onto the shoulders of the same families to volunteer  time and again or it gets foisted upon those who have fallen on hard  times: service as a means of escaping poverty.   So the gap widens, with the vast majority of Americans never having  served and having little idea what it is like, other than what they see  from Hollywood.   And so the disconnect yawns, with it becoming even easier for most of  us to live our lives blissfully detached from the nightmarish reality  of war.   We have to do more to bridge this divide. True patriotism isn't  measured by how long of a standing ovation one gives our military on a  single day in November each and every year. Real, lasting, meaningful  patriotism requires doing the hard work necessary to actually change  our country, to make it a better, fairer place, where sacrifices aren't  borne by just a few but instead carried by all.   Our troops are willing to sacrifice anything--everything--for their  country. They fought for us time after time, tour after tour after  tour. It is time that we fight for them too.   It is time that we repeal these decades-old AUMFs and start honoring  our  [[Page S892]]  heroes in the way that they deserve, showing just an ounce of the  courage that they show over and over again.   God bless our troops in harm's way; God bless our veterans; and  always, God bless the United States of America.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   