 Madam President, earlier this afternoon, my colleague  Senator Markey asked unanimous consent to advance the Right to  Contraception Act. There was an objection heard, but I wanted to come  to the floor to voice my strong support as a cosponsor of the Right to  Contraception Act.   Across the country, women are frightened. They are frightened that  after decades of progress in advancing their rights and freedoms, they  are watching an activist Supreme Court ignore precedent and strip away  their rights and freedoms.   For nearly six decades, American women have come to rely on their  right to control when and if they are going to have a family, including  through the use of contraception. In fact, about 90 percent of women in  the United States have used contraception.   In 1965, the Supreme Court correctly decided Griswold v. Connecticut,  reaffirming that our Constitution guarantees the right to privacy. This  particular case was over a Connecticut law that banned the use of  contraception and imposed penalties, including up to 1 year in prison  for doing so. The Supreme Court correctly overruled the law as an  invasion of the right to privacy and determined that Americans could  use contraception should they choose without government interference.   At the time, the majority opinion reasoned that there were many  implied rights that Americans have within the Constitution. On a basic  level, this is obvious. Not every single right we are due could be  written into our Constitution. So this concept of ``implied rights'' is  the foundation for various rights that Americans have come to rely on  and, frankly, never think twice about, like the right to learn a  foreign language or to travel across State lines or to live with your  own family.   Famously, 8 years after Griswold was decided, the Supreme Court used  a similar legal foundation--the constitutional right to privacy--to  rightly decide in Roe v. Wade that women in the United States have the  right to abortion care.   But, despite Roe being the law of the land for nearly 50 years and  ``settled as a precedent of the Supreme Court, entitled to respect  under principles of stare decisis,'' according to Supreme Court Justice  Brett Kavanaugh, it was thrown out the window.   This Saturday will mark the 1-year anniversary since this activist  Supreme Court--crafted, of course, by anti-choice Republican  politicians--stripped 22 million women and counting of their freedom to  control their bodies, families, and futures; 1 year since women lost  the right to an abortion nationwide; 1 year since women in my home  State of Wisconsin were sent back to 1849--and I didn't misstate that,  1849--living under an archaic law that effectively criminalizes all  abortion procedures; 1 year since women in America became second-class  citizens.   Sadly, that fateful decision that overturned Roe v. Wade put more of  Americans' rights on the chopping block.   In Justice Clarence Thomas's concurring opinion, he explicitly said  that the rationale used to overturn Roe should be used to overturn  cases establishing  [[Page S2166]]  the right to contraception, the right to same-sex consensual relations,  and same-sex marriage. Justice Thomas wrote that the Court ``should  reconsider'' all three of these decisions, saying the Supreme Court had  a duty to correct the error in these decisions.   He was essentially providing an open invitation to litigators across  the country to bring their cases to the Court, inevitably instilling  fear among millions of Americans.   Let that sink in.   With the right to abortion care already ripped away from tens of  millions of Americans, a Supreme Court Justice essentially asked for  someone to bring him a case so he could rip away one of the only tools  many women have left to control if and when to have a family--that  being having access to contraception.   Americans have spoken loudly and clearly that they do not believe  that a woman's right to control her own body is an error or that the  freedom for someone to love whom they love is an error. We cannot rely  on an activist Supreme Court to protect our rights and freedoms.  Congress must act.   So I stand here, with the backing of 9 in 10 Americans who support  access to all forms of birth control, to call for the Senate to listen  to our constituents and pass the Right to Contraception Act. Our  legislation is simple and common sense. It would guarantee the legal  right for individuals to get and use contraception, and it would stop  politicians or the government from trying to get in the way, and that  is it.   Americans want the right and freedom to control their own  reproductive healthcare without interference from judges or  politicians. In my home State of Wisconsin, where women are already  living under an 1849 criminal abortion ban, access to contraception is  absolutely essential. Every person should have the right to control  their own bodies, families, and futures no matter where they live.  Former Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis, who advocated for the  right to privacy, called it ``the right to be left alone.''   So I stand here to reiterate this sentiment and to tell Washington to  pass our legislation and give women the right to be left alone.   I yield the floor.   