 Mr. Speaker, I too rise in opposition to the  rule and the underlying bills. As our ranking member pointed out, these  bills do nothing to solve the problems that Americans are asking us to  face.   For example, these bills will hurt the middle class. Let's take  healthcare. Americans want quality healthcare that doesn't discriminate  against people with pre-existing conditions and that does not  discriminate against women. That is why we passed the Affordable Care  Act. Today, we can proudly say that only 8 percent of Americans are  uninsured. The lowest level in history.   Republicans keep trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act. In fact,  H.R. 3799 is yet another strike at that good bill. This bill that they  are proposing, Republicans would expand association health plans that  are not required to cover maternity or prenatal care.   Republicans rejected an amendment to require this essential care for  women and their babies in all health insurance plans. How can you go  back to our districts and look women in the eye and say, we have passed  legislation that would not cover you when you are pregnant, waiting to  give birth to the children of the future.   Republicans would also pass H.R. 3564, which would increase mortgage  fees for middle-income borrowers and decrease fees for the wealthy.  Americans want to buy a home of their own so that they can start saving  and build their own wealth. They want to be part of that middle class,  and homeownership is a key part of that.   You know what? They called this bill the exact opposite of what it  is. It does not protect middle-income workers. It increases fees for  the middle class.   Lastly, H.R. 461. It is an opinion that contradicts Americans' basic  sense of decency and humanity. Undocumented immigrants toil in the hot  sun to pick the food we place on our table. They take the most  dangerous jobs in our slaughterhouses and on our construction sites.   Extreme Republicans will take their labor, but they would refuse  education or shelter to immigrants and their children. Is this how we  honor National Immigrant Heritage Month in this Chamber?   Scripture steers us in a more noble direction. In Matthew 25:35-40,  it says: ``I was hungry and you gave me food. I was thirsty and you  gave me drink. I was a stranger and you welcomed me.''   We should be more welcoming to those asylum seekers and refugees that  are bringing so much pain, but also contributions to the American  landscape.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule.   