 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1,  the deceptively named Lower Energy Costs Act. This bill will not lower  energy costs, and it won't prevent price gouging because Republicans  have no plan to lower energy costs.   Here is what it will do: It will increase the deficit by $2.4 billion  in handouts to big oil and gas. It will worsen the climate crisis, and  it ignores the future of our country's clean energy workforce.   Republicans are more focused on undoing Democratic accomplishments-- which, by the way, have already created over 100,000 jobs--than helping  the American people. Polluters over people.   This bill forces the government to lease government land to oil and  gas companies even if those companies don't plan to use it. This bill  will allow anyone to stake a mining claim on our public lands for less  than $10 an acre, even if they haven't discovered any minerals. After  that, any mining activity, including dumping toxic mining waste, is  considered the highest and best use of those lands.   My Republican colleagues will claim that this bill supports  permitting. If you look closely, that simply is not true. The main  barrier for getting permits approved is staffing levels. There simply  aren't enough staff to get permits approved.   However, I have good news. Democrats have already secured $1 billion  in the Inflation Reduction Act for Federal agency permitting offices,  which will address this issue and is expected to drastically shrink the  timelines for permitting without sacrificing safety. The Republican  bill fails to address these issues.   When Democrats were in charge of the House, we passed transformative  legislation to lower the deficit, address climate change, create good  union jobs, and actually improve the lives of the American people. We  put people over polluters.   Instead of helping our constituents, this bill will weaken State and  Tribal authority under section 401 of the Clean Water Act. This section  was meant to protect communities and water resources by giving them a  voice when projects planned to impact their borders. This bill, though,  allows special interests to override what Tribal nations and States  know is best for their own communities.   In the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, my  colleague, Representative Huffman offered an amendment to keep Tribal  rights intact under section 401 guidelines, but House Republicans chose  again not to prioritize the people.    Mr. Chair, I will remind my colleagues that these  protections are meant to prevent environmental disasters. We see all  across the country radioactive water spills, water crises, chemical  pollutants seeping into groundwater and poisoning communities.   These catastrophes are not just tragic, they are preventable. It is  the American people, especially  [[Page H1514]]  marginalized communities, who are left with the consequences.   We can make bipartisan strides to protect American energy and  security. We can promote innovation without sacrificing our environment  or State and Tribal rights. Unfortunately, this is not what the  majority has brought to us. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   