 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Pallone for his  leadership on this issue and for yielding me time.   Vaccinating healthcare workers against COVID-19 is a simple and  effective way to save lives. It helped protect our healthcare workers  and the most vulnerable from serious illness, hospitalization, and  death. It has prevented our healthcare workforce shortage from getting  worse by keeping our workers healthy and able to continue their  essential work.   H.R. 497 is nonsense and would expose patients to unnecessary risk,  all because Republicans are trying to score political points.   That is why my motion to recommit would strike this bill and insert  the Women's Health Protection Act, legislation that would actually keep  the American people safe and healthy.   Since the Supreme Court overturned the constitutional right to  abortion access, 24 States have banned abortion or are likely to do so.  Without Roe, Americans are now facing a confusing patchwork of State  laws dictating who can make decisions about their healthcare and when.   Without Roe, State governments are forcing pregnancy on people.  Maternal and infant healthcare outcomes are worsening. It is harder for  people to access medications to treat arthritis, cancer, lupus, and  more, all because they are also used for medical abortion.   This is deeply personal for me. As a 33-year-old woman, reproductive  healthcare is my healthcare, as it is for millions of Americans. I want  the freedom to be able to make the best choices for my body and my  life, and so do other Americans.   That is why Congress needs to pass the Women's Health Protection Act  to guarantee a pregnant person's right to access an abortion and a  provider's ability to deliver these services, regardless of State laws.   Whether we admit it or not, we all know that conversations about  reproductive healthcare in the House Chamber aren't reflective of  America. In real America, whether you are living in a red State or a  blue State or a purple State, the average American wants the freedom  and the ability to make their own healthcare decisions, including if,  when, and how to have a family.   We saw that clearly reflected in the midterms, with Americans  mobilizing to defend abortion rights in places as disparate as  California, Vermont, Michigan, Montana, and Kentucky.   The American people want the Women's Health Protection Act, and the  House should pass it again today.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.   