 Madam Chair, I thank the ranking member for the time  because my residents are already hurting. H.R. 1 would devastate their  lives even more.   Environmental impact statements change lives for the better, from air  monitoring, pushing back against the corporate polluters that, again,  just want to make a profit over the public health impact that would  happen if we just gave them free rein.   This bill is nothing more than a cheap political stunt to pad the  profits of the same greedy oil and gas companies that are price gouging  our residents at the pump and poisoning the air they breathe and the  water they drink.   These are the same oil companies that donated hundreds of thousands  of  [[Page H1495]]  dollars to House Republicans and made nearly half a trillion dollars in  profits last year alone.   Their servants across the aisle don't think that is enough. They want  to gut our most important critical environmental and public health  protections, leaving our communities at the mercy of corporate  polluters that have shown time and time again they will sacrifice our  lives, our public health, to make more money.   Make no mistake, this bill destroys the National Environmental Policy  Act and the Clean Water Act. It guarantees there will be more oil  spills. It guarantees more water crises, more deaths, and more  suffering.   Once you get beyond the BS, the truth is clear. Health protections  for you and your family aren't making gas expensive; corporate greed  is.   The greedy oil and gas companies have gotten away with price gouging  and stock buybacks that enrich their shareholders but make everything  less affordable for our residents. They don't plan to stop because  their greed is only enabled with bills like this.   The amazing thing about this, about colleagues trying to run leaky  oil pipelines through our communities, is that the bill isn't even  popular. The American people get it. They understand the urgency of the  climate crisis, the importance of protecting our air, our water. They  want the government and corporations to take serious action to make  sure their lives are protected.   Yet, here we are, debating a bill that wraps climate denial and  corporate giveaways into one tidy, toxic package as the world burns.   Our residents, my residents, are already struggling with health  disparities. They deserve better. They deserve to breathe clean air.   