 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R.  4468, a bill that would undermine the Environmental Protection Agency's  ability to prohibit the EPA from implementing emissions regulations and  their ability to protect our air quality and our climate.   I thank our ranking member, Mr. Pallone, and, of course, my great  colleague, Congresswoman Dingell, from the State of Michigan.   The auto industry relies on the EPA and their emissions standards to  successfully compete. When the GOP shut down the Federal Government in  2018, our automakers could not roll new automobiles off the line  because they  [[Page H6160]]  needed the EPA to do the emissions testing.   This is dangerous legislation, particularly because the EPA serves as  a critical partner to our automakers during this very transformative  time.   No fear-mongering. People will have a choice. They will continue to  have a choice, and they will work with their dealers. People do not  have the choice of the air they breathe.   The United States is poised, through our manufacturing base, to lead  the world in innovation, safety, and clean technology. Not only does  H.R. 4468 jeopardize public health and the environment, it hurts our  economy and global competitiveness.   Let us not cede technology to China. Let us create, develop and  manufacture it here in the United States of America.   For this reason, at the appropriate time, I will offer a motion to  recommit this bill back to committee. If the House rules permitted it,  I would have offered the motion with an important amendment to this  bill. My amendment would strike the language that blocks EPA  regulations based on the limited availability of new motor vehicles.  This amendment would restore the EPA's authority and responsibility to  set science-based standards that protect our health and climate while  supporting American innovation and leadership in the automotive and  manufacturing sector.    Madam Speaker, my amendment would ensure the EPA can  continue to drive progress in reducing vehicle emissions and advancing  clean transportation technology.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on  the motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about my colleague,  Mr. Jamaal Bowman, who I have the privilege of serving on two  committees within this very Congress: the Education and Labor Committee  and the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee.   I have seen Mr. Bowman fight for disability rights, childcare,  affordable prescription drugs, and affordable housing. He has stood up  to racism. He has stood up to the attacks on public education, attacks  on teachers, and cuts to school nutrition. There is a unique and vital  perspective Mr. Bowman brings to education issues in this Congress.   In his freshman term, he served as a subcommittee chair for Energy.  He was a Conference committee member on the Chips and Science Act,  advocating for diversity, equity, and inclusion, so that the jobs and  profits could go to everyday Americans.   This man does not deserve to be reprimanded. We should heed the  leadership that he brings to education issues. He looks at AI and he  asks: How can we solve the problems of tomorrow? If we could all do  such a thing.   