 Madam Speaker, I stand here today because we  are just 1 month from another government shutdown, and Congressional  Republicans have demonstrated once again that they are more concerned  about satisfying their culture warrior base than actually addressing  any of the problems their constituents face.   Madam Speaker, that hasn't stopped us from delivering for our  districts. I am here because the everyday working-class people of  Allegheny and Westmoreland Counties came together to say, everybody  should have a livable wage, clean air and water, affordable housing,  decent transportation, and healthcare.   The people I represent resoundingly rejected the status quo and  decades of corporations leaving us behind and polluting our communities  without accountability. They demanded political representation that  will actually try to solve the problems they face and not play  political games with their lives.   Our movement's detractors, including those in Congress, many of them,  will try to make you believe that people from working-class backgrounds  representing working-class districts are too consumed by fighting  national political battles and don't do enough to deliver for our  districts.   Let me be clear. Key priorities of the Biden administration, like the  Inflation Reduction Act, would not have happened without progressives  here fighting tooth and nail to ensure that our communities had what  they needed to thrive. Despite Republicans' dysfunction, we haven't  stopped fighting even for one second.    We are proud to have delivered in my district nearly $1 billion in  Federal investments for infrastructure, affordable housing, STEM  innovation, clean air, and good-paying jobs because the people of  Western Pennsylvania and across the country deserve leaders in Congress  who have lived their struggles and work as hard as they do.   Whether it was delivering $400 million from the Department of  Energy's clean financing program to fund EOS, a battery storage  manufacturer that will employ thousands of workers in PA-12's Mon  Valley, in particular, or the over $150 million to improve transit in  Pittsburgh, or helping to deliver $50 million for affordable housing in  the historically divested Hill District of Pittsburgh.   Our movement in Pennsylvania is delivering on priorities that won't  just improve our communities but the lives of people across the  country. We are demonstrating the power we can recognize when  communities that have been left behind elect leaders that have actually  gone through what they have.   Throughout history, and particularly over the past four decades,  working-class people, disproportionately Black and Brown, have been  told our priorities are too radical, our needs are too unrealistic, and  that our lives are expendable. Our movement stands in direct contrast  to that, standing up to monied interests and fighting for our  communities to be healthier, stronger, and more resilient.   The wins we have secured that I have talked about today represent  just a small part of what our movement has done while in elected  office, and you can be sure we are not done yet.   On the other side, Republicans are demonstrating that they are  fundamentally unserious when it comes to addressing the problems that  their constituents face, and all of our constituents.  [[Page H6933]]    Now Republicans are fighting battles so they can reconcile their  internal struggle between satisfying their rightwing cable-news culture  warriors and their ultra-wealthy corporate donors.   They are an embarrassment, and their constituents and our country  will remember.   