 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5119, the Protect Small  Business and Prevent Illicit Financial Activity Act sponsored by the  gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Nunn) along with the gentlewoman from Ohio  (Mrs. Beatty).   In 2021, Congress enacted the Corporate Transparency Act, or CTA,  establishing America's national Beneficial Ownership Registry. This  registry will start collecting information from applicable businesses  and their beneficial owners on January 1, 2024, and will crack down on  the anonymous shell companies used by terrorists, drug cartels, and  other financial criminals.   The collection of information on beneficial owners of certain  corporations, limited liability companies, and other entities  registered in the United States will help protect our financial system  from illicit use by making it even more difficult for bad actors to  disguise their financial activities through entities with complex  ownership structures.   This bill would offer reporting businesses additional time to file  their CTA information, pushing back a handful of deadlines in the  September 2022 final rule on this issue. Additional time, especially  for small, newly formed businesses, would improve the accuracy of the  registry and streamline our law enforcement efforts.   I am pleased to support this bill that will assist with the  development of America's sorely needed Beneficial Ownership Registry.   Mr. Speaker, at least 30 countries already have some kind of central  beneficial ownership registry to improve transparency. It is about time  we start our own program, but we need to do it the right way and give  small businesses ample time to file their information accurately.    In closing, Mr. Speaker, the bill will improve the implementation of  a registry that will provide much-needed transparency into business  ownership and ultimately help to deter bad actors from abusing our  financial system. Providing our Nation's small businesses with  sufficient time to comply with the CTA will help FinCEN to develop an  effective and meaningful registry.   I, again, thank Representative Nunn and Mrs. Beatty for championing  this important issue. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 5524, the Foreign  Affiliates Sharing Pilot Program Extension Act. In January 2021,  Congress successfully overrode Trump's veto to pass the National  Defense Authorization Act, also known as NDAA, which is our Nation's  annual Defense bill. This included the enactment of the Anti-Money  Laundering Act of 2020, the first significant change to America's anti- money laundering and financial-based terrorism policy since 9/11.   Our bipartisan goal in passing the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020  was to improve the deterrence and detection of financial crime by  promoting innovation, regulatory reform, and industry engagement.   In doing so, the U.S. anti-money laundering and financial  counterterrorism efforts would be strengthened, modernized, and  streamlined. One provision of the act established the Foreign  Affiliates Sharing Pilot Program, which would permit U.S.-regulated  financial institutions to share selected Bank Secrecy Act information  with foreign branches and affiliates to help detect and deter illicit  finance.   Currently, the sharing of these suspicious activity reports  information with foreign branches of U.S. institution is not permitted  because they are not subject to our Nation's Bank Secrecy Act  regulations.   By allowing financial institutions to share information with foreign  affiliates, the pilot program would improve multinational compliance  and detection while still ensuring that safeguards are in place to  protect the confidentiality of such reports.   My bill moves the expiration date from January 1, 2024, to 3 years  after the pilot begins. This is a necessary extension to give the  agency sufficient time to implement the pilot program.   The rulemaking to design the pilot was noticed back in January 2022,  but Treasury has not yet issued a final rule to launch the program, so  obviously an extension is needed.   The new timeframe proposed here will enable the Department to  complete its rulemaking process and finally implement the vital  national security program as Congress originally intended.   Again, I would stress the importance of passing this bill to give the  Treasury sufficient time to implement this very bipartisan pilot  program to bolster our ability to combat money laundering and protect  our national security.   The pilot program would provide institutions with a pathway to better  manage the risk of financial crimes. The bill received a unanimous vote  at the committee markup.   Now, more than ever, Americans should feel confident that the  proceeds of their transactions are not being siphoned off and stowed  away in the coffers of criminals. I thank my colleagues on the  committee for supporting this bill, and I urge all Members to support  it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   