 Mr. President, I rise today in strong opposition to S.J.  Res. 42, which I view as a cruel effort to green-light discrimination  against LGBTQ+ children.   My colleagues--some of them--across the aisle have made false claims  about a policy that the Biden administration has released, a policy  that makes clear the obvious: that every child should be able to get  lunch at school no matter their race, religion, ability, gender  identity, sex, or sexual orientation. That is it--a simple, narrow  directive from the USDA that says schools that receive Federal funding  for nutrition assistance must not discriminate within the confines of  these nutrition programs on the basis of gender identity, sex, or  sexual orientation.   This is not about bathrooms. This is not about locker rooms. This is  not about sports. This is also not about pushing some alleged agenda.  This is about feeding children, period.   Since this policy was issued over a year ago, in May of 2022, the  USDA has initiated no enforcement-related actions, not a single case-- zip, nada, zero. This is a ``solution'' in search of a problem. The  actual problem is some of my Republican colleagues' continued efforts  to pick on LGBTQ+ children for their own political gain. By overturning  this policy, my Republican colleagues are essentially arguing that  discrimination based on gender identity, sex, and sexual orientation is  OK.   Well, I am so glad that there haven't been any instances of this  happening. Just imagine the scenario that my colleagues are trying to  allow. All of us--all of us--in the Senate represent LGBTQ+ children  and their families.   Say you are one of those children and you are told you can't have  your school breakfast or lunch because of who you are, depriving a  child of eating because Congress has decided that that would be OK.   This is not OK. This resolution is not about doing good for the  American people or making their lives better. In fact, it is quite the  opposite. Resolutions like these have a profound impact on LGBTQ+ kids  and their families.   I rise today to remind my Republican colleagues that their actions do  not go unnoticed by LGBTQ+ children, kids who already face increased  adversity every day in the form of harassment or bullying or  discrimination. As a consequence, LGBTQ+ youth are four times as likely  to attempt suicide than their peers, and nearly 60 percent of LGBTQ+  youth report experiencing symptoms of depression.   Our words matter. Our actions here matter. When some Republicans  attack gay and trans children, our kids hear that. They hear that they  are not welcome at school, in public, and, tragically, sometimes even  at home. They hear that their rights are lesser than their peers  because of simply who they are. They hear that they don't have the same  freedoms and liberties as every other kid. They hear that the adults in  the room, including some of my colleagues here in Congress, do not  care.   Well, I care, and that is why I am standing up against this attack  and, frankly, all the attacks I am seeing on gay and trans kids. LGBTQ+  children deserve the freedom to be like any other kids, whether that be  playing sports, joining a club, or just being a kid, free from bullying  and harassment and discrimination. And that, of course, includes the  school lunch line. These kids have a right to a life without harassment  or further stigmatization.   Should this misguided resolution go through, Congress is giving folks  a free pass to deny a school lunch to a kid just because of who they  are. And, make no mistake, this resolution would make our LGBTQ+ kids  feel less welcome and less safe in their own schools. This policy is  about feeding children no matter who they are, and it is just that  simple. Please vote no.   