 Madam President, since the Supreme Court overturned  longstanding protections for the fundamental right to access abortion  care nearly a year ago, we have seen countless attacks on women's  reproductive rights from anti-choice States across our Nation--States  that are banning abortions without exceptions for rape or incest;  States that are risking the lives of women who have miscarried; and I  have been doing everything I can to stand up and to defend a woman's  fundamental right to make healthcare choices for her own body without  interference from anti-choice politicians.   And this includes making sure we protect our veterans' rights, and  that includes the right for those veterans to make decisions over their  own bodies. Our veterans and their families--you know, they have risked  so much to protect our Nation, to protect our rights. And we owe it to  them to defend their fundamental right to access reproductive care,  regardless of where they live. They put themselves in harm's way. We  must protect them.   That is why, last year, I urged the Department of Veterans Affairs to  make it clear that they will provide access to abortion care to  veterans and their families, and I am glad they listened. But today-- today--anti-choice Republicans in Washington want to overturn that  decision, and they want to restrict our veterans' access to  reproductive care.   That is what today's debate is about. If they get their way and they  roll back this rule, the VA healthcare system would no longer be  allowed to provide abortion counseling or any kind of care to  servicemembers and veterans and--listen to this--even in the cases of  rape, even when the mother's life is at risk.   I am not going to let that happen.   My State of Nevada is honored to be the home of hundreds of thousands  of veterans, and we are a proud pro-choice State. When Nevadans sent me  here to the Senate, they sent me here to fight for their rights, and  that is what I will always do.   So I urge my colleagues to join me in fighting back against this  ideological attempt to restrict reproductive rights for veterans by  opposing this resolution.   For our veterans, for our women in Nevada, for women everywhere in  the United States, I urge a ``no'' vote.   