 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this motion,  although I will admit that it is very nice to hear my Democrat  colleagues are finally concerned with military recruitment.   I wish they were worried about military recruitment when they were  voting to kick out of the military members who didn't want to get the  jab or when they were voting to support the botched Afghanistan  withdrawal that led to so many unnecessary deaths.   They seem to have already changed the recruitment videos from ``Be  All You Can Be'' to come and get an abortion. How proud they must be.   This is no more than a Federal power grab usurping State laws that  were legally and constitutionally created by State legislators elected  by a majority of voters from each State.   This is a Federal power grab by a party intent on forcing its radical  political agenda down the throats of Americans, who overwhelmingly  don't want it.   As President Biden and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  know, the Hyde amendment, which President Biden supported for decades,  explicitly prohibits Federal dollars from being used for taxpayer- funded abortions. Nearly 60 percent of Americans agree that taxpayer  dollars should not be used to fund abortions.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the Biden family  business of selling out America.   Here is just a sliver of what we know:   The Biden family and associates received nearly $20 million in  payments funneled through shell companies. They were paid by Russia,  China, Kazakhstan, Ukraine, and Lord knows who else.   Joe Biden lied about his family receiving over $1 million in payments  from China through an associate.   Hunter put Joe on the phone at least 20 times in business meetings  with foreign nationals.   Hunter Biden's business associates visited the White House at least  80 times while Joe Biden was Vice President.   There were more than 150 bank transactions involving the Biden family  that U.S. banks flagged as suspicious.   Not only was Joe Biden involved with Hunter's clients and flying  Hunter around the world on Air Force Two to generate more business, but  it is also apparent that Joe was using his office as Vice President to  manipulate U.S. policy. We see that with Ukraine, Burisma, in the  firing of the prosecutor.   Unraveling the mountain of Biden's lies, his shell companies, and  Joe's actions as Vice President is part of what we will be  investigating in these hearings, in the impeachment inquiry.   If you are going to sell out America, this is what it looks like.   