 Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of things that  happen here in Congress that waste the American people's hard-earned  tax dollars, but one of the most outrageous wastes of hard-earned  taxpayer dollars has been the Russian collusion hoax led by Adam  Schiff.   Adam Schiff lied to American people by leading the fake Russian witch  hunt against President Trump. He weaponized the House Intelligence  Committee to abuse all principles of due process and perpetuate the  lies of Russian collusion, and he did that in the media over and over  again.   His committee conducted approximately 53 interviews during its 2017- 2018 Russia probe. These transcripts from the Director of National  Intelligence, former Obama Attorney General, former Deputy Attorney  General, and the FBI director, among others, proved that there was zero  direct evidence of criminal conspiracy.   He not only refused to release these interview transcripts, but he  also continued to peddle lies to the American people that Russia  interfered in the elections.   He falsely claimed that Russians offered help, that the campaign  accepted help, that the Russians gave help, and that the President made  full use of that help when referring to allegations between President  Trump and Russia during the 2016 election.   In November 2020, he specifically asked Twitter to take action  against spreaders of misinformation by removing content that questioned  his baseless claims of Russian collusion. The biggest spreader of  misinformation was Adam Schiff.   As we know, the Mueller report determined there was no criminal  collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. Thanks to the Durham  report, we know now the entire Russian hoax  [[Page H3019]]  was bought and paid for by Hillary Clinton and the DNC.   During the probe, Schiff also abused his position on the Permanent  Select Committee on Intelligence and violated civil liberties by  subpoenaing phone records from AT&T and a former Republican colleague  on an entirely baseless claim.   His lies and abuse of power continued during the sham. During the  Hollywood-produced January 6 Committee witch hunt, he and his staff  doctored a text message between Representative   Jim Jordan and former  White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows to deliberately manipulate  information presented to the American people. What a lie.   He displayed a graphic of a text message which cut a sentence in  half--in half--and eliminated the final two paragraphs of a detailed  legal summary that were contained in the original text message.   He did this to peddle more lies to the American people and to  perpetuate the fake narrative that January 6 was an insurrection, and  it was not.    Mr. Speaker, now Adam Schiff is running for  Senate in California. California has a lot of things messed up, and  California is not the model that the United States needs. As a matter  of fact, their government policies are atrocious.   So if California decides to send Adam Schiff to the Senate, they will  be sending a proven liar, and that is what he is aiming to do. He is  raising money off of being a liar and running for Senate.   