 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment No. 144 prohibits funds from  being used to enforce unnecessary reporting requirements from the  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services on ambulatory surgical  centers.   I was first made aware of this requirement by my constituents when I  toured a local outpatient facility back home in north Texas. As they  pointed out, this forces ambulatory surgical centers to report the  COVID-19 vaccination status of each employee every quarter or punish  them with a payment reduction.   Mr. Chairman, I am sure my colleagues on both sides of the aisle hear  the same thing when we return to our districts. Healthcare facilities  are struggling to find workers at every single level, yet CMS does not  hold every facility to the same standard.   CMS removed COVID-19 vaccination and testing requirements for  hospitals on May 31, which was 20 days after the President declared the  public health emergency was over. Meanwhile, CMS continues to require  ambulatory surgery centers to report their workers' vaccination status  or face a sharp cut in payment.   To be clear, my amendment is not meant to dissuade individuals from  choosing to receive a vaccine. Rather, it will give them a choice  similar to every other healthcare worker who wants the freedom to  choose what is best for their health.   Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this amendment and to support our healthcare workers who not  only serve our communities but also support thousands of small  ambulatory surgical center businesses.  [[Page H5853]]    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge the gentlewoman from Connecticut  to actually read the amendment. I am in no way saying that people  should not get a vaccine. What this does is it allows them the freedom  to choose.   If the gentlewoman believes that healthcare workers should all be  vaccinated, then tell me why that does not extend to hospital workers.  We know a lot of people go to an ER when they need help, yet this is  potentially calling out just workers at ambulatory surgical centers.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   