 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Thompson  for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the GOP's extreme and punitive  immigration legislation, H.R. 2, also known as the child deportation  act.   This cruel legislation would force draconian restrictions and  punishments on migrants and asylum seekers and set America's  immigration priorities back years.   At the cost of $6.1 billion, this bill would eliminate the right to  asylum in America, a process millions upon millions have enjoyed over  the generations. Vulnerable, desperate people and families have long  depended on these laws for their safety and future.   Moreover, it would affect the legal status of over 4 million people  who would otherwise be granted parole or asylum.   Instead of fostering immigration that strengthens our economy and  empowers its growth, Republicans would rather throw our economy into a  tailspin.   So let's be clear: Any bill that would allow vulnerable migrant  children to be inhumanely detained by Border Patrol for up to a month,  to be ripped from their families and locked up from the world, is  unacceptable. It is fundamentally un-American. ``Give me your tired,  your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free. . . . `' I  need not remind you, Mr. Speaker, what those words adorn nor what they  represent.   To treat vulnerable people fleeing violence, famine, and persecution,  who are looking for a better life in our Nation with such contempt,  such vitriol, such callousness, is not leadership; it is cowardice.   Though I am the daughter of Jamaican immigrants and know the  struggles and challenges immigrant communities confront every day, my  unique perspective on this issue should be irrelevant.   Every American, no matter how long their families have called this  country their own, should be outraged at a GOP that would codify  migrant child abuse.   Make no mistake: Regardless of H.R. 2's fate, America's immigration  system is massively broken.   The glaring inequities, blatant racism, vicious xenophobia, and civil  rights violations immigrants face, particularly in immigrant  communities of color, will persist beyond any one bill.   As the Federal Government ends its use of title 42 and Democrats work  to increase investments in border safety and personnel, open more  lawful pathways and begin to address root causes of migration--    It is beyond time for Congress to pass  immigration policy that reflects humane, equitable, and a 21st century  immigration system.   We are a Nation of immigrants, founded by immigrants, so we must do  better for immigrants. I will always stand against the limitless  cruelty that has become synonymous with the MAGA movement and the  cruelty they espouse.   