 Mr. Speaker, I come before this body tonight with my  colleagues from Mississippi and Georgia to offer our prayers for those  whose lives were lost, whose homes were destroyed, and whose  neighborhoods were  [[Page H592]]  shattered during this weekend's tornadoes across the Southeast.   We also extend our deepest gratitude to our first responders, local  law enforcement, and emergency personnel for their quick, courageous,  and compassionate response in the aftermath of the storm.   Finally, I also want to say thank you to the citizens of Mississippi  who rushed toward the sites of devastation. Their generosity, bravery,  and willingness to help their neighbors gives me hope that our  community will rebuild again and be stronger than ever.   We will get through this difficult time together, confident in our  ability to persevere through any trial, with neighbor helping neighbor,  as we begin the difficult work of rebuilding our community following  this terrible natural disaster.   Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Bishop).    Mr. Speaker, I come before this body tonight with my  colleagues from Mississippi and Georgia to offer our prayers for those  whose lives were lost, whose homes were destroyed, and whose  neighborhoods were  [[Page H592]]  shattered during this weekend's tornadoes across the Southeast.   We also extend our deepest gratitude to our first responders, local  law enforcement, and emergency personnel for their quick, courageous,  and compassionate response in the aftermath of the storm.   Finally, I also want to say thank you to the citizens of Mississippi  who rushed toward the sites of devastation. Their generosity, bravery,  and willingness to help their neighbors gives me hope that our  community will rebuild again and be stronger than ever.   We will get through this difficult time together, confident in our  ability to persevere through any trial, with neighbor helping neighbor,  as we begin the difficult work of rebuilding our community following  this terrible natural disaster.   Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Bishop).   