 Mr. President, today I urge all Senators to confirm Mike  Pompeo as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Mike is a  distinguished Congressman, a successful businessman, an Army veteran,  and he is my friend.   I served with Mike for 2 years in the House of Representatives. Over  the last 2 years, we both served on our respective intelligence  committees. I cannot count the hours we have spent together reviewing  analytic products, assessing the needs of the intelligence community,  conducting oversight of that community, and we have traveled the world  together to do those things. From personal experience, I can tell you  this is a man who understands exactly what it takes to keep America  safe.   He understands it because he has dedicated his life to it. When he  was 19, Mike decided to join the Army, writing a blank check to his  country for any amount, up to his life. He graduated first in his class  at West Point and afterward joined the 1st Squadron, 2nd Cavalry,  patrolling the Iron Curtain in Germany.    For some people--including not a few in this Chamber--the Cold War is  little more than ancient history and mostly the unfortunate result of  American provocation and misunderstanding, but for Mike Pompeo, it was  real life. He saw for himself the tank divisions, the gunships, and the  eastern frontier of freedom. He knows, from personal experience, that  conflict is rarely just a big misunderstanding, something you can clear  up with reset buttons, open hands, and nice gestures. Our enemies have  made a deliberate choice to oppose our way of life, and if we are to  protect it, we must be equally deliberate, clear-eyed, and hard-nosed  in our defense.   I have every confidence that Mike Pompeo will do that. He has  succeeded in everything he has ever done. After his military service,  he excelled at Harvard Law School. Later, he started his own company  and went on to serve as president of another. He is a community leader  in his adopted home of Wichita, where Kansans have elected him in  repeated landslides to serve them in the House of Representatives. In  the House, Mike is a sober, respected voice.   In short, Mike has spent his entire life preparing for a moment like  this. It is clear why President Trump didn't interview anyone else for  the job after meeting Mike.   It is a big job, and the CIA will benefit from new blood and fresh  leadership. Mike is ready for the job. As he said himself, he doesn't  take a backseat to anyone when it comes to protecting our security and  our privacy. Some politicians may say things like that, but it is all  talk. It is nothing but talk. With Mike, it is the real deal.   Don't take my word for it. Here is what prominent Democrats are  saying about Mike Pompeo. Leon Panetta, a respected public servant and  former CIA Director himself, says Mike Pompeo ``is somebody who  understands the intelligence agencies, is smart, and somebody I think  will be a good director.''   John Brennan, who just departed as CIA Director, says he ``looks  forward to being able to hand this baton over to somebody who is as  dedicated an American as Mike Pompeo.''   Adam Schiff, the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee,  says Mike Pompeo ``is bright and hard-working'' and ``he is willing to  listen and engage, both key qualities in a CIA director.''   I couldn't agree more. It seems, among the people who actually know  Mike Pompeo--and who actually know the job--there are no last-minute  political stunts or petty delaying tactics. They understand  intelligence is deadly serious business and ought not be treated like a  political football. In a world as dangerous as ours, with threats  gathering every day, there is no more time for dithering. We need a CIA  Director of the highest caliber, and Mike Pompeo is the man for the  job.   I commend President Trump for this inspired nomination, I thank Mike  for once again answering the call of duty, and I also thank his wife  Susan for her love and steadfast support of Mike in the trying times  and sacrifices that inevitably will lie ahead.   The time has come to put aside partisan politics and do the right  thing for our country and the brave men and women of the CIA. I call on  every Senator to vote for confirmation and to send to the CIA a strong  leader, a wise counselor, and a fierce patriot.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who seeks recognition?   The Senator from California.   