 Mr. President, I rise today to support Mike Pompeo as the  next Director of the CIA. And I thank my good friend, the vice chairman  of the Intelligence Committee, Senator Warner, for his comments.   I will vary slightly from Senator Warner in that I think the  committee process provided every member of the committee a sufficient  amount of time and opportunity to ask and to have answered every  question that one can query a four-term Member of the U.S. Congress, a  member of the House Intelligence Committee. Representative Pompeo made  himself available to every member on the committee for a private  meeting in their office, to the best of my knowledge, with no time  limit.   Representative Pompeo came to an open hearing--which is unusual for  our committee, but we do that with nominees--with no time limit. He  made himself available to a closed committee hearing with no time  limits. He answered over 150 questions for the record. Every member of  the committee was given a tremendous opportunity to ask everything and  to have it sufficiently answered by the nominee.   Maybe we won't explain what went through the mind of my colleague  from Oregon to claim that he hadn't had sufficient time, that there  were more questions that needed to be asked, and he made the statement  in the light of day. Trust me, most all of the hearings we had and the  meetings the members had were in the light of day--it was before 5 p.m.  and after 8 a.m. in the morning.   In fact, there is a little game going on with Representative Pompeo,  and I think it is similar to what we are going to see with other  nominees. But let me tell you why this ought to be different. This  ought to be different because of what is at stake. The Director of the  Central Intelligence Agency should be somebody who is above reproach,  somebody who understands that integrity is everything--not just with  the Congress of the United States but with the employees of the CIA.   This is an agency that operates in the shadows. The President gave a  speech there on Saturday, and behind him as a backdrop were the stars  of individuals who have no names, who have sacrificed their lives  without recognition on behalf of the future of this  [[Page S372]]  country and the security of the United States. So it is absolutely  crucial that we put somebody there who understands the value of the  individuals but more importantly, the value of what they do for the  security of America.   Representative Pompeo has been asked to lead what I believe is our  Nation's most treasured asset. It is an agency that works in the  shadows and requires a leader to be unwavering in integrity, who will  ensure that the organization operates lawfully, ethically, and morally.   Just look at Mike Pompeo's background. He went to West Point. He  graduated No. 1 in his class. He left West Point and went to Harvard,  where he became a lawyer, God bless him. He headed the Law Review at  Harvard. But he didn't pursue a legal career; he started an aerospace  business and became the CEO of an aerospace business. He has had  multiple successes in life, yet he ended up in public service. He ended  up in the House of Representatives.   When asked by the President on behalf of the security of the American  people to serve at the Central Intelligence Agency, Mike Pompeo said:  Yes, sir, I will do it--only to come up here with a biography like I  have read, with the trust and the integrity needed to fill the slot.   For Members of Congress to question whether this is the right fit,  not because of the content of what he has accomplished but because they  wanted to claim they hadn't had enough time--if we don't change this-- and I say this in a bipartisan way--if we don't change this, good  people will not respond ``yes'' when asked. If we continue to berate  people who come here, because of things in their background that have  no real, rational reason for exploration as to whether they can  sufficiently do the job, then America stands a chance to lose the best  and the brightest, regardless of where they grew up, regardless of the  color of their skin, and regardless of their or their family's success.  I say that to my colleagues in the hope that we will back off before we  have done everlasting damage to our possibilities to get the right  people here.   Representative Pompeo has honorably and energetically represented the  people of the Fourth District in Kansas for three terms. He is on the  House Intelligence Committee. House or Senate, I can't think of a  Member of Congress who has traveled more around the world and spent  more time at the CIA understanding the ins and outs of what they do,  how they do it, and why it is important to the American people and to  the security of this country, than Mike Pompeo. He is well versed on  intelligence community operations, capabilities, and their authorities.  He understands the nature of the threat we face here at home and  abroad.   Some are going to question whether, in fact, his personal views that  maybe there are events that will happen that will challenge Congress to  change the laws are important. That is fine for him or me or for the  President to question. The important thing is, How would he answer it  if you applied it today? And his answer: I would follow the law. I  wouldn't circumvent the law, I would follow the law, and the law says  this today. Short of Congress changing the law, I will follow the law  as it is today.   I am not sure you can have more clarity in an answer than that.   Mike Pompeo's intellectual rigor, honorable service, and outstanding  judgment make him a natural fit for the CIA. As I said earlier, he is  one of the most active, most engaged, and most charismatic individuals  I have seen nominated in quite a while.   I ask my colleagues to support the nomination of Mike Pompeo as next  Director of the CIA. Do it expeditiously. Treat him fairly. Don't paint  him as for something he is not. He is a colleague of ours who worked  hard to be here. He has a background of proof as to why the Fourth  District of Kansas made an incredibly wise decision, but more  importantly, Mike Pompeo is somebody who can contribute in a  significant way to the security of the American people, the security of  this country, and can, in fact, manage and lead at the CIA without  concerns as to whether there is the integrity of the institution,  without concerns as to whether he might step across the legal line of  what is appropriate, that every day he is there following the rule of  law in this country, someone whose primary focus is to make sure that  we as policymakers and the President as Commander in Chief have the  best intelligence possible to make decisions about America's future and  about America's security.   I hope it won't take 6 hours today, but we are in the first hour of  debate. I urge my colleagues to be brief but be thorough, but at the  end of the day, make sure that tomorrow morning the CIA has permanent  leadership and not acting leadership.   With that, I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Louisiana.   (The remarks of Mr. CASSIDY and Ms. COLLINS pertaining to the  introduction of S. 191 are printed in today's Record under ``Statements  on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Ernst). The Senator from Vermont.    Mr. President, I am not sure if we need to yield back the  time or not.   Let me state that the committee had an open hearing that was  unlimited. We didn't cut off questions. We had a closed session that  was unlimited. We didn't cut off questions. The nominee asked to see  every Member and didn't cut off the length of time he was willing to  answer any questions. He handled more than 150 questions for the record  and answered them honestly. At the end of the day, when it came to  those questions that were of most interest to most Members, he said: I  am going to follow the law. That is exactly how we would expect or hope  a nominee would, in fact, respond.   But I ask you to look at Mike Pompeo, Representative Pompeo,  Congressman Pompeo's record: West Point grad, first in his class,  served his country with distinction, went to Harvard, opened up an  aerospace business, became the CEO, ran a successful business, decided  that his life needed to have community service in it, ran for Congress,  served four terms representing Kansas's Fourth District.   This is an individual who, as a member of the House Intelligence  Committee, committed to do the things that--as the Presiding Officer  knows because he is on the Senate select committee--are tough to do. He  traveled around the world to see firsthand the men and women who  operate in the shadows; the ones who we, on behalf of our other Members  of the Senate, certify are living within the letter of the law, that  they do things that only they can do because of the positions they  hold, but they do it with the laws of the United States in place. And  the 15 of--those of us who serve on the committee certified that for  our colleagues because in many cases they can't see behind the curtain  with the clarity we can.   Mike Pompeo did that. He traveled around the world. He saw firsthand  what these men and women do. They are invaluable to the security of  this country, and, I might add, they are invaluable to the policies we  as legislators put in place because they provide us with the  intelligence we need to make the right decisions. That is Mike Pompeo.  That is the person whom the President has nominated to be CIA Director.  I am not sure you can find a glove that fits any better for the Agency,  for the Congress of the United States, and for the administration, but  more importantly, for the American people. This glove fits perfectly to  make sure they are performing to keep America safe.   I hope all of my colleagues will vote for Mike Pompeo's confirmation.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Kentucky.   Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all debate  time on the nomination be yielded back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.   Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Pompeo  nomination?   The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.   