 Madam President, before he leaves the floor, I want to  thank Senator Leahy, particularly because, once again, on this issue he  showed there was a path forward that was bipartisan. The senior Senator  from Vermont got together with our colleague from Utah, Senator Lee,  and the two of them set out from the get-go to try to find common  ground.   I think most people didn't give us great odds. Senator Leahy and I  used to talk about how when we began the effort, being on the  Intelligence Committee and the Judiciary Committee, a group of us could  probably have met in a phone booth, but then, under Senator Leahy's  leadership, we began to pick up colleagues from both sides of the  aisle.   The Obama administration, which we both remember, had reservations at  the beginning. We said: Look, we can find a way. The intelligence  community said to go forward with this, but this didn't happen by  osmosis. It happened under the leadership of Senator Leahy and Senator  Lee, our colleague on the other side of the aisle. One of the reasons  we feel so strongly, as the Senator from Vermont has stated, is that if  we are not careful, particularly with this nomination, we could undo,  we could unravel a lot of that good bipartisan work.   I know my colleague has a tight schedule, and I so appreciate his  coming over and very much recognize that one of the reasons we are here  is to make sure we don't undo the good bipartisan work that he has  authored.   Madam President, today the Senate is doing something that doesn't  happen often around here--having an open debate about the future of the  Central Intelligence Agency. The Central Intelligence Agency, in my  view, is an enormously important and valuable part of our government.  It is staffed by thousands and thousands of patriotic Americans who  make extraordinary sacrifices on our behalf. They work so hard to  protect our country in so many ways Americans will never find out  about. They give up their time. They give up their weekends, family  vacations, and all kinds of things that would be scheduled that they  would enjoy personally, and they give it up on 1 or 2 hours' worth of  notice because they want to protect the security and the well-being of  our Nation. The fact is, many at the CIA have risked their lives  defending us and some have made the ultimate sacrifice with their  lives.   When you talk about the CIA on the Senate floor, it is especially  important to protect the people I have just mentioned and to protect  what are called their sources and methods. Sources and methods are the  secret means by which the CIA gets the information that is needed for  our national security, and it needs to stay classified. While sources  and methods need to stay classified, the debate about our laws and  those who execute them is a public matter. The policies that guide what  the CIA does in its important work--the debate about policies always  has to be public. The nomination of a CIA Director is a rare and  important chance to talk about what the nominee thinks those policies  ought to be.    In the beginning, I am going to offer my guiding principle. Smart  national security policies protect both our security and our liberty,  and they recognize that security and liberty are not mutually  exclusive; that it is possible to have both; that it is essential to  have both. Nothing illustrates the need for policies that promote  security and liberty more clearly than the issue of encryption, which  we will be talking about--in my view--at length in this Congress as  part of the intelligence debate.   Strong encryption protects Americans from foreign hackers, criminals,  identity thieves, stalkers, and other bad actors. It is the key to  protecting our cyber security. Yet there are some in government and  some in the Congress who think it would make sense to require American  companies to build backdoors into their products so the government can  get access to that information. My own view is this would be an  enormous mistake, a mistake from a security standpoint, a mistake from  a liberty standpoint, and also very damaging to our companies-- companies that produce jobs with good wages. I have been fighting  against ill-advised encryption proposals because they would be bad for  security for the reason I mentioned. It would be a big gift to foreign  hackers and bad for liberty. The reality is, if we require our  companies to build backdoors into their products, the first thing that  is going to happen is all the companies overseas, where they will not  have such rules, will benefit enormously. A lot of good-paying jobs-- high-skill, high-wage jobs--would be at risk. I bring this up only by  way of stressing how important it is that we get this right; that we  advance policies that promote security and liberty and we recognize  right at the get-go that they are not mutually exclusive.   With that in mind, we turn to the nomination of Congressman Mike  Pompeo to be the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. After  consideration of his testimony and a review of his past statements--and  response to written questions--I have concluded that he is the wrong  man for the job. He has endorsed extreme policies that would  fundamentally erode the liberties and freedoms of our people without  making us safer. He has been unwilling to provide meaningful responses  to my questions with respect to these views. When he has provided  responses, they have often either been so vague or so contradictory  that it is impossible to determine what his core beliefs are or what he  might actually do if he is confirmed.   On issue after issue, the Congressman has taken two, three, or four  positions, depending on when he says it and whom he is talking to. He  has done this with surveillance, with torture, with Russia, and a  number of other subjects. So now we are at the end of the confirmation  process. There has been a hearing. I met with the nominee in private.  We submitted two sets of questions, both before and after the hearing.  Despite it all, it has been impossible to walk away with consistent  answers on the Congressman's beliefs on how he would lead the Central  Intelligence Agency.   Let me begin with surveillance. Just over a year ago, after the USA  FREEDOM Act had become law, Congressman Pompeo wrote in an op-ed that  Congress should pass a law reestablishing collection of all metadata.  This was a reference to the program in which the government collected  and kept the records of tens of millions of innocent Americans. When  the American people found out about this program, they were rightly  horrified and they rejected it, which was why--as we touched on this  afternoon on a bipartisan basis--Congress abolished the program through  the USA FREEDOM Act. That law got the government out of the business of  collecting these millions of phone records on law-abiding people, and  it did nothing to harm our security. For example, I am very proud that  I was able to work in a bipartisan way to author a provision that  allowed the government, in emergency circumstances, to get phone  records immediately and then go back later and seek court approval. I  wrote that provision to make sure that when the security of our great  Nation was on the line, it would be possible for our national security  officials to move immediately, without delay, to get the information  that was needed. Congressman Pompeo himself voted for the USA FREEDOM  Act before he turned around 8 months later and wrote that he wanted to  reestablish this sweeping and unnecessary program. So understand the  timeline. The Congressman talks about voting for the USA FREEDOM Act,  but after he cast that vote, he came out in a widely circulated article  in the Wall Street Journal for a proposal that really makes all the  earlier collection of phone records about law-abiding people look like  small potatoes. I am going to discuss that this afternoon.   The question really is, What does the Congressman believe? Does he  stand by his vote to abolish the NSA phone records dragnet? Was that  what he was suggesting when he brought up that vote during his hearing  or does he stand by what he wrote in his major opinion article that  came out well after the law he voted for? In response to questions, the  Congressman wrote  [[Page S374]]  that he believes the collection of tens of millions of Americans' phone  records provided a significant tool for the intelligence community and  that ``I have not changed my position.'' That sounds like an  endorsement of the mass surveillance of phone records.   Again, in the hearing, the nominee said something else. Senator  Heinrich asked him whether he had been briefed on whether the current  process--where the government collects phone records on an individual  basis rather than in bulk from millions of Americans, even if they are  not suspected of a crime--protects our Nation as well as the liberty of  millions of innocent Americans. The Congressman is a member of the  House Intelligence Committee so he has had the opportunity to be  briefed on this topic, but here is his response to Senator Heinrich:  ``Senator, I have not had a chance to have a complete briefing on that,  but I can say I have not heard anything that suggests that there is a  need for change today.'' In other words, in just a matter of days,  Congressman Pompeo has taken the position, first, that the bulk  collection of American phone records was a significant tool and that it  should be reestablished, and, second, while testifying to the  committee, that he has no basis on which to believe that is necessary.  That is such a head scratcher, I just don't know how to go about  squaring these truly conflicting statements.   What troubles me especially is if the Congressman were to be  confirmed as CIA Director, the doors would close and he would operate  in secret. Yet Americans do not know which position he would take in  running the CIA. The American people have no idea how Congressman  Pompeo would advise the President and his national security team on  what is truly necessary to protect the Nation.   Phone records are not the only communication records we need to be  concerned about. Until a few years ago, the NSA also ran a program in  which millions of Americans' email records were collected. Since the  Congressman wrote that he wanted to reestablish collecting all of the  metadata, I asked him whether he would support the resumption of that  program as well and whether he believed that millions of Americans'  email records should be combined with millions of American phone  records. He could have said no. He could have clarified that he was  only talking about phone records. Instead, he ducked taking a position.  In fact, he even indicated that he would be open to including email  records in his new database. His exact words were: ``If I am confirmed  and agency officials inform me that they believe the current programs  and legal framework are insufficient to protect the country, I would  make appropriate recommendations for any needed changes to laws and  regulations.''   What is especially troubling about this is that the bulk email  program was discontinued because it wasn't effective. I spent a lot of  time pressing intelligence officials to give us some evidence that you  had to go out and collect all of these email records from law-abiding  Americans. In the end, the Agency decided to look at it, and they came  to the same conclusion I did; that it wasn't needed. That is not a  judgment about whether the program violated Americans' privacy because  it definitely did that. The NSA determined that--in its words, not  mine--the program did not meet their ``operational expectations.'' This  is public information. All the details are available to the House  Intelligence Committee on which the Congressman sits. This should have  been an easy answer for the nominee, but he refused to rule out the  inclusion of millions of Americans' email records--records the NSA has  said it doesn't need--in what would be his idea of a massive new  government database.   The collection of phone and email records of millions of innocent  Americans is small potatoes compared to what the nominee wrote next.  His proposal was to combine all of the communications metadata, and  these are his words, with ``publicly available financial and lifestyle  information into a comprehensive searchable data base.'' This is far  bigger and more encompassing than any such data collection program that  the Bush-Cheney administration ever imagined.   I have been a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee since  before 9/11. I have been in a lot of debates about the appropriate  scope of government surveillance. I have never heard ever--not from  anyone--an idea so extreme, so overarching, and so intrusive on  Americans' privacy. I wanted to give the Congressman the opportunity to  explain what he was actually proposing. So during the confirmation  hearing--and later in what are questions that are submitted to him--I  tried to find out what his database would include and what, if  anything, it wouldn't include. I could not get substantive answers.  What we basically got was a big word salad with a liberal helping of  words that just kind of skirted the issue. My folks would call them  weasel words.    The Congressman did mention social media in his answers. But it is  one thing for the government to read the social media postings of  Americans because there is a specific reason to do so; it is something  else entirely to create a giant government database of everyone's  social media postings and to match that up with everyone's phone  records. We asked where the nominee would draw the line. He wouldn't  say.   Congressman Pompeo's vision of this vast government database doesn't  stop, by the way, with social media. What he wrote in his responses to  my questions was that he was ``generally'' referring to publicly  available information on the Internet or other ``public databases.'' I  will repeat that. He was generally talking about information already in  the public domain. That raised the question of what else the nominee  wanted to enter into a giant government database of information on  millions of innocent Americans. For example, did he have in mind  information on Americans that the government could obtain or purchase  from third parties, such as data brokers who collect information on the  purchasing history of our people? Imagine putting every American's  purchases into a government database, along with their social media  postings and all of their phone records.   After two rounds of submitted questions and a hearing, it was not  clear what the Congressman meant when he referred to ``all metadata''  or how he defined ``publicly available financial and lifestyle  information.'' What we do know for sure is that he wouldn't give us any  real sense of what he wanted to do with this proposal. He was unwilling  to talk about it.   The responses I got from the Congressman on this and other topics  generally fell into three categories. The first was, I will do what is  legal. The second one was, when it comes to Americans' privacy, that is  the FBI's problem, not the CIA's. And third, as CIA Director, I won't  do policy. I am going to briefly state why these are unacceptable  answers.   First, I asked the Congressman if there were any boundaries to his  proposed new, vast database on Americans. His response was, ``Of course  there are boundaries; any collection and retention must be conducted in  accordance with the Constitution, statutes, and applicable presidential  directives.'' That is not a response. Just because the government may  be able to legally obtain information on Americans on an individualized  or limited basis doesn't necessarily make it legal, much less  appropriate, to create this vast database with all kinds of information  on law-abiding Americans. If you take his response to mean that the  only boundaries are those established by law, then it is worth  considering how the intelligence community has frequently interpreted  the legal limits in which it operates: flexibly and in secret.   Even if we imagine that there are established legal boundaries that  would rein in the Congressman's CIA, consider what he himself has said  about those legal boundaries. He wrote in his op-ed--and these are his  words, not mine--that ``legal and bureaucratic impediments to  surveillance should be removed.'' It is also significant that  throughout his response to questions, he refers to CIA policies,  procedures, and regulations. As CIA Director, he would be in a position  to change those.   It seems to me that the Congressman can't have it both ways--he can't  say he is bound only by legal restrictions and avoid saying what he  thinks those restrictions should be.   The nominee's second way to avoid answering these questions was by  arguing that concerns about the privacy of  [[Page S375]]  Americans are the business of the FBI, not the CIA. That is just not  the case. There is a long and unfortunate history related to the CIA  and domestic intelligence, which the Church Committee documented in the  1970s. I will be clear--I don't believe the CIA is up to anything like  this today, but the possibility of returning to those days is certainly  a possibility if the Director of the CIA takes the flexible approach to  the rules that are intended to keep the CIA out of the lives of  American citizens. I will give just a few examples.   On January 3, the Director of National Intelligence put out new  procedures about the distribution within the intelligence community of  what is called raw signals intelligence. These are the actual content  of communications, as opposed to an analyst's report about these  communications. According to the new procedures, these communications  can be provided to the CIA if the CIA Director asks for them and  explains to the NSA why the CIA needs them.   Here is why this matters to the privacy of Americans: When raw  communications are distributed to the CIA, they include the  communications of Americans that have been sucked up in the overall  collection. So at this point, the CIA would have these communications.  According to the new procedures, in some instances the Director of the  CIA can approve CIA searches of that data for the communications of  Americans. The Director of the CIA can also approve the use of  Americans' communications. The question is, How would the Congressman  exercise these authorities? We just don't know.   Another example would be the CIA's own procedures for dealing with  information on Americans. Last week, the CIA updated these procedures  in a 41-page public document. They covered, for example, the CIA's  collection of vast amounts of information that includes the  communications of or information about Americans--what can be collected  by the CIA, what can be kept by the CIA, what can be distributed by the  CIA. The new procedures also cover when CIA officers are required and  when they are not required to identify themselves when participating in  organizations in our country.   Just reading these procedures makes it clear that the CIA's  activities bump up against the liberties of Americans all the time.  That is why the regulations exist. But if a CIA Director has extreme  views with regard to the liberties and freedoms of our people, that  could very well be reflected in how the Agency implements these  procedures or whether they get rewritten. How would the Congressman  apply these rules? Would he propose new ones to make it easier for the  CIA to look at more information about Americans? Again, we just don't  know.   One thing is clear: The views of the CIA Director about the liberties  and freedoms of Americans are just as relevant as those of the FBI  Director.   The nominee's third effort to avoid discussing his position was to  say that as the CIA Director, he wouldn't be responsible for policy. As  he asserted in his opening statement at the hearing, he would ``change  roles from policymaker to information provider.'' But anyone who is  familiar with the role of the CIA Director knows that is just not what  happens at the Agency.   First, the CIA Director does far more than deliver analysis to  government officials. Collection priorities, methods of collection,  relationships with foreign services, covert action, and many other  responsibilities of the office are policy matters.   In addition, the CIA Director and other leaders of the intelligence  community are asked repeatedly what they think is necessary and  appropriate to keep our Nation safe. At a moment of crisis, these  questions are especially pressing. We now know what happens in those  moments when leaders give wrong answers. After September 11, the  Directors of the NSA and the CIA offered their views of what should be  done. We all thought they had time stamps on them because we came back  to look at them after the immediate crisis was over, but our country  ended up for a fair amount of time with programs that ripped at the  very fabric of our democracy. There were warrantless wiretappings and  torture.   The Director of the CIA is a unique position. When someone is  nominated to lead a department that operates more or less openly, at  least the public can assess his or her performance, and at least a  fully-informed Congress can respond when he or she implements  wrongheaded policies. But the CIA Director operates in secret. What the  public finds out is entirely up to the CIA and the administration.   When it comes to deciding whether this is the right person for the  job, there is nothing for the public and most of the Congress to go on  other than what the nominee has said and done before and during the  confirmation process. Unless this is going to be a rare exception and  the Congressman would be a historically transparent CIA Director--and  there aren't any indications of that--then what we are talking about in  this confirmation debate today and why I thought it was important to  have a real debate today is that what we are talking about in terms of  much of the future of the CIA and the person who heads it--this is a  one-time shot for that discussion. That is why I don't consider the  vetting process to be finished.   (Mr. MORAN assumed the Chair.)   On the topic of the proposed massive new database and on a range of  other topics both classified and unclassified, the Congressman did not  provide substantive responses, so I have resubmitted my questions to  him.   Now, some--I heard this mentioned today--have said the Congressman  answered every question. They claim that somehow we are stalling, that  stalling is taking place for political reasons, so I want to be very  specific about what I mean when I say the Senate has not gotten  responsive answers.   The facts show that the nominee has gone to great lengths to dodge,  evade, and in effect tiptoe around a significant number of the  questions that were put to him. We held our hearing on January 12. I  asked the Congressman about what information that he would put in his  comprehensive, searchable database. I didn't get a meaningful response,  so I said at the hearing that I would like the nominee to furnish in  writing what limits, what safeguards, what railings would exist with  regard to this massive new database, far more encompassing than the one  the Congress voted to sideline.   The next day, I sent over specific questions. I asked him in writing,  as I had at the hearing: What are the boundaries for collection on  Americans who aren't connected to a specific investigation? This is  fundamental. What are the boundaries on collecting information on  Americans who aren't connected to a specific investigation? It is  particularly relevant since the nominee proposed this vast and sweeping  new database.   I wanted to know, and I believe the American people would like to  know because, as I said at the beginning, I think the public wants  security and liberty. That is what I am committed to doing. That is  what we did in the debate about the FREEDOM Act, where we stopped  collecting all of these phone records of law-abiding people, but I  wrote the provision that increased government's authority in emergency  situations.   People want to know: Are there any kind of limits and safeguards,  particularly if you are proposing something brandnew, a centralized  database, after the Congress voted to curtail something much more  limited?   The Congressman responded by saying that publicly available  information can be useful in stopping terrorist attacks and that  publicly available information involves fewer privacy concerns compared  to surveillance.   I agree on both counts. Nobody, no sensible person would dispute  these matters.   The question which remains unanswered is whether publicly available  information on every American should be gathered up into what the  Congressman describes as a ``comprehensive, searchable database.''   Since I had trouble getting an answer at that point, I also sent a  written question about whether--if information on an American is  legally available to the government on an individualized or limited  basis, does that make it legal or appropriate to compile it into a  bulk, giant database?   The Congressman testified that the boundaries of his database of  ``publicly available financial and lifestyle information'' were legal.  That raised the question: Is this whole database, this huge, new  database legal or not?  [[Page S376]]    He responded: ``I have not consulted legal experts.''   That is it. That was his answer.   So, again, when you have this sweeping new proposal, far more  encompassing than anything I have heard people talk about, the  Congressman, when asked whether the database was even legal, said that  he had not consulted legal experts.   Here is another question I submitted. I asked if his comprehensive  database should include information from third parties, such as data  brokers. And I think the distinguished Presiding Officer, who has a  great interest in these issues in the private sector, knows about the  possibilities of abuses with data brokers. I wanted to know whether  this database was going to include this kind of information.   Here is the Congressman's response in full: ``I have not studied what  information is available from third parties and the applicable legal  restrictions on obtaining such information.''   That is it. Nothing more. He could have said, for example, that he  wasn't contemplating including information from data brokers in this  database. He could have elaborated on what he actually meant. He didn't  do either. It was just more stonewalling.   Now, I want to make it clear. The question that I have asked--and I  heard a comment about why would we be taking this time. The questions  were prompted because of the Congressman's own words. He is the one who  proposed a vast database on innocent Americans. He is the one who will  not articulate the boundaries of what is a very extreme proposal. These  are basic questions that are directly relevant to this nomination. They  are questions that Americans need answered, and they go right to the  heart of how, in the future, we will have smart national security  policies that protect both our security and our liberty.   The American people thought after the USA FREEDOM Act was passed-- this was before, as I mentioned, the Congressman's new idea, something  vastly more involved. The public thought when the FREEDOM Act was  passed that the government was out of the business of collecting  millions and millions of phone records on law-abiding Americans. Now we  are talking about a nominee to be CIA Director who not only wants to  bring this back but proposes something that makes the collection of  millions of phone records on law-abiding people look like nothing.   That is why I wanted this debate. That is why I wanted us to have a  chance to talk about it in the light of day, rather than late Friday  night in the middle of inauguration parties. I wanted the public to  understand what the issues were and these questions I had about the  Congressman's own words. That is what this debate is about: What is the  Congressman really talking about with his own words?   When I receive meaningful answers to these and other questions, I  will consider the confirmation process complete. Until then, I don't  believe our work in reviewing the nominee and his views is done. That,  in my view, is the only way to pin down a nominee who has taken  multiple positions with regard to some of the most important issues.   By the way, I think it is worth noting, with respect to trying to get  some guardrails and protections into the most sweeping new surveillance  program I have ever heard of, that the Congressman said in his  testimony to the committee: ``I take a back seat to no one with respect  to protecting Americans' privacy.''   Now I want to turn to several other issues. I tried to get answers  from the Congressman about the outsourcing of surveillance against  Americans. During the campaign, the President invited the Russian  Government to continue hacking operations against his political  opponent. The President also said, with regard to Russian hacking, that  he would ``love to have that power.'' That is his quote, not mine.   So the question I wanted answered is: What would happen if the  Russians, or some other foreign entity, collected the communications of  Americans and, instead of giving them to WikiLeaks, provided them  directly to our government? This could be information about our  political leaders, journalists, religious leaders, business people,  typical innocent Americans.   At the hearing, the Congressman testified that it is not lawful to  outsource collection that the Agency isn't authorized to conduct  itself. That sounds like a reassuring statement to me. The problem is,  we are in a world in which the President of the United States has  already openly encouraged a foreign adversary to use its hacking  capabilities to attack our democracy.    What if a foreign adversary does it again and provides the fruits of  that hacking to the government without waiting for a specific  invitation from the CIA? What happens then?   In response to questions, the nominee wrote that only in ``very  limited circumstances'' would the collection of Americans'  communications be so improper that it would be inappropriate for the  CIA to receive, use, or disseminate them.   So I asked what those circumstances would be. The response was that  it was ``highly fact-specific.''   The vagueness here also is very troubling, so I tried to follow up.  What if the information came from an adversary, rather than an ally?  Did it matter what the intent of the foreign partner was--to support  our national security or further disrupt our democracy? Did it matter  if the information was about Americans engaged in First Amendment- protected activities, rather than about terror suspects? What if the  information provided to the government involved thousands or millions  of U.S. persons? I received no substantive answer other than all of  these issues were ``relevant.''   Other members of the committee and I asked other questions relating  to the collection and use of information on law-abiding Americans.  First, I asked the Congressman about section 702 of the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Act, specifically about the government's  backdoor searches of data for information on Americans.   He responded that the CIA can conduct these warrantless searches if  they are ``reasonably likely to return foreign intelligence  information.'' This is certainly potentially troublesome and is an  issue that the Senate is going to need to take up when considering the  reauthorization of that part of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act.   Perhaps more concerning, however, was the Congressman's statement  that when we are talking about collection outside of the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Act, the rules of what the CIA can access,  query, use, and retain should be even more broad and more flexible. And  I will just say, I don't know how you get much broader and more  flexible than the standard that currently applies to section 702.   Then I asked the Congressman about encryption, and, frankly, I did  because I had gotten the sense that maybe he held moderate positions,  and, as I said earlier, I am very troubled about the possibility that  American companies would be required to build back doors into their  products and that strong encryption would be weakened. I think this is  a massive gift to foreign hackers. I think it is a huge gift, by the  way, to pedophiles because if you weaken strong encryption, you weaken  that feature that parents use to make sure they are watching their  child and their child is safe.   I think it is very important not to weaken strong encryption from a  security standpoint, from a liberty standpoint. And I think it is just  flatout nuts to do it to our companies because our companies wouldn't  be able to compete with the companies overseas that would continue to  rely on strong encryption to be able to assure that their customers'  data was protected.   So I had kind of gotten the thought that the Congressman had moderate  positions. I asked him about that. And all he would say was that it was  a complicated issue, and he said that he might begin to form some  judgments.   This is an issue that has been discussed extensively in the Congress.  It has been discussed in this body. It has been discussed in the other  body. There are Members of both the Senate and the House, high-ranking  senior Members, who have a difference of opinion with me on encryption.  They want to weaken strong encryption. They think this is what the  government needs to get this data. I think that is a flawed view, but  people can have differences of opinion. That is why we have our unique  system of government; we have  [[Page S377]]  real debates, unlike what goes on in most of the world.   But here is a topic that has been discussed extensively in Congress.  And it was my hope that the nominee would at least have some sort of  judgment about this issue and could express that to the American people  prior to a confirmation vote.   Instead, what I got was: It is complicated. I think everybody  understands that.   Now I would like to turn to the question of torture. I simply have  not been reassured by the shifting statements about torture that the  nominee has given, so I would like to walk through this.   I happen to share the views of our very, very widely respected and  acclaimed senior Senator from Arizona that it is just not effective,  and he makes the case more eloquently than I. But that is not what is  at issue here specifically. It is about trying to sort out the  nominee's shifting statements about torture.   As late as 2014, he cited ending the CIA's torture program as  purported evidence that President Obama had refused to take  counterterrorism seriously. That is a pretty extreme view. By then,  even Members of Congress who had previously supported the program  believed it was best left in the past, but not our nominee to head the  CIA.    Now we come to this hearing when he emphasizes commitment to the 2015  law that limits interrogation techniques to those authorized by the  Army Field Manual. That sounds pretty good, but a review of his  responses to the committee's questions revealed more troubling views.  For example, he was asked about his statements in 2014 and whether he  believed the CIA's interrogation program should be resumed. He  responded that he would have consultations about whether there should  be ``changes to current interrogation or detention programs involving  CIA.'' Understand the implications of that. He was asked: Should this  interrogation program be resumed? And he was going to have  consultations about whether there ought to be changes in it.   With respect to the Army Field Manual, he wrote that these  consultations, including ``with experts at the Agency'' on ``whether  the Army Field Manual uniform application is an impediment to gathering  vital intelligence to protect the country or whether any rewrite of the  Army Field Manual is needed,'' certainly suggest again that there are  open questions with respect to the field manual and torture. The fact  is that the Army Field Manual could be improved to further clarify, in  my view, that the U.S. Government should rely on noncoercive techniques  that are the most effective. The statute states clearly that revisions  to the Army Field Manual cannot ``involve the use of threat or force.''  But given the Congressman's statements in support of torture, it is not  clear that is what he has on his mind. Consistently, on this issue,  there is a difference between what he says and the fine print when he  is required to state his views about interrogation in writing.  Moreover, the nominee is not just talking about changes in the Army  Field Manual, he is expressing openness to ditching the whole thing, at  least as far as the CIA is concerned.   The fundamental premise of the McCain-Feinstein legislation in 2015  was that the Army Field Manual would apply uniformly across the U.S.  Government, including the Department of Defense and the CIA. So while  he may have testified that McCain-Feinstein is the law, he plans on  questioning whether the whole thing ought to be tossed out.   Who are the experts at the Agency he wants to ask? There are  certainly CIA officers who understand the importance of uniform  standards and recognize the effectiveness of noncoercive interrogation  techniques. But if he is talking about going back to individuals  associated with the CIA's torture program, everybody ought to be very  apprehensive about what he is going to hear.   In other words, reading the nominee's response to written questions  is very different than listening to his testimony. His written  responses indicate both an openness to resuming the CIA's interrogation  program and questions about whether the Army Field Manual should apply  to the CIA.   I come back to that point. The nominee is a very skilled lawyer, and  he has been involved in intelligence for quite some time, but I have  been concerned that he has consistently said things that are different  than his written responses with respect to this issue. Part of what  concerns me about all this hedging is that the Congressman doesn't seem  familiar with the broad consensus that torture, in addition to being  contrary to our values, does not work. This is what was documented  extensively in the Intelligence Committee's torture report--not just  the 500-page summary but the 6,700-page full report. But there is a  growing body of additional evidence.   For example, the role of interrogating high-level terrorist suspects  in present years has been given to the High-value Detainee  Interrogation Group, which does not torture. The Congressman was asked  whether he believed this program was effective, a topic with which he  should be familiar as a member of the committee. He said he hadn't  studied the question. He was asked about their report last year that  detailed how noncoercive interrogation techniques are more effective.  He refused to give an opinion on this as well.   All of this is problematic because, as in the case of surveillance,  the Congressman has not considered whether we can do without highly  problematic programs at no cost to our security. Just as we have  security and liberty, we can have smart security policies that maintain  our national values.   His troubling views on torture were most apparent in the inflammatory  statements made in December 2014, when the Intelligence Committee  released the torture report. The nominee referred to criticism of the  CIA torture program as a ``liberal game,'' as if this view hadn't also  been expressed by some of the most conservative Members of Congress and  dozens of retired U.S. generals and admirals.   Many Senators from both parties supported the release of that report.  In my view, his statement was a direct attack on the patriotism of  people who had a different view. The nominee said that the release of  the report ``will ultimately cause Americans to be killed.'' The  torture report was not some leak. The CIA engaged in what is called  redaction, where they take out provisions that could put Americans at  risk. They took out names, pseudonyms, and, in some cases, titles.   I asked the Congressman whether he thought the Agency had failed to  protect Americans. He said he hadn't looked into it. In other words, he  just asserted that the release of the report would cause Americans to  be killed without having considered whether the CIA had adequately  protected against that. When an intelligence program such as the CIA's  torture program raises so many questions about our laws, our policies,  and our fundamental values, the American people deserve to know about  it. When the President of the United States has repeatedly advocated  for torture, it is especially critical that it be a public debate based  on facts.    If that can be done while protecting sources and methods, openness is  an imperative. That is why the Congressman's statements about the  release of the torture report are still so relevant. In my view, they  call into question his commitment to the principles of transparency and  accountability when our country needs both.   Finally, his responses to a number of other questions I proposed  raised additional concerns about the lack of transparency. I asked him  if he would commit to correct inaccurate public statements. He said  that wouldn't always be possible, and it would be his ``bias'' to  correct his own inaccurate statements.   I don't think that is good enough. As we saw in the case of the  public testimony by the Director of National Intelligence about  surveillance, when the American people learn that intelligence  officials have not been straight with them, it fundamentally erodes the  trust between the public and the government, and that is not good for  anyone.   I also asked the Congressman whether, if a U.S. Ambassador tells the  CIA to cease activities in his or her country, the Agency is obligated  to comply. Despite a clear statute that establishes this authority, the  nominee refused to  [[Page S378]]  answer. In my view, this raises questions about whether the CIA is  going to retain secret interpretations of the law. Without taking a lot  of time, sources and methods have to be classified in secret, but the  law ought to be public. Going back to secret laws, we saw that the  phone records program would be a big mistake.   I will wrap up by mentioning the Congressman's shifting views on the  intelligence community's assessment with regard to Russia and the U.S.  election.   On January 3 he submitted responses to prehearing questions. At the  time, then President-Elect Trump was still dismissing the intelligence  community's assessment, including the October 7 statement from the  Director of National Intelligence and Homeland Security that the  Russian Government had interfered in our election. The nominee is a  member of the House Intelligence Committee. So he had every opportunity  to judge the assessment for himself. But when he was asked about the  intelligence community's assessment by the committee, all he would say  is that it was a ``serious assessment of attribution and charge against  another country'' and that it ``should be taken seriously.'' That is  it. He didn't say whether he agreed with the Director of National  Intelligence or Homeland Security. In fact, he even defended the  President-elect's dismissal of the intelligence community's assessment,  saying that the ``context'' for the President-elect's statements was  political criticism of him and the election. Whatever politics are  going on have nothing to do with whether the intelligence community's  assessments about Russia made by the Director of National Intelligence  and made by the head of Homeland Security were or weren't accurate.   But then everything changed. On January 11, the President-elect said:  ``As far as [the] hacking, I think it was Russia.'' The next day at our  hearing, the nominee changed. He said the analysis was sound, but that  was a position he could have taken before, when the President-elect  didn't yet want to hear it.   We are headed into dangerous times. We need a CIA Director who is  direct about his beliefs and his assessments. The Congressman's  evolution on whether he agreed with the intelligence community's  assessment on Russia and our election is just one of the problematic  aspects of this nomination. Time and again, the nominee has taken  multiple positions on the same issue, which is why I have given him a  number of opportunities to explain where he stands.   But as I have explained this evening, that has been impossible. I  haven't gotten adequate responses. I resubmitted them. I also note that  I sent him classified questions as well. They were also unresponsive.   Frankly, I don't consider this nomination to have been fully vetted,  but we are going to vote. What I have heard leads me to conclude that  the Congressman should not be confirmed. He has held extreme views on  surveillance, torture, and other issues. His positions on surveillance  have failed to recognize that it is possible to have security and  liberty. I see virtually no commitment toward real transparency. His  views on the most fundamental analysis issue of the day--the  involvement of Russia in our election--seemed to shift with those of  the President. His changing positions on all these matters suggest  that, at this rare moment when the American people actually have an  opportunity to know who it is we are entrusting with some of the most  important, weighty, and secret positions in government, they are going  to be denied that chance.   That is why I oppose this nomination. I urge my colleagues to do so  as well.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Arkansas.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I want to be very brief. I know colleagues  are facing tough weather and are trying to deal with the logistics of  all that. I just want to close with a couple of points.   The first is that I have heard several of my colleagues say to me  that a central reason for voting for Congressman Pompeo this afternoon  is that they have said that he voted for the USA FREEDOM Act. That is  correct. The problem is that just a few months after he cast that vote,  the Congressman turned around and said he wanted to reestablish the  bulk phone record program in a way that was vastly more encompassing  and way more intrusive than the USA FREEDOM Act abolished. What he was  proposing after he voted for the USA FREEDOM Act, which says that  Congress says you ought to have limits, was a bulk metadata program  that was way beyond anything that the Bush-Cheney administration ever  imagined.   I have been on the Senate Intelligence Committee since before  September 11. I have been in the middle of countless debates about the  appropriate scope of government surveillance, but I have never heard-- not from anyone--an idea that was so extreme and so overreaching and so  intrusive of Americans' privacy. I bring this up only by way of saying  that, if confirmed, the nominee is going to be dealing with a whole  host of issues that, if we really think it through carefully and  thoughtfully, we can find a way to ensure that Americans have security  and liberty and that the two are not mutually exclusive. If we do it  wrong, which would certainly happen if one were to weaken strong  encryption, we will end up with less of both--less security and less  liberty.   With respect to the process, I would only say that this matter of the  way the Congressman handled his views with respect to surveillance and  torture and Russia really reflect how his views change on a major  issue, whether it is surveillance or torture or Russia, depending on  the time and who he is talking to. I just don't think that ought to be  the standard for winning support to head an agency as important as the  CIA.   I know my colleagues are on a very tight time schedule. I appreciate  the fact that we have had a chance to have this debate. I urge my  colleagues to oppose this nomination.   I yield back.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Lankford). The Senator from North  Carolina.   