 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the subcommittee  for organizing this event.   On behalf of the 1,419 Kentuckians who died of an opioid overdose in  2016, and the countless more who are currently suffering from opioid  addiction, I rise today in support of legislation to combat our  Nation's opioid epidemic.   Everywhere I go in Kentucky's Second District, I hear from people who  have felt the impact of the opioid crisis. The range of people falling  victim to opioid use disorder is vast--from babies born with opioid  withdrawal, to adults of all ages and backgrounds, even students,  brothers and sisters, moms and dads. It doesn't matter if someone  becomes addicted to opioids after they have sprained an ankle or  following major surgery--anyone who has been prescribed opioid  painkillers could be at risk, and we need to find a way to help the  thousands of people who have, in fact, become addicted.   I recently introduced two pieces of legislation to combat our  widespread opioid crisis. The first is the Comprehensive Opioid  Recovery Centers Act of 2018. I was proud to introduce this bipartisan  bill with the Health Subcommittee ranking member, the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Gene Green), the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Bucshon), and  the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Ben Ray Lujan).   This bill addresses the current lack of comprehensive treatment  options available to opioid use disorder patients. Currently, there is  a wide range of treatment options from faith-based abstinence programs  to FDA-approved medications, but not everyone has access to the  specific treatments they need.   Patients usually seek treatment from a facility convenient to them in  their own community or from a facility that is covered by their  insurance. However, most facilities only offer a single type of  treatment, which may or may not work for each individual patient. The  Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act would provide grant money to  help create treatment centers where every FDA-approved option is  available to each patient.   These centers would also include intake services and help with  reentering the community and provide data to the Department of Health  and Human Services so that other treatment centers can learn and apply  best practices to provide more patients with comprehensive care.   I also introduced the bipartisan Maternal Opioid Treatment, Health,  Education, and Recovery Act, known as the MOTHER Act, with Congressman  Ben Ray Lujan. Opioid addiction is a serious risk to anyone's health,  but it can even be more harmful and life-threatening for a pregnant  woman and her child. This bill would help healthcare providers better  treat pregnant women with opioid use disorder as well as babies who are  born experiencing opioid withdrawal.   The MOTHER Act increases education about neonatal abstinence  syndrome, which sadly affects babies whose mothers suffer from opioid  use disorder, and the bill also provides resources for pregnant mothers  and caregivers. It highlights the need for responsible pain management  for expectant mothers.   Our Nation is in the middle of combating a serious opioid epidemic,  and all of us on both sides of the aisle can agree on the need to act  with urgency on all fronts. I was proud to join with my Democratic  colleagues to introduce two bipartisan bills that would address  important aspects of the opioid crisis. I urge my colleagues to support  the Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act and the MOTHER Act. I  thank the subcommittee chairman for organizing this.   