 HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, the Office of  Environmental Justice, also known as the OEJ, was established within  the Environmental Protection Agency, the EPA, in 1992, in order to  assess environmental concerns with the potential of affecting  disadvantaged communities.   To bring about this goal, the OEJ set in motion the Environmental  Justice Small Grants Program in 1994. While this grants program  initially sought to overcome environmental issues that could hurt  underprivileged communities, it has, unfortunately, devolved into a  platform for political activism, in addition to offering services  typically powered by State and local governments.   Furthermore, in recent years, the Environmental Justice Small Grants  Program has been used for purposes entirely unrelated to the office's  stated mission. Examples would be: funding educational programs on  urban gardening, creating healthy environments for nail salons, or the  so-called negative consequences of automobile dependency.   While some of these projects may be commendable, the bulk are not  within the scope of the constitutional responsibilities delegated to  the Federal Government.   Our country currently shoulders $21 trillion in debt and we should  not be subsidizing what would otherwise be State initiatives and local  projects. It is for these reasons that I have introduced my amendment  to discontinue funding for the OEJ Small Grants Program. This will  allow the EPA to refocus millions of taxpayer funds toward the Agency's  core mission over the next decade, and I would ask my colleagues to  support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time.    HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I would, again, just  reiterate the fact that this grant program is not doing the job that it  was designed to do. It is not even doing things that are related to the  stated mission. It is a waste of taxpayer dollars, and for that, it is  not something that we should continue funding.   It has lost its purpose. It has lost its mission, and it just simply  is not necessary to continue funding. When we talk about the issues  happening in Puerto Rico or other parts of the world, we have FEMA and  we have other avenues to deal with serious problems like what happened  in Puerto Rico and other places in our country, and those means are  working effectively.   But to simply waste funds on a grant program that directly is  involved in activities unrelated to their own mission statement, is not  something that we should be involved in. As a result, this amendment  has been endorsed by a number of organizations, such as: the  Competitive Enterprise Institute, Heritage Action, Citizens Against  Government Waste, Club for Growth, FreedomWorks, Free Market America,  and a host of organizations who are concerned about the direction our  country is going financially and are supportive of stopping the waste  here.   So I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate these  comments. What we are dealing with would simply do away with funding of  the small grants part of this program where those funds are not being  used according to the mission.   Mr. Chair, I continue to ask for support from my colleagues, keeping  in mind the multiple organizations that are supportive of this  amendment. I ask my colleagues to support this, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   