 Mr. President, this week we are considering the bipartisan  farm bill. The Senator from Mississippi who was just presiding, the  Presiding Officer, and I were all raised on farms, so we have an  immediate sense that this must be pretty important because of where we  grew up and how we grew up. But I think people have less and less  connection with what it really takes to grow the food and fiber we need  in this country. The farm bill doesn't have quite the same resonance it  used to have in terms of millions and millions and millions of families  watching carefully to see what the Congress is going to do. In fact,  the families who watch this most closely today may very well be the  families who benefit from the nutrition parts of the farm bill. The  vast majority of spending is in the nutrition parts of the farm bill.  The truth is that if you don't have what people need to sustain  themselves, nutrition policy really doesn't matter unless what we do in  agriculture works. So a lot of the debate here is about that.   In my State of Missouri, we have nearly 100,000 farms. The vast  majority of those are family-owned and cover two-thirds of the total  land of our State. The industry supports 400,000 jobs in a State of 6  million people, so it has a substantial impact on what we do. The  Mississippi Valley, where the Presiding Officer and I are located, is  the biggest piece of contiguous agricultural ground in the world, and  we are in the middle of that.   In terms of production in the United States, Missouri ranks second in  the number of beef cows; fourth in rice; fifth in turkeys; sixth in  soybeans; seventh in hogs; ninth in corn; and tenth in cotton. So there  are a number of places in the farm bill that impact us, and those crops  and others that we might not rank quite so high in are still an  important part of our economy.   World food demand is expected to double in the next 30 years or so.  That is an easy thing to say and an easy thing to hear, but it is sort  of a hard thing to think about. With all the time  [[Page S4482]]  in which people have been trying to develop better and better  agriculture--we think it took about 10,000 years to raise all the food  we raise today--we have about 30 years to figure out how to raise twice  as much food as we raise today, and we are likely to need to do that on  no more land than we are doing it on now and with fewer inputs. We will  need to do that in a way that probably uses not just less water per  amount of food grown, but less water totally--not just less fertilizer  per crop, but less fertilizer totally. So we will need a lot of  science-based work to figure out how we meet this incredible  opportunity and challenge of doubling all the food we grow.   I saw some FFA students under a big shade tree looking back at the  Capitol on two different days last week. Both times I said: I really  can't think of any group I can talk to where I could say with such  certainty that no matter what you do, understand that agriculture in  the next 30 years as a part of our economy is going to be twice as big  the day you retire from whatever you decide to do as it was the day you  started. It would take a cataclysmic event for that not to be true.   I said just a minute ago that world food demand will double in about  30 years. We think world food needs will double in 40 years. What is  the difference? In 40 years, we will have to have that much food to  feed all the people there are to feed. We think that in 30 years it  will have to double to meet people's demands for the kinds of food they  want to buy. No matter what, in 40 years, twice as much food as we have  today will be needed.   This farm bill gives us the chance to advance the kinds of policies  that allow us to meet that challenge. It is a bipartisan bill. Chairman  Roberts and Senator Stabenow, the top Democrat on the committee, have  worked hard to produce this bill. Like all pieces of bipartisan  legislation, it is not the bill either of them would have written on  their own, but it is a bill that can and should pass.   It makes difficult decisions on how to balance priorities and  maintain budget discipline at the same time. It is logically connected  with helping those who grow our food--the people who determine whether  we have an affordable and dependable supply of food, fuel, and fiber.  All of that is at stake in this legislation.   The farm bill we are considering provides certainty for farmers. Like  the farm bill we did 5 years ago, it takes a different course. It stays  where we were. This is more evolutionary than a big revolutionary  change. Five years ago, we went much more toward risk management, where  the Federal Government basically helped put an insurance kind of  component together to insure against the many things that happen in the  life of a farm family and in the life of growing food. You don't  control the weather. You don't control the prices. You don't control  much of anything. You just hope that everything works out and allows  you to continue to do something that in the case of almost all farm  families in America, they love to do and that is why they do it.   The bill makes forward-looking investments to help new and beginning  farmers. The average age of farmers in America today is almost 60. That  means half the farmers are over 60, and half the farmers are under 60.  Obviously, we have to be concerned. We are concerned about pilots and  say: Gee, we are running out of pilots because military-trained pilots  are not going to be available to us. We are also about to run out of  farmers.   If half the farmers in the country today are over 60, we need to be  looking for ways to allow beginning farmers to farm and to meet the  needs as well as the opportunities of a growing world where, with fewer  resources and the same amount of land, as I said before, we are going  to have this great opportunity.   Nobody in the world is better at this than we are, and nobody in the  world is better positioned than we are to get ag products all over the  world. This is a huge opportunity for our country. In my State--the one  I know more about than any other State--we are home to world-class  animal and plant scientists. There are more plant scientists within 100  miles of St. Louis, MO, than there are anywhere else in the world in  the same amount of space. The farm bill will continue to allow those  things to move forward and, again, try to do more with less and produce  a better quality product with less input. As farmers deal with the  unpredictability of the weather and the market, this is designed to  help provide stability as that market grows.    To go back to where I was a minute ago, I believe the biggest  economic transactional group in America on any given day--people buying  food, fuel, and fiber--relates to agriculture. That is going to double  in less than one working lifetime. That is almost never going to work  out exactly right. The weather will not be right; the world crops will  not be what we thought they were going to be. We want to be sure people  don't give up on this opportunity because it is also such a big  challenge.   How do you communicate in a world environment with this kind of  challenge? The bill also makes investments in rural America to expand  high-speed broadband and improve rural infrastructure, something the  President, in every discussion I have heard on infrastructure, talks  about 25 percent of this needing to go to rural infrastructure. But  part of that infrastructure is wireless technology and wireless  infrastructure.   If you are going to have precision farming, if you are going to not  put more cost into parts of your field than you should, you and your  equipment need to know exactly where you are--I mean precisely where  you are. You can't do that if you are not connected to broadband in  some way. The GPS systems, the data centers, the automation systems  just don't work without that. If you don't have high-speed internet,  you don't have high-speed commodity trading capacity. So while somebody  maybe 10 miles down the road from you has instantaneous ability to take  advantage of a market to buy or sell, yours may be just slow enough  that you miss the moment.   So the ability to live in rural America, to thrive in rural America,  and to farm as you are going to need to farm for the world we are about  to get into is really important. This farm bill isn't just about  economic security, although that is a big part of it. It is also about  what it takes daily to sustain yourself and those you care about.   As I said, the nutrition programs are now a significant majority of  farm bill spending. We are going to debate how some of that money  should be spent. But we are entering a time of great opportunity--a  time where Americans, particularly in the middle of the country, are  really good when you have an economy that is production-oriented, based  on growing things and making things, and that growing-things economy is  a lot bigger than just production agriculture. It is production  agriculture; it is food processing; it is insuring what happens on the  farm; it is transportation. We are one incident away from identifying  where all that food has been all the time.   I am glad we are getting to the farm bill as quickly as we are. I  hope we can pass our bill, come to conference with the House, and put a  bill on the President's desk as soon as possible, so with all of the  other things that farmers and their families have to deal with, the one  thing they will know with some certainty is what the Federal farm bill  and what Federal nutrition programs are going to look like over the  next handful of years.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   