 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Cyber Diplomacy  Act and efforts to increase international cooperation and promote  global stability in cyberspace.   As the cofounder and co-chair of the Congressional Cybersecurity  Caucus, I firmly believe that cybersecurity is the national and  economic security challenge of the 21st century, and we must integrate  cyberspace into our foreign  [[Page H439]]  policy if we are to successfully mitigate the many threats that we face  in this new domain.   Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recognized this when she  created the Office of the Cyber Coordinator within the State Department  in 2011, and her successor, Secretary John Kerry, continued American  leadership in cyber diplomacy.   I had the privilege of working with the inaugural cyber coordinator,  Chris Painter, and we are deeply indebted for his 6 years of service in  that role. I cannot remember a meeting I had with a cybersecurity  expert from a foreign government where his name did not come up as  someone who is actively promoting American interest in a free, open,  and secure internet.   I am deeply grateful for the leadership of Chairman Royce and Ranking  Member Engel in recognizing the importance of this role and bringing  this bill forward to codify and expand it.   This effort is particularly timely as, since Mr. Painter left, there  has been some confusion about whether the position would even be filled  or if the office would be reorganized under the Bureau of Economic and  Business Affairs. It is my goal to see that that does not happen and  that this bill prevails. That position deeply needs to be in the State  Department, where we can show American leadership on a diplomatic front  in cyber.   As a Member who serves on two national security committees, I must  emphasize that cybersecurity is not just an economic issue, and this  bill appropriately recognizes the broad scope of cyber diplomacy.   Mr. Speaker, every armed conflict going forward in the world today  has--and all future conflicts will have--a cyber component. We have  seen our cyber adversaries like Russia use cyber tools as instruments  of statecraft, including efforts to undermine faith in the bedrock of  our democracy, our elections.   We must engage bilaterally and multilaterally with our international  partners and even our adversaries in order to protect our interests and  allow us to continue to reap the benefits of a connected society.   The lack of policies, norms, and precedents in this new sphere of  state interaction continues to increase the potential for a cyber  incident to lead to escalating conflict. It is up to the hardworking  and, sadly, underappreciated members of our foreign service to change  this paradigm and encourage generally stabilizing rules of the road in  cyberspace, and this bill will ensure they have the leadership  structure to do just that.   Mr. Speaker, let me again thank the chairman and ranking member for  their extraordinary work on this important bill.   