 Madam Chair, I want to thank Chairman Calvert along with  our friend and neighbor, Congressman Cook, on this issue which is,  quite frankly, a matter of survival for two communities in my district.   I submitted an amendment to this Appropriations bill to ensure the  city of Banning and the community of Banning Heights can continue to  receive water from a conveyance flume that they have relied on for over  100 years. The water from the flume provides 100 percent of the water  for the community of Banning Heights and approximately 30 percent of  the water for the city of Banning.   This isn't a small matter for these communities. In fact, I  understand that during times when Banning Heights hadn't received water  from the flume, the city of Banning has had to use temporary means to  deliver an emergency supply of water to them.   This shouldn't even be an issue. The two communities have an  undisputed water right and a historic right-of-way to maintain the  flume that brings the water to the community. The flume was previously  used by Southern California Edison under a hydroelectric permit with  the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. For more than a decade,  Edison has been in the process of decommissioning this permit, and the  city of Banning and Banning Heights are simply seeking to ensure that  the flume can be repaired and maintained and continues to deliver  water.   Earlier this month, the Forest Service issued a letter stating that  they would require the inclusion of new instream flows as a contingency  of the issuance of a special use permit just to allow the city to make  repairs to the flume. This requirement would mean that in an average  year, the two communities would receive no water from the flume on more  than 100 days, I repeat, no water for nearly one-third of the year.   Additionally, during periods of drought, the Forest Service estimates  that the communities could go more than 50 consecutive days during the  summer months without water.   This is simply unacceptable.   While my amendment will not be debated on the floor today, I will  continue to work with the Forest Service to resolve this situation in a  way that protects the water rights of Banning and Banning Heights and  makes sure that any new instream flows do not take away water from  communities that need it.   Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Calvert again for his attention to  this. I ask the gentleman for his commitment to work with me to resolve  this critical issue for my constituents.    Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of Congressman Polis,  and I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this bipartisan  amendment with my colleagues Representatives Polis, King, and Renacci  to support the brave men and women who serve as volunteer firefighters.   This commonsense amendment would add an additional $2 million for  volunteer fire assistance grants. These grants provide matching funds  to local and rural volunteer fire departments to assist with training  and the purchase of communications and safety equipment.   California experienced one of the worst wildfire seasons in history  last year, and this year is shaping up to be no different. Volunteer  firefighters will provide nearly 80 percent of the initial defense of  homes, businesses, and communities in the face of these fires before  reinforcement arrives.   In my district, where we are under the constant threat of wildfire,  departments such as Idyllwild Fire Protection District and the  Riverside County Fire Department have benefited from the VFA grant  program. These departments provide fire protection services to dozens  of rural communities in my district that are at a heightened risk of  wildfire due to the sustained drought and heat California is  experiencing.   The volunteer firefighters who serve Idyllwild routinely overcome  significant communications and topographical challenges. Grant  programs,  [[Page H6456]]  like volunteer fire assistance grants, help them respond quickly and  effectively to fire emergencies.   Throughout the rest of my district, interim Riverside Fire Chief  Daniel Talbot has done an excellent job leading the department and  preparing for what is already an intense fire season. This week alone,  several new fires have sprung up as triple-digit temperatures continue  to create a tinderbox across the Western United States. Images of  blackened cars and houses reduced to their foundations are already far  too common, images we will, unfortunately, only continue to see more  of.   Despite this constant and recurrent threat, we still fail to treat  fires like the devastating natural disasters that they are. The damage  caused by wildfires in California, Colorado, and other States has been  heartbreaking, and yet we still continue to underfund mitigation,  suppression, and prevention efforts for these disasters.   Any additional assistance we can provide to those on the front lines  to keep our communities safe is our social responsibility to protect  the common good, especially when volunteers risk their lives to save  our lives without pay.   Many of these departments who benefit from the VFA program operate in  rural towns on shoestring budgets, so an additional $2 million will go  a long way to helping them purchase critical extra equipment.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  amendment to give our firefighters the equipment and training they need  to keep the public safe.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I certainly appreciate and thank my  colleague, who has given his time in fighting fires in his capacity.   I thank my colleagues, as well as the chairman and the ranking  members for their work on this bipartisan bill.   Mr. Chairman, once again, I urge my colleagues to support this  bipartisan and commonsense amendment to support the volunteer  firefighters who protect our communities, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   