 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in January of next year, when I cast my  final vote and look back on 18 years in the House and the Senate, one  of the things I will value most are the friendships made during my time  here.   I have been fortunate to have an incredible staff to work with for  every year that I have been here: from the interns who answer the phone  calls, not all of those phone calls pleasant, mind you, to the staff  assistants who make constituents and visitors feel welcome in my office  and in the Capitol; to office managers who make things run smoothly and  build comradery among the staff and the team; to legislative  correspondents who skillfully explain the nuances of bills and  resolutions I have sponsored or those I have avoided; to legislative  assistants who delve deep into the issues, much deeper than I have the  time or sometimes the inclination to dig into; to a press shop that  tries and often succeeds in making me look better and more thoughtful  than I am; to legislative directors who try to focus my attention on  issues where I might make a bit of a difference; to schedulers who  gently remind me, without judging, of family birthdays and  anniversaries and who keep me out of the middle seat more often than  not; to expert staff in Arizona who endure protests and provide skilled  outreach, sometimes to lonely posts across the State; to caseworkers  who work to solve Medicare, Social Security, veteran, and immigration  issues for constituents who later thank me in the grocery store for  tireless work that I scarcely knew was done.    Now, to keep this ship moving in the right direction, there has to be  a leader at the helm who is accomplished and skilled, equal parts firm  and kind. It has been my good fortune that Chandler Morse has filled  that role for many years. Chandler will be leaving for greener pastures  at the end of this month.   Chandler first came to my House office in 2005 as a legislative  assistant. I remember looking at his resume and wondering if his  background at the National Association of Homebuilders would lend  itself to working on a broader legislative agenda. But as soon as I met  Chandler, I knew that he had the intellect and the work ethic to do  whatever I asked of him. I have never been disappointed.   Chandler moved from legislative assistant to legislative director to  deputy chief of staff and, eventually, to chief of staff here in the  Senate. Along the way, he has handled natural resource issues, trade  issues, homeland security issues, U.S.-Cuba policy issues, and, perhaps  most difficult and vexing of all, immigration issues.   The Members and staff making up the Gang of 8 in 2013 relied heavily  on Chandler's work and expertise during months of negotiations that led  to the successful passage of a good bipartisan bill.   I would like to think that Chandler has enjoyed climbing aboard the  Marc train in Baltimore to come to work in Washington every day. I  would like to think that, but about this I am certain: He is much  happier climbing back on that train every night because he knows that  his beautiful wife Annie and his precious kids, Parker and Talie, are  waiting for him to come home.   I know that as much as he likes drafting good amendments, blocking  bad legislation, or crafting lame puns about earmarks or wasteful  spending, Chandler would prefer to be hiking or camping with his family  or taking in the outdoors in his beloved Maine. This speaks well for  his priorities.   When Chandler Morse takes his leave at the end of next week, this  institution will lose a loyal public servant. My Senate office will  lose a leader and a mentor, but as for me, I will retain a friend for  life, and for that I am grateful.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   