 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5861 and I want to  associate myself with the remarks of Chairman Royce of the Foreign  Affairs Committee.   This bill deals with two very related issues. One is investment in  the United States when that could indeed undermine our national  security. So this bill would reform the CFIUS process, the process by  which we review taking control of a business enterprise in the United  States that may have strategic implications. That part of the bill is  the product of the Financial Services Committee.   The second part of the bill reauthorizes and reforms our long-lapsed  export control statute.   I would like to commend Representatives Heck, Pittenger, and Barr for  their work on the first part of this bill, and commend Chairman Royce  and Ranking Member Engel for their leadership on the reform and  recodification of the Export Control Reform Act.   This is a bill that deals with our national security as it may relate  to business; first focusing on investments, then focusing on the sale  of products abroad.   I have served on the two committees of jurisdiction for over 20  years, and have been working on this issue for all of that time.   First, as to the investment or CFIUS portion of the bill, I serve as  ranking member of the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee and know  firsthand that Chinese companies are not always driven just by their  own company profits. But instead, they are looking at a bigger picture,  working with Beijing to advance China's global interests. And all too  often, these interests undermine American national security.   Foreign investment in the United States often benefits us. We should  encourage and welcome foreign investments that create jobs for American  workers. But when a firm absorbs innovative American technology and an  innovative American company and then transfers the know-how and the  jobs, often to China, we may have a problem.   I am pleased to indicate that the CFIUS portion of this bill has  three of my amendments, which are designed to recognize that national  security is not just a matter of missiles and warships, but also  maintaining our strategic technological edge.   The first of my amendments requires that CFIUS focus on the national  security risks of offshoring American jobs. Because when you hollow out  the American workforce, when you create a circumstance where Americans  no longer have those technical skills, then you undermine our ability  to provide for our own national defense.   The second deals with the risk of censorship that arises when foreign  companies acquire our companies engaged in entertainment and  information, and requires CFIUS to report to Congress on this issue of  controlling our entertainment and information industries.   We learned in the 2016 election that hostile foreign countries  attempt to influence the American public, so we should study the  potential for foreign ownership of media in the United States to  influence our political discourse and ultimately our elections and  government power.   I would point out that if you control broadcasting, if you control  movie screens, if you control mechanisms of distribution, you control  what movies and TV shows will be made, and we should not put any  hostile foreign power in a position to dictate that we never make  another movie about Tibet.   We never want to put ourselves in a position where China controls  what we see on our screens, in our entertainment, in our newspapers.   I would point out that China already has control over films being  distributed in China. They unjustly limit that through a protectionist  quota system and use that to try to force American studios to make  movies that are consistent with the objectives of the Chinese  Government.   My third amendment focuses on the Made in China 2025 program by  acknowledging that supposedly independent Chinese companies are, in  fact, required to work with their own government.   Simply put, if you are based in Shanghai, you are going to listen to  Beijing, and when the CFIUS process provides heightened scrutiny for  government-controlled investment, that should apply to any company in a  managed economy that is, in effect, under government supervision and  control.   Mr. Speaker, I now move on to the export control portion of this  bill, the portion that limits what technology we can sell abroad.   This act has not been amended since 1990. It expired in 2001. It has  been held together through a series of temporary executive orders.   This bill provides for export controls that support U.S. foreign  policy goals such as complementing economic sanctions, combating  terrorism, and prohibiting the export of items that will be used in  human rights violations.  [[Page H5693]]    I offered, and I am pleased that the committee accepted, one of my  amendments that would require the Department of Commerce to look at the  significantly negative impacts of controlled exports on our defense  industrial base.   When we allow the tools, the dies, the materials for manufacturing to  be exported, we, therefore, lose the workforce, lose the capacity, and  lose the ability to provide for our own defense.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the support of this important legislation which  modernizes CFIUS and our export control laws.   Mr. Speaker, seeing no other speakers on our side from the Foreign  Affairs Committee, I would urge my colleagues to vote for this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Maxine Waters), the ranking member of the Financial  Services Committee, and I ask unanimous consent that she be allowed to  control that time.    Mr. Chair, I want to commend the subcommittee and the  full committee for including in the base text a provision that says  that no funds shall be used in contravention of the War Powers Act.  This is a provision I originally proposed in 2011 as a floor vote. We  lost at first, but it was adopted in 2011 and has been part of the base  text ever since.   The War Powers Act is the one restraint on a President who seeks to,  on their own accord, send our troops into harm's way for permanent  warfare. It says that troops cannot be deployed for more than 60 or 90  days without an Authorization for Use of Military Force, but every  President since the Vietnam war has claimed that the War Powers Act was  an unconstitutional, nonbinding provision on the President's power to  send our troops.   That is why I am pleased to report to the House that, when he  testified before our committee, former Attorney General Mukasey said,  But with this provision, the President has to abide by the War Powers  Act.   