 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, I rise to speak as well about the issue of  pensions, as many of my colleagues have been speaking about tonight.  First of all, I want to outline a series of what I believe to be  promises that the Senate and the House must keep with large segments of  the American people.   Last year at this time, we were in a long debate, which had  transpired over months, and the main issue there was healthcare for  retired coal miners and their families. This was a promise made to coal  miners across the country--thousands of them across the country and  thousands in Pennsylvania alone--who were promised they would have  healthcare in their retirement. That promise went unfulfilled despite  the fact that we got a bill through the Senate Finance Committee, as we  were instructed to do, to follow so-called regular order--have a  hearing, have a vote, get it through the committee--but it was held up  month after month, really from the fall of 2016 until April of 2017.  That promise almost went unfulfilled, and it took far too long, but  eventually we got it done.   At that time, we made another promise to those same coal miners that  we would work on the pension issue for them. That was the second half  of the original legislation.   When it comes to promises, we have promises to keep to those  Americans who worked so hard in the most difficult job in the world.   We also have some promises that must be fulfilled. I would hope that  the Republican leadership and Republican Members of the House and the  Senate, along with the administration--one party in charge of two  branches of government--would keep their promise to 9 million American  children. The Children's Health Insurance Program is more than 100 days  overdue from being reauthorized. Everyone says they are for it, but it  is not done. It was set aside to get a tax bill done, which, in my  judgment, was a giveaway to the superrich and big corporations. Even if  you wanted to support the tax bill, why couldn't you carve out some  time by the end of the year, I asked the majority, to get the  Children's Health Insurance Program reauthorized? Nine million kids;  one hundred eighty thousand in Pennsylvania. Why couldn't you get it  done?   Here we are now in the middle of January facing yet another deadline,  and the Children's Health Insurance Program is not yet reauthorized.  That is a promise. We will see by the end of the week whether the  majority keeps its promise to those 9 million children.   The pension issue is the one I am going to talk about tonight, but  there is also a promise that was made to approximately 800,000 young  people, the individuals in the so-called DACA Program, the Dreamers.  That is another promise.   The promise we are talking about tonight, at least on this side of  the aisle in the Senate, is the promise of pensions. Why do so many  pension plans face the obstacles, the burdens, and the crisis they face  right now? The two main reasons are, first and foremost, the financial  crisis, which wiped out stock holdings just as these members were  retiring, and, of course, the second reason is substantial job loss in  the industries that are affected by these pension plans.   While Wall Street and the gross domestic product have recovered from  the horrific financial crisis that the country has now recovered from,  but some people are still being hurt by it, and as the wealthier are  doing better than ever--the number that was cited a couple of months  ago was that since 1980, the share of national income--if you took all  the income in the country, the share of national income held by the top  1 percent was 11 percent in 1980. That is a pretty high number for 1  percent. They had 11 percent of the national income. What was it in  2014? It had almost doubled to 20 percent. So when I say that the very  wealthy, the top 1 percent, have done quite well--I have even used the  word ``bonanza''--they have done very well since 1980--I can back it up  with a number, and that is the number. So even as they are doing  better, and those other indicators might seem better, wages and  opportunities for the middle class have stagnated, and our pensions  have paid the price.    Workers across the country--including tens of thousands of coal  miners, teamsters, and bakery and confectionary workers in  Pennsylvania--are living with the worry that their pensions may not  remain solvent. They played by the rules. They paid their dues. They  put in their time for their companies. They and their children paid the  price during the financial crisis with their jobs and their wages. They  should not have to continue to pay the price in retirement through  reductions in promised pension benefits.   It is inexcusable and insulting for Americans to live with this type  of worry, wondering whether they will have the quality of life in  retirement they planned for and depended upon throughout their  careers--careers of hard work and sacrifice, careers of giving so much  to their companies and in many cases, so much to their country as well.  Yet we have that uncertainty facing those individuals and their  families. They are wondering whether, after decades of working in jobs  that took a toll, in many cases, on their own bodies, they will need to  go back to work so they can afford the heating bills or the cost of  medication. That is insulting.   We must take action now to shore up our pension system, to keep the  promise to the Americans who made our country what it is today--the  greatest in the world, for sure. We know where Democrats stand on this  issue. We are with workers. The question now is whether Republicans  will work with us to get this done.   As I said before, Republicans have all the votes they need to get  this done. They didn't flinch in December when it was a question of  whether they would give $13 billion in tax windfalls to the Nation's  largest banks. All of that, of course, was unpaid for. We know where  Republicans stand when it comes to giving away billions of dollars in  borrowed money to large, profitable corporations. That was the tax bill  that I mentioned before. We will soon find out whether they stand with  workers when it comes to their pensions.   The Republican Congress needs to act now to make sure that we pass  what is called the Butch Lewis Act to give retirees in Pennsylvania and  others across the country the peace of mind that comes with knowing  their retirement is secure. It is fundamental. This is a promise. It is  either going to be kept, or it is going to be violated. This is the  week to ensure that it is kept for those Americans who have worked so  hard. They deserve these pensions. They have earned them. We need to  keep our promise. The majority needs to keep its promise.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   