 Madam President, Senator Tillis and I have come to the  floor today because we have just some incredible frustration and wanted  to be able to bring some facts to this conversation.   I absolutely grieve for the Federal workers in my State. I mean,  there are some phenomenal people who do an amazing job. Most people  will never know their names, but, every day, they are getting up to  serve the American people.   Every day, there are folks who are in our military who are serving  the American people. The civilians who surround them, though they are  not listed as Federal employees, are intimately connected to what we  are doing for the Federal task--for people. They are trying to figure  out this afternoon what is going to happen to them this weekend and  next week. They are frantically getting together in offices all over  Oklahoma and, quite frankly, all over America and are trying to piece  together the ``now whats?'' of a government shutdown, which is  distracting them from getting all of the things done that they already  need to get done that they are backlogged on now. For what?   The frustration of this whole focus on ``let's do a government  shutdown over not having to have real discussions about DACA and  immigration'' is not only not accurate, but it is also something that  is already in the process that is somehow being short-circuited. All of  these Federal workers and all of these civilian employees who are going  through all of this turmoil in trying to figure out why DACA is not  resolved and why the deadline for DACA is in the first week of March,  yet it forces them to be out and have all of this chaos now, at the end  of January, has brought utter confusion to everyone, especially when  you know the history of this dialogue. Let me walk everyone backward  through a span of a few months here.   In September, the Nation was surprised when President Trump announced  that he was not going to renew DACA and that he wanted a legislative,  long-term fix for DACA. The very day that he made that announcement, I  released a statement, saying: In America, we do not hold children  accountable for the acts of their parents. We don't do that in American  law.   Just a couple of days after that, the President called me late one  night. He said: Hey, I saw your statement in a report about that. Can  we talk about it? We spent about 20 minutes late that evening just  talking about immigration policy and his interest in getting a  legislative, long-term resolution for DACA, for these kids who have to  renew every 2 or 3 years, and they have no idea what is going to  happen. He wanted to have some semblance of permanence for them but, at  the same time, also resolve some of the issues around border security  that were not controversial a few years ago. He said that we need to  deal with some issues with border security, and we need to deal with  the issue of DACA and give them some semblance of permanence. Can we  put this together?   Actually, at that time, Senator Tillis and I were already working to  get something together because, for the last 15 years, the DREAM Act  has come up before the House and the Senate, and for 15 years, it has  failed every single time. The DREAM Act failed when there was a  Democratic President, a Democratic Senate, and a Democratic House of  Representatives. That bill was not going to pass. We knew that, so we  went to work, asking: What is a better solution that will provide some  semblance of permanence on this?   Our conversation was about a lot of the pushback as to why the DREAM  Act had not passed in the past. A lot of Americans feel like: I  understand this group of individuals has grown up in our country,  pledges allegiance to our flag, speaks English, is passionate about  where they live, that this feels like home to them, but it is not home.  They wanted them to be able to have that opportunity, but they didn't  want them to be able to cut in line.   So we put in a process to say that here is a way those individuals  can earn the right to be naturalized citizens of the United States, but  they have to earn it through a process, just as someone who is  international would have to go through that process to be here. The  exception would be they are already here, and they wouldn't have what  DACA provided. DACA provided 2 years of ``we will not arrest you'' but  no legal status. This would provide immediate legal status and an  opportunity after 10 years to be able to earn naturalization. That had  never been offered like that before.   We worked through all of the details of that and laid out a proposal  and said: This is a section of a larger bill. We feel that this is a  way to get past what has blocked the DREAM Act year after year after  year and what has been the biggest frustration for many of the people  in the country with the DREAM Act. Yet our caveat was very consistent.  We wanted to be able to resolve this, but it had to be resolved with  border security attached to it.   I didn't think that was an unreasonable request. I was surprised to  hear that it might have been since, in the previous Gang of 8 versions  several years ago that had come out of the Senate, there had been a  large section in it about border security. I assumed this would be a  nonissue to be able to pair those issues together. It seems  irresponsible to deal with the DACA issue and to not address: How did  that happen in the first place? To say that we have a secure border and  that we don't need to address anything would be to ignore 12 million  examples in our country of that rule being violated either through visa  overstays or through individuals coming across the border who want to  be in our country but who have crossed illegally instead of through a  legal process.   We are a very open, receiving country. Every day, a half a million  people cross our southern border legally--a half a million every day. A  million people a year legally become citizens of the United States. We  are not a country that is anti-immigration. We just want it done the  right way. We think the law should apply to everyone equally all the  time and don't like anyone circumventing the law.   So here is a history lesson.   On September 5, the President makes that announcement. Within days,  we have conversations with the President about it. He agrees we need to  be able to have something that is a long-term solution for border  security and for DACA. Within about 2 weeks, Senator Tillis and I  release the SUCCEED Act and say this has to be part of our border  security. Thankfully, in our conference, at the same time, Senator  Cornyn is also working through border security to be able to partner it  with this. At the same time, Senator Cotton and Senator Perdue are also  working on other areas dealing with chain migration, knowing these  could all be partnered together to be able to put into a final bill.  They were individual titles of a larger proposal. We were bringing  those out.   In October, the President of the United States released a long  report, saying here is what he would like to have in a bill. He put  great detail into it and said that this is what he expects the bill to  be like when it is resolved.  [[Page S336]]  So now it is October. He said that we have to get this resolved. We  release three different bills, and the President releases something. We  want to start negotiations.   In November, we are in negotiations in a bipartisan group, and every  day in the bipartisan group, all that our Democratic colleagues want to  talk about is DACA--every day. Our staffs meet every day. We are  meeting every other day as Members, going through this--sometimes every  day going through it. Every day, it is DACA, and, every day, we bring  up: Hey, there are other aspects of this that we have agreed to. Yet,  every day, they say: Well, let's work on DACA some more.   It finally hits a point in December that I ask: When are we going to  get to talking about border security? We have to talk about that. Well,  guess what happened. The next meeting I was not invited to attend.  Neither was I invited to the next one. Neither was Senator Tillis. Our  staffs find out they are still meeting and contact them and say: Hey,  we are still interested in getting to a bipartisan agreement. They do  not respond to our staffs' emails. They will not even tell us when or  where they are meeting.   We didn't walk away from the negotiations. We were kicked out of the  negotiations because we believed that this deal needed to have border  security in it and DACA. For a group that said, basically, we don't  want to deal with border security, they were no longer interested in  us, which took us to a stalemate of really getting this resolved, which  took us to 2 weeks ago.   On Tuesday, the President invites us over in a bipartisan, bicameral  conversation to say: We have to get a plan here. This is stuck. During  that meeting with the President, with 26 House Members and Senators  together from both parties, we make an agreement that there will be  four areas of this final agreement and that these will be the  negotiators to be able to pull it together--the Republican and  Democratic whips from both the House and the Senate. Those four  individuals will be the individuals to pull it together, and they are  going to get that done. That was on Tuesday.   By Thursday of that week, a smaller subgroup of the group that I had  been kicked out of went back to the President and said: No. We have a  better idea. Let's try to do this instead. I know, on Tuesday, we  agreed to the other process, but we have another idea to kind of end- run that whole process.   Clearly, it upset a lot of us to say that we are trying to do a  bipartisan deal, that we are trying to work this through the process,  that we are trying to be of good faith in this. So far, there have not  been good faith negotiations on border security at all. We cannot deal  with the issue of individuals who are in our country illegally, even if  we as Americans see them as neighbors and friends and future citizens  of our country, and ignore how it happened in the first place. That  would not be responsible of us.   Now, there are some who want to say, ``This is because you are just,  simply, a racist,'' which is infuriating and inaccurate and belittles  the conversation. To stand up and say that the only reason you think  this is because you are a racist is trying to shut down the  conversation, not engage in it. These are my friends and neighbors as  well, but we are legislators, and we have a responsibility to solve  issues, not to belittle each other and not to make false accusations.   There are millions of people who have crossed our border to be able  to work or connect with family. I fully understand that. Many of them  live around my place, go to church with me. I get that completely.  There are also many people who cross our borders because of crime, and  we would be foolish to ignore that reality as well. There are people  who cross that border to be able to traffic drugs, to be able to  traffic in terrorism, to be able to move people--human trafficking,  labor trafficking. We should have a secure border set up for that.   Again, this used to not be a partisan issue. In 2006, Senator Schumer  and, at that time, Senator Obama voted for the Secure Fence Act, which  put in 650 miles of fencing on the southern border. Let me say that  again. Senator Schumer and Senator Obama and a lot of other Democratic  Senators, who are still here, voted for the Secure Fence Act in 2006 to  put in 650 miles of fencing on our southern border. This didn't used to  be a partisan issue, and it shouldn't be today. Border security is not  partisan. It is national security.   The proposals that have come out at times amaze me. Let's actually  get serious about trying to resolve these issues. Basic border security  issues should involve not just some fencing in some areas or walls in  some areas or technology in some other areas or adding additional  manpower in other areas. Those are reasonable things along our border  that every country in the world has organized.   It also involves dealing with some of the gaps in our law if someone  crosses into the United States. These are things that need to be  addressed--for instance, the removal of multiple felony criminal  illegal aliens. Why is this controversial? This shouldn't be a  controversial issue at all, but for some reason, it is. To end the  practice with greater fines and penalties for people who smuggle in  people for profit, why would that be controversial? For some reason, it  is.   We are dealing with additional judges because we have 600,000 people  in a backlog in our immigration courts--600,000 people in our  immigration courts in a backlog. Why would that be controversial to  have to deal with a backlog? We are behind on family members who have  petitioned to be a part of this country but who were--get this--20  years in a backlog. Why would that be controversial to say that we need  to divert some of our attention to catching up on the backlog?   There are a lot of issues that we need to deal with, and this is a  complicated issue. But for other Members, can I just say that we are  very close to negotiating this, that people have actually acted in good  faith in negotiations. But saying ``We will shut down the government  until you do it our way''--and their way was an end run around the  whole stated process that we all agreed on--seems absurd to me, and it  certainly seems absurd to the Federal workers in my State who are now  going through chaos this afternoon because some people wanted to make  an end run around the process that was already in place.   Let's finish the process and not create some artificial cliff and  chaos to try to say ``Do it my way, or I will shut down the  government.'' Let's finish the process. There are willing partners on  both sides, and there are reasonable proposals to finish out what we  have already started and worked on for months to get through this  process.   I thank Senator Tillis for the engagement he has on this because he  and his team have worked exceptionally hard. My team and I, both in my  State and here, have worked exceptionally hard on these issues, and we  want to get them right. Senator Cornyn and his team have worked  exceptionally hard on these issues.   Let's do it, and let's get it right, but let's not shut down the  government while in the middle of negotiations because people want to  have it their way and not actually finish the negotiations we started.   With that, I yield back.   