 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is important for everybody to understand  how things work today and what net neutrality is all about. What net  neutrality is fundamentally about is that everybody gets a fair shake  with respect to using the internet. After you pay your internet access  fee, you get to go where you want, when you want, and how you want.  There are no special deals. There are no priority lanes for those with  deep pockets to get more content and get it faster than everybody else.  That is not the way it works today. Everybody gets a fair shake on an  open and free internet because of net neutrality.   What Mr. Pai, the head of the Federal Communications Commission, and  his allies want is something very different. Under their vision of how  things would work online, there would be toll booths all over the  internet, and those higher costs would, one way or another, come out of  your pocket. That would work a hardship on millions of Americans, on  millions literally but especially on small businesses, seniors, and  students. Everybody would be affected by a new approach that would  establish toll booths all over the internet.   My view is that there is no vote this body is going to take in 2018  that will have a more direct impact on the wallets of Americans than  the one that is going to happen in a few hours. This is the last chance  to protect the free and open internet that comes about with real net  neutrality. The fact is, if we don't do it, the Trump Federal  Communications Commission and Chairman Pai want to turn the lights out  on the system I described today where, after you pay for your internet  access, you go where you want, when you want, how you want. That is  what we have today. Without what we are doing here, Chairman Pai at the  Federal Communications Commission can change that and take money away  from typical Americans to line the pockets of their friends at the big  communications monopolies, Big Cable.   If Republicans in Congress allow this administration to get away with  repealing net neutrality, Americans can certainly expect to be charged  more for Netflix, for music services on Spotify, and for video game  downloads--for example, on PlayStation.   This isn't some academic policy question that is going to show up  years from now. Certainly, there are matters we talk about where that  could be the case. This is where the Trump Federal Communications  Commission could hand big cable companies more power and take more  money out of the pockets of the American people next month.   I am very appreciative of my colleague Ed Markey for the  extraordinary leadership role he has taken. He and I have enjoyed  teaming up since the days when we began in public service. Senator  Markey was then Congressman Markey, and he introduced the first net  neutrality bill in the House. I had the honor of partnering with him  when I introduced the first net neutrality bill in the Senate. Both of  us said, literally, more than a decade ago, that we needed  communications policies that were rooted in the principle of  nondiscrimination--transparency, openness, and freedom for all online.  Here we are, back in this fight once again, to pass the Markey  resolution, which, in effect, will ensure that what my colleague has  sponsored today and sought to do a decade ago, on which I partnered  with him, will actually get done.   Everybody understands that you have to pay a fee to get access to the  net. The question at the heart of this debate that you have to keep  coming back to is this: Once you pay that fee, shouldn't everybody get  a fair shake? Shouldn't we be able to say in America that once you pay  that fee, you ought to be able to go where you want, when you want, and  how you want? As the Trump FCC wants to do, should you be able to say  that the big cable companies should be able to hot-wire the system--to  rig the internet--for the benefit of those who can afford to pay more?   I would say, because I have been listening to my friend talk about  this, that their vision is, really, something along the lines of an  information aristocracy, whereby, if you have deep pockets, you are  going to have access to a technology treasure trove, but the typical  American, with his vision, is kind of on his way to digital serfdom.  That is why it is so important to understand what Chairman Pai and the  FCC are up to, which is special deals for special interests and more  power--significantly more power--for those with deep pockets.   What the people who are opposed to real net neutrality have cooked up  is a scheme called paid prioritization. I say to Senator Markey that I  have called this effort that of erecting tollbooths online. What it  means is that if you are among the fortunate few, you get faster  download speeds and more content. If you are a big, established  company, guess what. You can stifle the competition. You can squash the  competition. Those opportunities aren't going to be available to an  entrepreneur who is just starting out in his garage somewhere. For a  family that is barely staying afloat, what it sounds like they are  interested in is giving them second-rate internet service. I think  Senator Markey and I remember that it was not that long ago when big  chunks of America had dial-up, and people seemed to wait forever to get  online.   Mr. Pai is going to tell you with a straight face that these big  cable companies have the best of intentions and that they are sort of  going to go along with all of this voluntarily because it is just the  right thing to do. Yet my question is this: If the cable companies are  just going to go along with net neutrality, why is Mr. Pai working so  hard to get rid of it? It doesn't really stand up. I always say at  home, because people ask what it means for us--and they have gotten to  meet the charming William Peter Wyden, aged 10--that there is about as  much chance that the cable companies will voluntarily go along with net  neutrality as the likelihood that William Peter Wyden and his sister  will voluntarily limit the number of their desserts. It is just not  going to happen. In particular, if Mr. Pai says he believes in real net  neutrality, the Markey resolution will give him a chance to actually  show that. But we all know that he doesn't see it that way.  [[Page S2696]]    I just opened all townhall meetings in Oregon, most of them in rural  communities, and I know the distinguished Presiding Officer of the  Senate represents a lot of rural terrain. I am telling you that people  in those rural areas understand what is at stake for rural America  here. For rural America, without the Markey resolution, it will mean  the net will move along at snail's pace. It will mean that rural  businesses could have a harder time in getting off the ground and  reaching customers. I talked to ranchers, for example, about just this  issue. It will mean rural healthcare could miss out on technological  marvels that could have the potential to save lives.   This is particularly important because Senator Markey and I have  teamed up on a lot of the efforts to improve American healthcare. We  have led the fight to show that we are updating the Medicare guarantee  so that it will not be just an acute care program but will focus on  chronic illnesses. Senator Markey and I have led the effort for more  care at home and for greater access to telemedicine. All of those  technological marvels really depend on rapid access to the net. If you  are in rural America and you have had a stroke, rapid access to the net  may be something that will saves lives and that will ensure those rural  providers will be able to get connections to parts of the country that  will have, for example, a neurologist available who will be able to  help.   The Markey resolution and its passage should not be an issue seen  along partisan lines. I don't see it as a political question. The  bottom line of the debate is that if the resolution goes down, the  stuff Americans do on the internet today is going to cost them a whole  lot more tomorrow. It is not going to take place years from now and be  some kind of an abstract question. It is going to be on Americans.  Those extra costs will come out of their pockets, and it will cost them  a lot more in a hurry.   I close by thanking my colleague from Massachusetts for all of his  leadership. It has been my privilege to team up with him. I guess it  becomes almost bicameral since the two of us started this in the House  and the Senate.   I urge my colleagues to support the Markey resolution and do the  right thing. Support the consumer and small businesses. Let's not hand  more power and profit to the big cable companies at the expense of  Americans, from sea to shining sea, who cannot afford more money to  come out of their wallets and go to the big cable companies.   I see my friend on the floor.    I am happy to yield.    Mr. President, my colleague from Massachusetts is probably  being too logical for a lot of this discussion, whereby the special  interests continue to shroud their real agenda, which is what my friend  from Massachusetts has described. Clearly, with this effort the big  cable companies, with their hopes riding on Mr. Pai, would like to go  back to yesteryear, when they could gouge the consumer, when they could  stick it to the person of modest means.   I think my colleague has summed it up very well. If Mr. Pai and his  allies were really going to present us with a real net neutrality plan,  I know we would be interested in hearing about it, but they have never  been interested in that. What they have been interested in is taking a  whole lot of legalisms and murky language to try and fool the American  consumer. The bottom line is Mr. Pai and his allies would like to set  up these tollbooths across the country and start with a policy that,  one way or another, is going to cost the typical consumer more.   I look forward to my colleague's remarks.    Mr. President, my colleague has said it very well. It is  what I saw last week in these nine townhall meetings, and almost all of  them were in rural Oregon.   People joked and asked: Ron, why are you here? We have more cows than  people.   I said: My hometown is Portland. I love Portland.   My only frustration, as my friend knows, is I didn't get to play for  the Trail Blazers.   I am not a Senator from the State of Portland. I am a Senator who  represents every nook and cranny of Oregon, however small. What I would  say to my friend and, I hope, to my colleagues--because the Senate  represents a lot of rural terrain--is what I heard in places like Burns  and Prairie City last week. If they have to pay more for less content,  which, I think, could easily happen under these trickle-down  telecommunications policies of Mr. Pai's, then it is not just going to  be Portland, OR, and Springfield, MA. It is going to be rural America-- literally, from sea to shining sea--that is going to wake up very soon  and find its bills going into the stratosphere.    It has been a privilege to work with my colleague. This  has been bipartisan--especially making sure the kinds of policies that  can come about with real net neutrality and making sure rural  communities get a fair shake complement other work we are doing that  represents the future. My colleague and I have talked about the fact  that in our efforts to update the Medicare guarantee, for years and  years both political parties have missed what Medicare has become.   Back when I was director of the Gray Panthers--the senior citizens-- Medicare had two parts, Part A for hospitals and Part B for doctors. If  you broke your ankle and went to the hospital, that was Part A of  Medicare. That is not Medicare any longer. Today, Medicare is cancer,  diabetes, heart disease, strokes, and chronic pulmonary disease--all of  these chronic conditions. What my colleague has done--and I am so  appreciative of the fact that we can work together on this. We said:  Let's  [[Page S2697]]  update the Medicare guarantee. Medicare is not a voucher, a slip paper  you give to people. It is a guarantee of basic services. So Senator  Markey and I and others of both political parties have come along and  said: Let's give people more care at home. Let's expand the role of  telemedicine so that if you are in Burns or Prairie City, OR, or other  small towns in America, you can have access to these technological  marvels when you don't have a neurologist or a specialist.   Make no mistake about it, what Mr. Pai is looking at is a  prescription for trouble for rural healthcare because they, like so  many of the people they serve, are going to face the prospect of those  toll booths, and they are going to pay more, in many cases, for less.   So I look forward to working with my colleague and listening to his  remarks.   