 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand before  you today to discuss two bills that expand choice and offer lower cost.  And lower cost and choice are what are needed in healthcare.   Back home in South Carolina, the average premium before ObamaCare, in  2013, in the individual market, was $233. In 2017--which the premiums  were set before the President took office--before the ``assault'' on  ObamaCare that my colleague was speaking of, the premium reached $512.  That is a $279-per-month increase in 4 years, a 120 percent increase  from 2013 to 2017.   Before ObamaCare, 85 percent of the people in the country were  covered by health insurance. At the peak, under the Affordable Care  Act, 91 percent were covered. So we covered 6 percent more people, and  that is a good thing. But what was the cost of that? To cover 6 percent  more of our population, the other 85 percent, who were already covered,  either by Medicare, Medicaid, or private insurance, had to pay another  120 percent on their premiums in South Carolina, 105 percent  nationwide. And the premiums are going to go up double digits again  this year.   We need lower cost, and we need choice. In South Carolina, all of the  insurance companies have pulled out of the exchanges except for one. In  fact, 40 percent of the counties in the country have only one choice  for health insurance. That is no choice at all. It is either health  insurance or nothing. You select from that one company, or you get  nothing. We need lower cost, and we need choice.   These bills today, by allowing more liberal contributions to health  savings accounts, by allowing easier access to health savings accounts,  by allowing health savings accounts to be used for more purposes--like  private family care or for nonprescription drugs, over-the-counter  drugs--they are serving the exact causes, the exact purposes, that I  hear the most complaints about back home.   My folks back home are saying: How can I afford these insurance  policies? With the high deductibles that are being forced on us by  these insurance companies, even if I have the insurance policy, I  cannot afford to use it.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand before you today to recommend these  bills.   