 Mr. President, later this week Senators Blunt,  Cassidy, Collins, Roberts, and Young will join me in introducing the  School Safety and Mental Health Services Improvement Act.   Three weeks ago, 14 high school students, a teacher, a coach, and an  athletic director were killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School  in Parkland, FL. As the authorities tried to get to the bottom of  exactly what happened in the shooting, many of us in local, state, and  federal government have been looking at what can be done to help keep  students safe at school. We can't stand still and do nothing while our  children are being killed.   I am the chairman of the Senate Health and Education Committee and  sponsor, with Senator Murray, of the Every Student Succeeds Act of  2015, which reauthorized the law overseeing kindergarten, elementary,  and secondary education. I also sponsored with Senator Murray the 21st  Century Cures Act of 2016, which made the first major mental health  reforms in a decade, focusing the federal government's efforts on early  intervention.   The bill I am introducing this week with several of my colleagues  will help States use every federal dollar available to them to keep  their schools safer from violence and have the mental health services  they need. This is complementary to a bill Senator Hatch introduced  this week that addresses programs in the Judiciary Committee to improve  school safety and stop school violence.   There are 100,000 public schools in the United States, and most of  the responsibility for making them safer for children lies with the  State and local governments and families and communities that provide  90 percent of school funding. But the Federal Government can and should  help create an environment where communities, school boards, and States  can create safer schools.   Under this bill, the Federal Government can help in the following  four ways:   No. 1, allow schools to use title II funding under the Elementary and  Secondary Education Act to hire more counselors.   About a fifth of all children age 9 to 17 have ``a diagnosable mental  or addictive disorder that causes at least minimal impairment.'' In the  2014-to-2015 school year, there was a counselor-to-student ratio of 482  to 1, while the American School Counselor Association recommends a  counselor-to-student ratio of 250 to 1. This bill would help schools  make up that difference.   No. 2, make it clear that schools can use federal funding they are  already receiving through titles II and IV under the Every Student  Succeeds Act to improve the professional development of school  counselors and to improve the school safety infrastructure, including  installing new alarm systems, improving entrances and exits of schools,  installing security cameras, and other infrastructure upgrades.   No. 3, our bill renews and updates a law to expand a successful  program that helped to train education personnel and ensure children  have the services they need after a violent incident. This program was  piloted after the shooting in Newtown, CT, and has shown to be  effective.   No. 4, create an interagency task force led by the Secretary of  Education, with the Departments of Health and Human Services, Justice,  Homeland Security, Interior, and Defense, to make recommendations--not  mandates; recommendations--on best practices, policies, and procedures  to improve school safety and school safety infrastructure.   This bill would encourage and reinforce for Tennessee and for all  other States that Federal dollars may be used to hire more counselors,  psychologists, and other mental health professionals at schools; to  build safety infrastructure--such as securing doors, automatic locks,  and smart entrances--to prevent intruders; and to develop mental health  programs to identify children who might be dangerous to other children.   While most of the responsibility for improving the safety of our  schools and the environment or climate of our schools rests with local  and State officials, the federal government has a role to play.   In conclusion, in addition to the policies in this bill that I  described, I support President Trump's directive to the Department of  Justice to craft regulations to ban so-called ``bump stocks,'' which  have the effect of making a semiautomatic firearm function more like an  automatic firearm.   I, along with 49 other Senators, have cosponsored bipartisan  legislation to have more effective background checks. This legislation,  sponsored by Senator Murphy and Senator Cornyn, would ensure that  Federal agencies and States get information about individuals who  should be prohibited from buying a gun through the National Instant  Background Check System.   I hope my colleagues will cosponsor and support our legislation to  help  [[Page S1363]]  States use every Federal resource available to them to keep their  schools safer from violence and have the mental health services they  need.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   