 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to  me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise because I believe we ought to help the DREAMers.  My Republican colleagues have said they want to help the DREAMers as  well, yet they have done nothing.   I am deeply frustrated, angry, and disappointed that in the greatest  deliberative body in the world, we are constantly prevented from  deliberating.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  defeat the previous question so we can bring up the Dream Act so we can  help nearly a million people in this country, mostly young people who  came here when they were very, very young, who know no other country  but this country as their own.   We ought to find a way to protect them, to give them peace of mind.  That shouldn't be a radical idea. Yet we can't seem to ever bring to  the floor a remedy, a solution to help these people.   Speaker Ryan, when he took the gavel in 2015, promised a return to  regular order. He said: ``We need to let every Member contribute.'' He  also said: ``We ought to open up the process and let people  participate.''   Well, there is a bipartisan group here who believe we ought to  protect the DREAMers, who have a solution: the Dream Act. Let us bring  it to the floor, have a debate, and vote on it. If my Republican  colleagues don't want to vote for it, they can vote ``no.'' But we  ought to have a debate on this.   This is a big-enough deal. This is an important enough issue where we  ought to have this debate. It really is frustrating that at this late  hour we can't even get a commitment from the Speaker of the House to  bring this issue to the floor.   This spending bill that we are talking about, this budget deal, would  pass overwhelmingly. All Democrats, I am sure, would support it if the  Speaker would just make one promise, and that is that we can bring a  bill to the floor, a bill that we think is appropriate, to help the  DREAMers. That is it.   If my Republican friends don't want to support it, they can vote  ``no.'' But to not let an issue like this be debated on the floor, to  not think it is important enough to bring before the full House, is  unconscionable.   I don't know whether my friends on the other side of the aisle have  met DREAMers or not, but they have been here. They have been knocking  on your door. These are incredible people. They contribute to this  country in so many ways. They have led efforts to help protect people  who have been victims of hurricanes all throughout this country. They  have saved lives. They serve in our military.   All we want is a vote. That is it. And I just, for the life of me,  can't quite understand why this is such a heavy lift.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the  previous question so we can have this debate. I am tired of all the  excuses. I am tired of all the reasons that we are being given why we  can't debate this issue. This is important. These are real people.  These are members of our community. They are our neighbors. The time  has come for us to act.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question. Let's have this debate. Let's protect the DREAMers. Let's do  the right thing. But enough of the excuses. Enough of the excuses. It  is time to vote.   