 Madam President, yesterday was a difficult day for me.   Before I get to that day, let me recognize the Senator from Oklahoma  for a motion.    Yesterday was a difficult day for me. I am 74 years old.  I was born in 1944. Like many Americans, my youth was during the  Vietnam era. The prime of my youth was the Vietnam era.   In fact, my senior year in college, I got a graduation diploma and a  draft notice on the same day. They were put in the same book. Everybody  was going. Everybody was being called up for the draft. There was a  lottery, but so many people were eligible that almost everybody in my  age group would have been drafted if they didn't join the service.   I joined. I joined the National Guard, which I am very proud of, and  I am still a guardsman to this day. It also gave me the chance to serve  my country in a way that would not put me at as much risk to go to  Vietnam as it would if I were drafted. I consciously did that because I  wanted to do everything I could to stay here and get married a few  months later to my wife Dianne. I was of the age to be drafted, and I  made the decision to find a way to serve that would not put me in a  position of being drafted, where I lost control. I was able to do it,  and a lot of people were, but a lot of people weren't. I know that. The  ones who could know it, and the ones who couldn't know it. The  Presiding Officer knows what I am talking about, being a guardswoman  herself.   I lost my best friend in Vietnam, Jackson Elliott Cox III, Waynesboro  GA, Liberty County--Bird Dog Capital of the World.   Jack and I graduated from college together. Jack went off for a  weekend and came back and told us all he had joined the Marine Corps,  was going to OCS, and was going to go to Vietnam and fight the bad  guys. We all said: Jack, don't volunteer to do that. You could get  killed.   He said: No, I want to do it. It is a great country. I have had a  great life, going to the University of Georgia, have a wonderful mom  and dad, good friends like you all. I want to go to OCS and be an  officer in the Marine Corps--and he did.   A few years later, he was shot by a sniper in the 11th month of a 13- month stint in Vietnam. Alex Crumbley, the superior court judge in  Georgia years later; Pierre Howard, the Democratic Lieutenant Governor  of Georgia; and myself--we were the three best friends, the ``Four  Amigos,'' if you will. We went to 589 Liberty Street in Waynesboro and  spent 3 nights and 4 days with Emily and Jack, Jack's dad and mom.   When the Marine Corps brought the body back, it was lying in state in  their dining room, and we had a wake and a service for him. We stood  guard. We cried. We talked about the good times. We talked about the  bad times. We felt sorry for ourselves because the life that had meant  so much to all of us was gone.   Jack felt a calling for the country, and he did a great service for  the country. I am proud of him, and I am proud to have been his friend.   I tried to do what I could but never in the category of a John McCain  or a Jack Cox. There were a lot people my age who didn't do as much as  they probably could have or might have done, and probably from time to  time have second thoughts about it, too, because the Vietnam war was so  tough.   I had friends coming back who had to dress in blue jeans and khakis  when they got off the troop train from wherever they were in Atlanta  because people would get accosted on the street if they were in their  uniform during that era. Today, we go to the airport, and if we have  troops coming through who are going to fly back for duty somewhere,  they will get standing ovations, and people will give up their seats to  let them sit there. It wasn't like that in the 1960s and 1970s. It  wasn't like that at all.    In fact, people were risking their lives--58,000 did give their lives  for all of us--and in many cases, we were making fun of them as a  nation. It was terrible. It messed up our politics, messed up our  country, messed up our people, and messed up everybody else. But  America is a great country. What I am telling you is tragic to me, and  I apologize to everybody that I didn't do everything I should have  done, but I think all of us owe each other a commitment to say that we  are never going to let America get that way again.   Americans should always be as we were on 9/11 or 9/12 of 2001, when  we all put American flags on our cars, we all sang the national anthem,  and we said the Pledge of Allegiance after we were attacked. For a few  months, we were the most patriotic Nation in the world. We ought to be  that way every single day because every single day, just like those  firemen and emergency medical people of 9/11, there are those who were  in the Vietnam war, who signed up, who fought, risked their lives, and  in some cases died, like John McCain and like my brother-in-law Rocky  Davison, my wife's brother, who flew Navy A-4 reconnaissance planes in  Vietnam--one of the most decorated pilots in the Navy during that era.  People like him  [[Page S5946]]  were great. My father-in-law flew reconnaissance in World War II in the  Pacific. He did everything he could to help the country during  difficult times. There were so many people who did that for our  country, and we owe all of them a debt of gratitude and a debt of  thanks.   We need to remember that we are all Americans. To those who saved us  as a country, kept our freedom when we were about to lose it, fought  for us, risked their lives, and died for us, we owe it to them, at  times like this, to elevate them to the appropriate place in history.  That is what I am trying to do with John McCain today.   I want to elevate John. John was better than I am, and I know it.  John was the best of my generation. John McCain was and is a great  human being.   I don't know what is going to be said in the next few days about John  McCain by whomever is going to say it or what is going to be done, but  anybody who in any way tarnishes the reputation of John McCain deserves  a whipping because most of those who would do the wrong thing about  John McCain didn't have the guts to do the right thing when it was  their turn. We need to remember that.   So I would say to the President or anybody in the world, it is time  to pause and say that this was a great man who gave everything for us.  We owe him nothing less than the respect that he earned, and that is  what I intend to give John in return for what he gave me.   John took me to Kosovo 20 years ago when President Clinton said that  we were going to send some people over there to verify the crime sites,  the ethnic cleansing. I went to Pristina with John. I went to  Montenegro. I went to the World Security Conference in Munich a few  years after that and got to sit with Vladimir Putin. I saw John McCain  talk to Vladimir Putin as if they were next-door neighbors but also as  if they were Dutch uncles. I was so proud to be from a country that had  a guy like John McCain, who could break the ice with the toughest of  our adversaries, speak up with pride for America, and calm them down  when they needed to be calmed down.   Yet John and I had some problems too. Mitch McConnell did me the  worst favor of my lifetime when he made me the chairman of the Ethics  Committee. That is a hard job, and nobody likes the person who chairs  that committee because they are scared of them. But I got the Ethics  Committee job at a time when John McCain was still on the special  committee for the Ethics Committee to decide what to do on using  airplanes during campaign events as candidates or for our PACs. John  had access to a plane, which gave him an exemption from the rules that  we passed. It made it tough as heck because he didn't have to worry  about the cause and effects. But John took a second to understand the  problems that a normal legislator, who might not have had access to a  private plane, might have had. In the end, he took his circumstances  and his ability to have a private plane and applied them to the changes  that were made to be sure that everybody was being treated fairly. John  didn't just expect things to be good for John; he expected things to be  good for everybody. He always did that, and I always learned a lot from  him.   The other thing I learned was how to cuss. Let me tell you, John  McCain could do a lot of things, but cussing was one of the best things  he ever did. He was a consummate cusser, and he knew how to do it to  have emphasis added. That is what the papers always say when they put  the pound marks and things like that after some statements Jim Inhofe  makes or I make.   John and I were working on legislation. I am chairman of the  Veterans' Affairs Committee. He was chairman of the Armed Services  Committee. We had a huge veterans bill that we had to come together and  have a meeting of the minds on in terms of healthcare. John was late  for the meeting. He came into the meeting. He pulled the door behind  him and slammed it. For 10 minutes he laid the best cussing on me and  everybody else in the room that I had ever heard.   He said: I haven't got time to put up with this anymore. Y'all just  listen to what I have to say and tell me what you are going to do.   That is a tough way to convene business, but John sometimes knew how  to get us all to think, to get us all to talk. He would intimidate you  enough so you would have to fight him for what you believe in, and you  would get a better piece of legislation than if he just let it pass or  if he had intimidated you to death. John knew exactly what he had the  capability of doing, and he knew exactly when to apply the  intimidation--and the thanks and the grace. He did it at the right time  every single time. Did we agree all the time? No, but I know I am a  better person, our country is a better country, and the world is a  better place because of John McCain.   In the next 3 or 4 days, as we go through and run into kids we know  or relatives or my own children, whom I will be with this coming Sunday  in the mountains, we are going to have a little meeting about John  McCain just to make sure they know what I know and so I know that they  know about a great American hero because I want them, when they have  kids in their 40s--my kids are in their 40s today--to remember on  Veterans Day, on Memorial Day, and on all other days, the John McCains  of the world and those who will come after John, who will put their  life and future and fortune on the line for the greatest country in the  world, the United States of America.   I yield the floor.   