 Madam President, I want to begin by thanking my friend from  Pennsylvania, Senator Casey, for his commitment to the students who  will benefit from the reauthorization of the Carl D. Perkins Career and  Technical Education Act and for the bipartisanship that helped us to  reach this point. I also want to thank Chairman Alexander and Ranking  Member Murray for prioritizing the effort to reauthorize Perkins CTE.  Their recognition of the importance of this work was key to getting  past an impasse that only a few months ago looked unlikely to break.   Senator Casey and I have had a lot of hours of working together to  come up with a bill that would make a difference for people who want to  work with their hands. I have a favorite book that talks about this,  and part of the title is ``From Coal Miners to Cowboys,'' referring to  the people who get their hands dirty every day to provide what we  need. This is a segment of the economy we really need. I know that if  you need an electrician or a plumber, you want them right away, and you  want them trained. That is what this bill emphasizes and provides for.    I do need to thank the administration, and Ivanka Trump Kushner, in  particular, for putting the spotlight on the reauthorization of Perkins  CTE and workforce development generally. With a laser-like focus on  strengthening the economy, the President and his administration have  rightly recognized that a strong and prosperous economy requires a  skilled and ready workforce. This combined, bipartisan effort resulted  in the Senate unanimously passing its amendment to the House's own  bipartisan bill. We did it by voice vote, and that is as bipartisan as  it gets around here.   Now the House has taken that bill and approved of the changes that  were made, which we coordinated with them during the time that we were  negotiating, and they have taken the same action. So that bill is now  on the way to the President, who emphasized that we need to do it.   Passing this reauthorization is particularly important to Wyoming,  where one-sixth of school districts have chosen not to participate in  Perkins CTE because the compliance and reporting burdens were too heavy  to justify the funds they would receive. That changes with this bill.   For years, States have been leading the effort to tackle the national  workforce skills gap and ensure that they, and our country at large,  have a workforce that is capable of meeting the challenges of an  increasingly dynamic, competitive, and global economy. Unfortunately,  States have been meeting these challenges under a program that was last  authorized in 2006.   By modernizing Perkins CTE, we are taking the important step of  better aligning the primary Federal career and technical education  program with the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act and the Every  Student Succeeds Act. We like these all to work together--and these are  all achievements that have been done in recent years--because, far from  working independently, these programs are all pieces of the larger  workforce development puzzle.   Because it can be hard to know what programs to provide when you  don't know which ones are needed, this legislation also promotes  collaboration between the stakeholders so that local businesses are  brought to the table to communicate their needs to States and local  educators as strategies and programs are developed. We want people  hired after they get training. So the training needs to be for the jobs  that are going to be available.   Crucially, by enabling the limited funds provided by this program to  be more effectively spent on education and less on complying with  Federal reporting requirements, this legislation will better reflect  that the investment made by the Federal Government in career and  technical education represents pennies on the dollar when compared to  the investment of money and effort made at the State and local levels.  This bill takes the important step of providing States with greater  authority to determine the levels at which they will be held  accountable under this program.   However, as States continue to compete for investment, accountability  will ultimately come in the form of employers who will vote with their  feet and their capital, hiring people. Ask any businessperson what  their biggest challenge is, and they will likely tell you it is finding  workers with the right skills and knowledge to fill their open jobs.  States and communities that recognize this need and rise to the  challenge of preparing their residents for  [[Page S5396]]  those jobs are the ones that will succeed in this economy.   These improvements, along with many others included in this bill,  underscore why passage of this legislation has long been a priority for  so many people, and it is only appropriate that one of the clearest  displays of bipartisanship in the 115th Congress would be in support of  our workforce and the students preparing to join it.   I once again thank my friend Senator Casey for his support in this  effort, and I will also express my disappointment in how little  publicity there has been. If there is a controversy, if people are  cursing each other or making unusual comments, that makes the paper.  But to actually do something--to actually get something done and to get  it done in a bipartisan way with people working together virtually  unanimously--well, that must have been too easy. If it were easy, we  wouldn't have been working on it for three years, but we got it done.  It is on its way to the President, and I am proud of it. Again, I thank  Senator Casey for his superb effort in reaching agreement on this.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   