 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would direct the Army Corps  to consider the historic and national significance of dredging projects  as the Corps makes its funding decisions.   In my area, this amendment will provide much-needed support for the  completion of the Plymouth Harbor dredging project in time for the  celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the Mayflower landing in  Plymouth and Provincetown, Massachusetts.   The year 2020 will be a momentous year for our country, as we  commemorate the 400th anniversary of the settlement at Plymouth by the  Pilgrims, the vital contributions of the Aquinnah and Mashpee Wampanoag  Tribes, and the significant events that followed, including the signing  of the Mayflower Compact, the 50-year Pilgrim-Wampanoag peace treaty,  and, of course, the first Thanksgiving.   For my entire time in Congress, I have worked closely with my  constituents to prepare for this commemoration of Plymouth 400. The  Plymouth Harbor dredging project has always been at the heart of these  preparations.   The dredging project is required ahead of the return to Plymouth of  the fully restored Mayflower II, a full-scale replica of the original  ship that brought the Pilgrims to Cape Cod in 1620. The Mayflower II  cannot return to her home in Plymouth Harbor unless much-needed  dredging work is completed.   We also anticipate a maritime salute to mark the return of the  Mayflower II as part of the commemoration, and the flotilla will need  safe passage in the harbor.   Furthermore, an uptick in marine traffic is also expected as  Americans and visitors from around the world travel to Plymouth to  participate in the 2020 celebration. It is therefore critical for  navigational safety concerns that this dredging occur.   This amendment will help ensure that one of the final pieces of the  2020 commemoration is completed and in place. We anticipate an  exceedingly memorable year for the people of our community, for  visitors across the country, and for a significant number of  international visitors as well.   Mr. Chair, I look forward to the completion of this project ahead of  the commemoration, which also, it is important to note, will bring in  significant added revenue and jobs.   I thank the chairman, and I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and staff for their  cooperation. And I also invite them to come to Plymouth in 2020 and  enjoy what will be an amazing international celebration and a  celebration of the beginning of our country as well.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment seeks to provide adequate  resources for the marine and hydrokinetic energy resource supported by  the Department of Energy's Water Power Technologies Office.   Renewable power offers exciting and important security opportunities  for our energy future here in the United States. My amendment would  allocate resources to support these efforts, including for the  development of pilot project plans, development of prototype turbines  and associated undersea cables, as well as environmental impact  assessments.   In my district, there is an important research already underway in  marine and hydrokinetic energy technologies to tap the power of ocean  waves, tides, and currents to generate electricity.   For example, the Marine Energy Renewable Collaborative of New England  created the first permanent tidal power testing station in the entire  United States. This state-of-the-art testing station is collecting new  and valuable data every day on tidal power. Companies like MERCO in  Marion, Massachusetts, and Littoral Power in Fairhaven, Massachusetts,  are also pursuing this cutting-edge science in this emerging field of  energy projection.   Southeastern Massachusetts is a leader in the maritime economy. The  research and technologies being developed currently will enhance our  energy security for the future. We must make these investments today to  ensure our security, health, and economic competitiveness going  forward.   The power supplied by these marine and hydrokinetic technologies is  clean, predictable, and domestic. These technologies are  environmentally friendly and don't rely on the importation of energy  from foreign sources. They give us even more flexibility to keep our  energy prices low for families and businesses. Cheaper energy means  keeping business operating costs low so they can invest in more  employees and on products and research.   Supporting research in these technologies also means investigating  the potential positive and negative effects that they might hold. We  need to know more about water quality, our cultural and historic sites,  our electromagnetic devices, and our shellfish, fish stocks, marine  habitats, and large mammals.   This is a very important program for my region and for the country. I  thank my colleagues.   I will say, this is so technologically advanced, this is a real  tongue twister as I have gone through this whole thing, but don't let  that dissuade anyone going forward. This is the future. This is where  economic growth is already occurring in our region. We should do  everything in our power to help the development of this power.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman Simpson for  that opportunity to work together. I think we can work together going  forward in the short term. Perhaps as this goes to conference, we can  look at working together in the long-term and really investigating the  importance of this new energy that can be developed here in the United  States so cleanly.   I yield back the balance of my time.   Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my amendment.    Mr. Chairman, there are people in our country who are  looking for jobs. We also have in our country jobs that are looking for  people. So this matches that up.   Research and development is important, but without people to be  trained to go forward it will come to no avail in our country. It is  important for our region; it is important for our country.    Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Simpson for yielding me  additional time. This gives me a brief time to tell how it is important  in my region as well as how real it is in our region.   In my district, a major offshore wind project just got the green  light to build an 800-megawatt wind farm 15 miles south of Martha's  Vineyard. It is going to bring with it hundreds and hundreds of new,  high-quality job opportunities in southeastern Massachusetts.   This requires skilled labor, and the amendment would try to connect  those workers with these skills and the training they need to take  advantage of these opportunities to these new jobs.   This is something that has to be done ahead of time in our country.  One of the biggest weaknesses we do have, I think, economically, is  that we have to prepare for the jobs that are here that we don't have  people for and the jobs that will grow that we don't have enough people  for. It is an opportunity to do this.   I thank the chairman again for yielding the time, and I thank the  leadership of the gentlewoman from Massachusetts, Ms. Tsongas.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment allocates resources for  additional research into innovative technologies and processes for safe  and secure storage, treatment, transportation, and disposal of spent  nuclear fuel from civilian nuclear reactors.   Five nuclear power plants have retired since 2013. Six more across  the country, including the Pilgrim Nuclear Power Plant in my district,  are slated to retire just in the next few years.   This is also timely, because just last month, this House passed, by a  margin of 340-72, a bill to improve nuclear waste storage.   Reactors can shut down, but that doesn't mean there is a safe, secure  plan for spent fuel stored onsite.  [[Page H4937]]    Pilgrim has been operating for over 45 years in Massachusetts, and  its spent fuel has been stored there ever since.   The Pilgrim Plant is slated to retire in 2019, almost exactly 1 year  from today. The spent fuel there needs to be addressed. My community in  Plymouth and those around the country are asking legitimate questions  on how the safety and security of these materials can be increased.   We have an opportunity to dig deeper into these questions and find  better answers for my constituents and for people around the country  who have a nuclear power plant nearby.   New advanced research should examine how the safety and security of  spent fuel pools can be improved.   Additionally, the safe transfer of materials to dry casks deserves to  be reexamined, as does the design and long-term integrity of dry casks.  Furthermore, research into the transportation and ultimate disposal of  spent fuel is crucial in identifying the best and safest long-term  solutions. They too need to be examined and improved.   My amendment supports further research into these areas so that when  nuclear energy is part of our communities, we are able to ensure, as  best we can, that spent nuclear fuel is secure and not posing  unnecessary threats.   Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their consideration of this  amendment and urge their support.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment seeks to ensure adequate  resources for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the NRC, to provide  for safe and effective decommissioning of nuclear power plants.   In 2016, Entergy Corporation, the owner and operator of the Pilgrim  Nuclear Power Plant in Plymouth, Massachusetts, announced that the  plant would be decommissioned by 2019 after facing severe losses in  revenue and plagued by safety concerns.   Since coming to Congress, I have been concerned by the safety of  Pilgrim's day-to-day operations as well as the security of its spent  fuel storage. Following Entergy's announcement, I have worked with  State and local representatives to prioritize the safety of the  decommissioning process, security of the plant's spent fuel, and the  displacement of over 600 workers who are employed at the site.   The NRC has previously issued reports revealing that Pilgrim Nuclear  Power Station comes up short on critical systems maintenance, and it is  currently the worst performing reactor in the entire country.   While this infraction ultimately falls on the responsibility of  Entergy, it is equally important that the NRC has the necessary  resources to address concerns as they arise, including through  cooperation with local communities.   As we have often cited, decommissioning of nuclear power plants has  an enormous economic and financial impact on host communities. We have  urged that decommissioning funds be used for the safe removal of spent  fuel to dry cask storage, to restoration, to remediation of the site  and maintaining emergency preparedness and security resources  throughout the entire process.   Finally, it is my hope that the NRC prioritizes worker protections as  it oversees decommissioning both in my district and around the entire  country. As the number of decommissioned plants increases, the  potential exodus of highly skilled experienced workers presents a  serious threat to our safety. The people in my community rely on the  workers in Plymouth to keep them safe, and we hope the NRC will  facilitate workforce continuity throughout the entire decommissioning  process.   Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their consideration of this  amendment and urge their support. Again, I would like to thank the  chairman from Idaho.   We started the day working on issues from the Pilgrims to the  Mayflower, too, to things the Pilgrims never envisioned, like  decommissioned nuclear power plants. So rest assured that when we  celebrate the 2020 400th anniversary in the town of Plymouth, America's  hometown, that he will be very welcomed, and I will give him a personal  tour of the awe-inspiring view of Plymouth Rock.   Thank you again for your help, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   