 Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member and Chairman  Shuster for their work on this bill, on this block of amendments, in  which I have an amendment that I drafted that would allow airports to  apply for grants from the small airport fund to construct air traffic  control towers for participation in the Federal Contract Tower Program.   This provision will ensure that our airspace remains the gold  standard for safety by helping small airports currently operating  without towers to invest in lifesaving safety infrastructure.   It is my understanding that because this will be a new eligibility,  the FAA will need to classify the construction of an air traffic  control tower under the Airports Capital Improvement Plan to ensure  that it is scored properly for purposes of determining grant awards  through the national priority ranking system.   Mr. Chair, I ask the chairman if he will agree with me that: first,  the FAA has never classified control towers under ACIP before; second,  that the FAA should plan to ensure that these high-priority projects  are classified properly for consideration in grant decisions; and  third, that they should be classified in a manner that provides them  with an appropriate, level playing field with other projects to ensure  competitiveness, and I ask the chairman if he agrees on these three  provisions.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, while we have had some good news that airlines have  improved their performance on various metrics in the past year,  passengers continue to suffer frustrations.   According to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, in 2017,  285,000 flights were delayed due to circumstances within the airlines'  control. And last year, even though bumpings were down, over 23,000  were involuntarily denied boarding.   When passengers are significantly delayed as a result of an event  within the  [[Page H3673]]  airlines' control, it only makes sense that airlines be required to  accommodate them better. But in a competitive climate where passengers'  expectation of service quality has declined significantly, the airlines  won't make these passenger-friendly changes, and that is why we need  this commonsense amendment.   My amendment will require airlines to place a passenger who is  delayed more than 3 hours onto another carrier, if that would be the  quickest way to get the passenger to their destination. This would  apply only to delays caused by an event within an air carrier's  control, as defined by the Secretary of Transportation.   In order to make this easier for the airlines, it will require all  carriers to accept such rebookings for a reasonable fee. At one time,  this was a common practice. Some airlines still have these agreements-- called interline agreements--with other airlines. And some have, in the  past year, created new interline agreements. But many airlines still  fall short and some require passengers to ask for this treatment in  order to receive it.   This amendment also requires airlines to ensure that passengers have  access to essential needs, such as medical care and restrooms, no  matter when or where a delay occurs. It requires meal vouchers to be  given in the event of delays longer than 4 hours, and it requires hotel  accommodations during lengthy overnight delays that occur between 10  p.m. and 3 a.m.   These measures would go a long way to improving airline passenger  protections. In order to make sure that this is done in the best  possible manner, the Secretary of Transportation will engage in a  rulemaking process, giving the airlines and the flying public an  opportunity to have input.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member Larsen for his  comments. I thank Chairman Shuster for his work on this bill. There are  many good provisions in this bill, one that has to do with disclosure.   But it still does not give the flying public enough protection. That  is why we need this amendment.   This amendment has been endorsed by the Consumers Union, Travelers  United, the Consumer Federation of America, and Flyers Rights.   We expect when we buy a ticket on an airline that we will get that as  quickly as possible. Glitches occur, but if it is something that is in  the control of the airline, I think we should expect to be put on  another airline to get to our destination as quickly as possible.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   