 Mr. Speaker, once again, I rise to stand in  the well of the House of Representatives. As a proud American, it is  always an honor to stand in the well of the House of Representatives.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak truth to power as well as speak  truth about power. The power that I desire to speak truth to is the  Speaker of the House, and I want to say something about the Speaker of  the House.   Today, I acknowledge the Speaker's righteousness when he made a  decision--I am not sure that it is one that he contemplated with any  degree of time--but at some point, there was a decision made to allow  Articles of Impeachment that I filed to move forward, such that there  could at least be a vote to table it or not. He did not interfere with  the process. He did not try to change the rules so that there would be  no opportunity for a Member to move impeachment forward, to the extent  that we did.   I am proud of Speaker Ryan for doing this because, as a result, I  hold in my hand what I call the historic 58. Fifty-eight Members of  Congress, some of whom were ranking members of full committees, voted  to allow this process to move forward. On a second occasion, 66  Members, the historic 66, voted to allow the process to move forward.   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Ryan did not try to circumvent the process. For  this, I say that I am grateful. I respect him for not trying to  circumvent the process. Mr. Speaker, had he tried to circumvent it, I  probably would be standing here saying some words that would not be  similar in any way to what I am saying currently.   I am mentioning this because there is a question that has been put to  me by many members of the press as to whether or not we will move  forward again with impeachment. I am here to say without question,  reservation, or hesitation that we should not allow ourselves to get  back to bigotry as usual. There seems to be a desire to avoid the  question of bigotry emanating from the Presidency. There seems to be a  desire to move on to something else; let's find another way to deal  with the problem.   But that is not what the people who suffer from the bigotry have to  endure, just the conversations. They have to deal with the actual  bigotry, the actual ugliness that is being fostered across the length  and breadth of this country as a result of the bigotry. There are  people who are suffering.   The culture is changing. Bigotry is real, and people have to deal  with it. Because they do, I don't think we should allow bigotry to go  unnoticed as it emanates from the Presidency. Because I don't think so,  I will make an announcement sometime next week, more than likely, as to  whether or not we will have additional Articles of Impeachment brought  before the House.   I have never interfered with the Mueller investigation; I don't  intend to interfere with it. But I just believe that we ought not allow  bigotry to go unnoticed. We ought not try to get to a point in this  country where we will allow bigotry to be nothing more than a talking  point. It ought to be an action item.   The greatest place to ascertain whether it is an action item is how  we as Members of Congress not only talk about it, but how we vote when  the issue is given an opportunity to be voted upon.   Mr. Speaker, I assure you that I will make an announcement sometime  in the near future as to whether or not there will be another vote on  bigotry emanating from the Presidency. I also, again, thank you for not  circumventing the process. Republicans had a majority, and you could  have done it without a single Democratic vote. You respected the right  of individual Members. It is the right of the individual that you have  protected under your leadership. I pray that protection will continue.   