 Mr. Chair, this is what our cuddly sea lions do to our  iconic salmon in the Columbia and Willamette Rivers.   Salmon are an important part of the culture, the identity, and the  economy of the people and Tribes of the Pacific Northwest. It is one of  the reasons why we, as a region, have put so much time, energy, and  resources into protecting and recovering these iconic fish.   Along with my good friend and colleague from the other side of the  Columbia River, Representative Herrera Beutler, we have worked very  hard with the three States in our region, our Tribes, our wildlife  agencies, and our colleagues here in Congress to find common ground and  to craft a bill that meets our needs to protect endangered salmon, but  also addresses concerns about what happens to the sea lions.   Today's consideration of H.R. 2083 marks nearly 9 years that I have  been working on this legislation with my colleague from Washington.  During that time, sea lion predation on endangered salmon and steelhead  runs has increased exponentially, and the results have been dramatic.   Much like the Ballard Locks in Seattle that my colleague referred to  earlier, we are facing our own imminent extinction threat with the  Willamette winter steelhead run if we don't act immediately. That is  just a fact.   In the case of the Ballard Locks, we didn't act soon enough. The  pinniped predation drove that steelhead run to extinction.   We cannot repeat the same mistake. It is important to note that  nothing in this bill will harm sea lion populations. They are  thriving--thanks to the Marine Mammal Protection Act--with a population  that now hovers in the 300,000 range.   NOAA has concluded that the California sea lions have reached their  maximum carrying capacity. It is a remarkable success story. We want  that to continue. But with this success, we also need to recognize that  these sea lions no longer need the same level of protections that they  did when they first passed the Marine Mammal Protection Act in the  early 1970s, when their numbers were only in the 70,000 range.   Now they are threatening, in non-historic areas, to move up the  rivers, where they have no history, and eliminate our salmon. There is  a 20 to 25 percent predation on these salmon.   Our bill would allow the selective removal of problematic sea lions  that are congregating at the Bonneville Dam, Willamette Falls, and some  of the tributaries of key estuaries.   Research has shown that removing these sea lions before they  habituate to these areas prevents additional animals recruiting to  these areas and would result in having to remove fewer sea lions over  time.   We have heard some arguments that we shouldn't focus on sea lions,  that we should take a comprehensive approach. My good colleague from  Arizona said there is no silver bullet here. I agree. I agree.   We have been doing nonlethal hazing for more than 15 years that has  been totally ineffective. Transport these sea lions to the coast from  the middle of Oregon, and they are back in 5 days at the Willamette  Falls.   Every entity involved in salmon management, from Tribes to fishermen  to dam operators, has altered their behavior to protect salmon. Pacific  Northwest ratepayers, through their electric bills, contribute nearly  $1 billion a year, the biggest fish recovery program in America, a  third of their electric bill, to help fund the largest fish mitigation  program.   This money goes toward the habitat restoration that was alluded to;  improvements to fish ladders, fish screens, turbines; improving  hatcheries. It is our responsibility as Members of Congress to  safeguard the public investment in improving these salmon runs.   This is not a radical bill. This is a thoughtful, narrow approach  that is based on sound science, brought to us by the Departments of  Fish and Wildlife of the three States in question and supported by Jay  Inslee of Washington and Kate Brown of Oregon, Democratic Governors;  Butch Otter of Idaho, a Republican Governor; Tribes; wildlife agencies;  and biologists. Senators Cantwell and Risch have introduced a companion  bill in the Senate.   Most importantly, the process will require the following: NOAA still  will review the permit application and issue a request for public  comment. NOAA will form a task force to review the application and make  recommendations. NOAA will conduct a NEPA review.   We have a great many people doing incredible work.    Mr. Chair, I just want to thank everyone for their  strong effort in this area: the Tribes; Liz Hamilton, Bob Rees, and our  conservation community; Curt Melcher and his team at ODF&W, Shaun  Clements and Ed Bowles; and our friends on the other side of the river  at WDFW also. All these folks have been tremendous partners. I can't  thank them enough.   Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from across the river, Jaime Herrera  Beutler. It has been a great partnership.  [[Page H5699]]    Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support our region and our efforts  to protect and support our salmon. I ask for your help and to support  this legislation today.   