 Mr. President, I think it is important when using  expedited procedures, especially on matters of national security such  as this, the Senate limit consideration to the matter at hand.  Therefore, I raise a point of order that amendments offered under 50  U.S.C. 1546(a) must be germane to the underlying joint resolution to  which they are offered.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator for most of  the comments he made. I think they were made very eloquently. I share  many of the same concerns the Senator has.   I voted to cause this to come out of committee because I felt this  discussion on the Senate floor needed to take place.   The Senator from Vermont knows I have concerns about using this  vehicle to do it, but by causing this debate to take place, many of the  concerns the Senator has expressed will be expressed by others, and I  agree with many of those.   Saudi Arabia has not conducted this war in a manner, in my opinion,  that takes into account the great harm that is taking place with  civilians. I agree with that 100 percent.   I am more than nonplussed over the fact that I believe--and I have  sat in a very detailed--very detailed--intelligence review of what  happened with the journalist at the consulate in Turkey, and I  absolutely believe that if the Crown Prince came before a jury in the  United States of America, he would be convicted guilty in under 30  minutes. I absolutely believe he directed it; I believe he monitored  it; and I believe he is responsible for it.   I have had concerns about using this vehicle, and I have concerns  about what this may mean as we set a precedent about refueling and  intelligence activities being considered hostilities. I am concerned  about that.   I think the Senator knows we have operations throughout Northern  Africa, where we are working with other governments on intelligence to  counter terrorism. We are doing refueling activists in Northern Africa  now, and it concerns me--he knows I have concerns--that if we use this  vehicle, then we may have 30 or 40 instances where this vehicle might  be used to do something that really should not be dealt with by the War  Powers Act.   I will say, the strong passage of the germaneness issue we just  dispensed with helps. It helps a great deal. So now, in the future, if  this particular vehicle is utilized, we now know we have set the  precedent that only germane issues can be brought up.   I did have concerns--and we have now solved those--that other issues  might be brought up and all of a sudden, the leaders would lose control  of the floor. I would like to see Members have more votes. I agree with  that. But I think we have now narrowed this in a very appropriate way.   The Senator and I have discussed a resolution that is separate and  apart from this. I have agreed with Senators on the other side of the  aisle that I will not introduce that resolution until this issue has  been dispensed with. I do hope we will have a unanimous vote on it to  strongly condemn the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia for the actions he  has taken relative to killing the journalist--who was a resident of the  United States and has children living here--in the consulate in Turkey.  That is a separate issue that I hope we will take up almost immediately  after we dispense with this.   I want to thank the Senator for his concern. I share many of those  concerns. We have some legal concerns right now about using this  vehicle, and the Senator knows that. I am concerned about where this  goes down the road. We will have some amendments we will deal with over  the next day or so that may clear that up to a degree.   I just want to say to him that even though we have legal concerns  about this particular process, I thank him for his concern for the  citizens there, for his admonishment, for his demarching of a Crown  Prince in Saudi Arabia who I believe is out of control, doing things on  top of killing journalists--blockading Qatar without even thinking,  arresting a Prime Minister in Lebanon--things that no one would think  would be appropriate for international norms.   I know we will have other speakers coming to the floor. We may  disagree on process, but many of the issues the Senator has brought up  today I agree with wholeheartedly.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from New Jersey for  his concern about this issue. I voted to dispense with this out of the  committee. I have concerns about the particular legal issues that are  being created here, but I wanted this debate to take place on the  floor.   I thank him for his concerns about the way the Crown Prince of Saudi  Arabia is conducting himself, about the war itself, and how ham-handed  the Saudis and others have been, having shown so little concern for the  citizens who live in Yemen. So I appreciate his efforts.   I know we are very unlikely to come to an agreement on the bill he  has offered, and I can understand why he would rather start the next  year with a bill that he feels is stronger. I have some operational  concerns, but I like the thrust of it very much.   I understand that, knowing we are not going to come to a conclusion  this year, he would rather start this next Congress with the strongest  message and bill that he can put forth. But I do want to thank him for  offering it. I hope that--again, with some operational concerns worked  out from my perspective--it comes along. I hope the thrust of it comes  along.  [[Page S7488]]    So I thank him for that, and I thank him for his concern for the  people of Yemen. I thank him, in particular, for his tremendous disdain  for what the Crown Prince has done relative to the journalist.   The Senator is right that expressing outrage in itself is not enough;  I agree with that 100 percent. I do hope that once this is done, so we  don't confuse that with what is happening here on this particular  message, if you will, that is taking place--he is right that it is not  going to change policy. The only thing that will change policy is a  refined Menendez-Young bill that will be dealt with next year. But I do  hope we will have the ability, after this is over, after this is  dispensed with tomorrow--I hope we can speak to that outrage. I think  it helps us. As it relates to the second Magnitsky letter that we sent,  I think it helps reinforce the fact that we hold him accountable, and I  think there could be some good there.   I also think, as it relates to Saudi Arabia, a strong admonishment of  the Crown Prince--I think they care about that a whole lot more than we  might think.   So I wish the Senator well as we move ahead with the other piece. I  would like to see some changes. I will not be here to make those  happen, but I thank him for the thrust. I appreciate the message that  is being put forth now. I do hope that, collectively, before we leave  here this year, we can admonish strongly what we believe the Crown  Prince has been involved in, and that is the murder of a journalist.    Mr. President, before yielding to Senator Young so he can  make his amendment pending, I just want to follow up and say--look, I  do want to go on record and say that I support the provisions of the  Senator's bill that block for a period of time offensive weaponry sales  to Saudi Arabia. I support that. I also support provisions of the bill  that sanction people who are blocking humanitarian aid for the people  there.   The Senator and his staff know we have some operational issues, and I  know those are going to get worked out. I know that the way to start  legislation and get it to where we really want it to be is to start out  strongly. I know the Senator knows he is not going to pass it this  year, and if I were the Senator from New Jersey, I would go about it  exactly the way he is going about it.   So I do appreciate the thrust, and I do hope we pass those into law  with some of the other provisions so that there is a price to pay for  what has taken place.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, through the Presiding Officer I wish to  ask the Senator from Indiana, what you are saying is that you are doing  everything you possibly can do to ensure that if your amendment passes,  never in the future will your amendment be relied upon to say if we are  refueling, that means we are involved in hostilities; is that correct?    Mr. President, I ask again the Senator: For those of us,  many in this body, including the Senator from Indiana, who worry that  the mere refueling that may take place in Mali, where maybe we are  supporting French troops, or the refueling in other places--the mere  refueling in another country, the mere refueling itself--you are saying  that by voting for your amendment, you have no intention of ever  creating a precedent that another Senator could use the War Powers Act  simply because of refueling taking place; is that your intention?    Mr. President, I appreciate the Senator from Indiana  answering those questions. Today, we are, as you know, establishing  precedent on a number of things. No. 1, we overwhelmingly decided that  if the War Powers Resolution is used in this matter, only germane  amendments can be put forth. I think that was a big step forward as it  relates to this type of debate and in using the War Powers Resolution  as it is being used.   I did want to get the Senate record to be very clear that the Senator  from Indiana, should his amendment pass, was in no way trying to create  a scenario where if we are refueling someplace, that automatically  means we are involved in hostilities. What he is trying to do is  address this specific issue.   Since we have been able to have this in the Record and since,  hopefully, future Senates will rely upon the Record to look at what is  taking place today, I want to thank the Senator for his amendment and  tell him that I plan to support it.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Sean Tyler, a  Defense fellow in Senator Young's office, be granted floor privileges  for the remainder of the week.   