 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from  Texas, Sheila Jackson Lee, for yielding and for her tremendous  leadership on the criminal justice reform effort over the years.   I also want to thank all of the members of the House Judiciary  Committee, in particular, Chairman Goodlatte, as well as Jerry Nadler  and, of course, Cedric Richmond and Karen Bass, who were phenomenal  assets to this effort.   Let me thank my good friend Doug Collins, who has been a tremendous  force of nature as it relates to making sure that this Congress did  something about overcriminalization in America. From beginning, middle,  and end, it has been an honor to work with Mr. Collins on a wide  variety of things in this great body, in particular, on this effort to  break the back of the prison industrial complex. I thank Doug Collins  for his tremendous leadership.   In 1971, President Nixon declared drug abuse public enemy number one.  It was the beginning of the failed war on drugs.   At that point in time, there were less than 350,000 people  incarcerated in America. Today, there are 2.2 million. We incarcerate  more people in the United States of America than any other country in  the world. We have 5 percent of the world's population and 25 percent  of the world's incarcerated individuals.   It is a scandal. It is a stain on our democratic society. It is not a  Democratic problem or a Republican problem; it is an American problem.   Today, the House of Representatives comes together as Americans to  begin to solve it--Democrats and Republicans, the left and the right,  progressives and conservatives, the National Urban League and the Koch  brothers, the House and the Senate, as well as the Trump  administration--proving that good things can happen under the Capitol  dome when we set aside partisan bickering to solve problems on behalf  of the American people.   And what a problem that we are endeavoring to solve with the First  Step Act, making sure that currently incarcerated individuals, the  victims of mass incarceration in this country, can successfully reenter  society, transform themselves, become productive citizens; dramatically  reduce recidivism; and save taxpayer dollars. That is what the First  Step Act is all about.   It will also strike a blow against the unfair sentencing laws that  were put into place as a result of the failed war on drugs and provide  some retroactive relief to those individuals sentenced unjustly as a  result of the disparity between crack cocaine and powder cocaine.   The First Step Act is a product of work that this body has decided to  do out of recognition that we cannot allow overcriminalization to  continue to persist in this country.   Now, the mass incarceration epidemic has been with us for over 40  years. It will not take simply the waving of a singular legislative  magic wand to eradicate, but it will require sustained effort,  sustained commitment, sustained intensity, and a meaningful first step.   That is what we are doing today. I urge all of my colleagues to  support this effort to reform our criminal justice system in a manner  consistent with the notion of liberty and justice for all.   