 Mr. President, I have had the privilege of serving with  both speakers I have heard today, Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North  Dakota and Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana. They represent the best of  the Senate. All of us are proud to be here. All of us are proud of the  opportunity to serve. But they are two special people. They are special  because they have a smile on their faces. They are special because they  are very smart. They are special because they know how to play the game  in a bipartisan way--not block things but help them pass.   I have enjoyed getting to meet Joe. I have enjoyed getting to know  Heidi. I am going to miss them a lot. America is very proud to have a  great son like Joe and a great daughter like Heidi. I am very lucky to  have had the chance to have them cross my way so I can become a friend  of theirs.   God bless both of you. Thank you for your service. Thank you very  much.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, this is a special time of the year-- Christmas. All of us are in a hurry to get home. Our children are  waiting for us to get home. Our families can't wait to share the joy of  the day. We want fun around the fire and the household. I would hate to  be the grinch who stole Christmas in the Senate. I don't want to think  that 10 years from now, if only I hadn't said this, this wouldn't have  happened or, maybe, if I had seen it coming, I would have done  something.   In 2008 and 2009, the Senator from Montana, Senator Hoeven, and I,  among others, went through the 2008-2009 housing crisis that ended up  in mortgage-backed securities failures, in all of the trouble that  happened on Wall Street--Dodd-Frank--and in the collapse of our  economy. It was the worst collapse of our economy ever since 1927. We  all remember what happened. We ended up getting the TARP. We ended up  having crisis after crisis. Slowly but surely, we guaranteed enough  stuff to get the market strong enough to begin to build back. Just now,  it is back where it ought to be from the standpoint of values, which is  a decade later.   Quite frankly, the housing market is not as strong. Its only strength  is that there are not that many houses for sale. That is because people  aren't putting them on the market. Builders can't build specs, and  there is not near the credit that there should be. People who have  resales are putting them off and fixing the houses up because they are  staying longer. So they are selling them for more money.   On the Multiple Listing Service, in Atlanta, GA, when I left my  company in 1998, there were 140,000 houses on the market in Atlanta in  June of 1998. Now there are about 60,000. That is not because the  market has failed. It is just that there is not that big a housing  stock out there, and it is for all of the reasons I said. In terms of  financing being readily available, it is readily available, and that is  what I want to talk about.   I was thinking the other day. I heard an ad on the radio about no-doc  loans, and I heard an ad about the VA's 100-percent loan--that we will  approve what the banks will not--and stuff that I knew was patently  wrong. So I turned to the business section, which I used to look at as  a businessman every day but don't anymore because I don't have the  decisions to make. I am glad that I did because it taught me a lesson,  and I want to read you this from last Sunday's paper: How about a loan  with no down payment, zero-down mortgages, and jumbo loans? We will  approve what the banks won't.   That is exactly the thing that took us down the wrong path in 2008  and 2009. Greed took over common sense. Then, common sense failed, and  we did some bad things. All of the things in the mortgage-backed  securities market took place all at once. What happened was, because  money was chasing rates and rates were starting to rise--and now they  are starting to rise; that is happening in our economy--the instruments  that yielded higher rates than the going rate for regular credit  started being created to be sold and packaged on Wall Street. You would  make money on the sale of the security, but you would also fund the  mortgage at a higher yield to you, the investor, which is just fine and  dandy until the person at the lower end of the spectrum, who gets  approved with a no-document, no-down payment loan, ends up qualifying  for it, gets it, does not make a payment, and gets foreclosed on. All  of a sudden, the credit is lost. The house is lost. The same thing that  happened in 2008-2009 starts happening all over again.   I am not saying that we are on the verge of a collapse. What I am  saying is that it is a carbon copy--I mean a carbon copy--of exactly  what was happening in 2008 and 2009 when the markets collapsed. We  can't afford another one. Banking is stronger today for a lot of  reasons. It is mainly because there aren't nearly as many of them.  There aren't nearly as many of them because a lot of them failed. In  the South--in Atlanta, GA, my State--we lost more than almost anybody  in the country, simply because the capacity was not there.   As I said about the housing market, the number of houses available in  the marketplace is much lower than it was back in the 1990s and back in  2005, 2006, and 2007. It is down because there is not as much to put on  the market. There is not enough credit to finance it and put it on the  market and have spec loans. People are very tight with their money  because a lot of them got burned in 2008 and 2009. They see their  parents who lost their houses and their savings. They see values  collapse. They couldn't get through their college by borrowing against  their homes because their home equity loans died.   There are lots of folks out there who are trying to put together  instruments and package them in an attractive way to sell them on the  New York markets and through mortgage-backed securities and to attract  low-credit borrowers or young borrowers who aren't totally prepared to  borrow the way they should be. It is of higher risk for us. It is a  high risk for our economy. The middlemen make a lot of money early, but  on a 30-year mortgage, you don't want to just make your money early.  You want to have somebody with skin in the game for all 30 years.   So I just want to say to all of my colleagues--and I am talking to  myself as  [[Page S7413]]  much as I am talking to you; I am not talking at myself; I am talking  with myself--that we have to be careful if we see things happening that  happened in our recent past that we didn't learn from. If we let them  happen again, they will be worse. Then you will just say: Well, I wish  I had seen it coming.   It is coming. Read the paper with me. I am going to come to the floor  a lot in the next few months just to kind of monitor it myself. I see  the creep of easy credit, the creep of no documentation, the creep of  no underwriting for the quality of the borrower, and the creep of greed  coming into the marketplace. The greater it gets, the worse the economy  is and the faster it goes bad, and we all go bad with it.   So I just came out to wish everybody a Merry Christmas. I don't want  to be the grinch who stole Christmas, but it is happening, and it is  being advertised in our newspapers. It is happening in our cities, and  it is happening in our backyard. We need to make sure that we don't let  it get away from us because, if we do, we will have only ourselves to  blame.   I yield the floor.   