 Madam Chair, who doesn't want to export natural gas? I  suspect we all do. We like to do it in the proper manner, and this is  the debate to be had over whether it should be done with or without  this exemption from the normal process.   But there is another issue at hand. Clearly, natural gas is a  strategic national asset. Both sides would agree to that. I don't think  there is any debate whatsoever--a strategic national asset. And it is  certainly going to be to the benefit of certain parts of this Nation  that happen to have shale gas available. It is also going to be a  benefit to the petroleum industry and those that are able to extract  the natural gas--all good.   But why don't we use this strategic national asset to support another  strategic national asset, our maritime industry?   It used to be when the north slope of Alaska opened up that all of  that oil that was exported from Alaska had to be on American ships with  American sailors. Over the years, that disappeared. But we have an  opportunity right here with this piece of legislation to really enhance  the benefit that comes from this strategic national asset.   I am all for the Caribbean. Good for them. Good for us. But what if  that was shipped on American ships, built in American shipyards by  American workers, and the steel was American steel?   What if we made it in America? What if we used this natural gas  export, LNG, for the benefit of the broad American economy, not just  for a few places that are fortunate enough to have the gas in the  ground and those that extract it?   Why not require that a small percentage--1, 2, 5, 10 percent--of that  gas be on American-built ships with American mariners?   Spread the benefit of this extraordinary natural resource, this  strategic national asset to the broad width of America, the shipyards  of America located on our coasts, the steel mills of America, the  engine manufacturers. Americans throughout could benefit.    Well, let me wrap this up very, very quickly in the  next 60 seconds.   A strategic national asset, natural gas, coupled with another  strategic natural national asset, our mariners, our shipyards, our  steel industry, our manufacturers of pumps and motors, take a small  percentage.    By the way, we have a bill to do this, bipartisan, bicameral, Senator  Wicker, Senator Casey, good men and women in California, in the  legislature here on this side, all of us supporting this. So why don't  we amend this bill in the process?   In the meantime, I will vote it out of here, but let's remember, this  asset  [[Page H7890]]  could be for the benefit of all America, not just a narrow portion of  it.   