 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from New  York (Mr. Nadler) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Nadler,  Congressman Doug Collins, Congressman Hakeem Jeffries, and all of my  friends on the Judiciary Committee for working in such a bipartisan  fashion to get this important bill to the floor.   We all remember the iconic tune from the 1970s, ``I Write the  Songs.'' First performed by Captain and Tennille and made popular by  David Cassidy and, of course, Barry Manilow, the song encapsulates the  universality of music.   While we rightly celebrate the artists and singers behind these hits  and these great songs, there often are a number of individuals who work  just as hard to make that song a hit. Because to make a great song, you  need not just the writers and the singers, but also engineers,  technicians, and producers, people like my friend Mike Clink, as well  as Darrell Brown. They may not be as famous as Guns N' Roses or LeAnn  Rimes, the folks they helped produce, but they are equally important  when it comes to the process of making that music. But they are not  often given the credit or compensation they so rightly deserve.   With this bill, that will finally change. We are making important  updates to music copyright law to make sure that everyone with a role  in making hits that get stuck in our heads gets paid for their fair  share.   I am especially glad that my bill, the Allocation for Music  Producers, or AMP Act, is included in this package. I thank my  colleague across the aisle, Tom Rooney, for working with me to help the  many people who work so hard to make perfect the iconic recordings we  hear every day.   This bill will, for the first time, make mention of engineers and  producers in copyright law and provide a system for them to be directly  paid for the hard work that they do.    As a musician and songwriter myself, I am so glad to see bipartisan  agreement around these important issues. I am proud to see all of the  various folks in the recording industry coalesce around these critical  fixes, and I am proud to vote today in support of fair compensation for  creators in the music industry.   