 Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order on the  motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of my point  of order.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, this legislation before us contains  two important Appropriations bills: the Interior and Environmental bill  and the Financial Services bill.   The first of these two bills, the Interior bill, funds important  programs that protect and promote our Nation's resources. This includes  vital funding to fight wildfires that threaten our communities across  the Nation. The bill also invests in critical infrastructure that  ensures American families have access to clean and safe drinking water;  and, yes, this bill streamlines our Federal Government, returning the  EPA to its core mission and cutting back regulatory red tape.   The second bill, the Financial Services bill, helps make our Nation a  safer place to live and helps our economy grow. The bill also targets  resources to programs that will boost economic growth and opportunity,  particularly for America's small business people, as well as protects  consumers and investors.   In addition, the Financial Services bill helps enforce our laws  providing necessary funding to support the Federal Court system,  stopping financial and cybercrime, and fighting the opioid epidemic.   Funding these Federal programs is a responsibility given to Congress  by our Founding Fathers as part of the Constitution.   Mr. Speaker, our committee has exercised the power of the purse  through robust debate over the past 2 days, and now it is time to move  forward with this legislation.   Passage of this legislation will put us one step closer to completing  all of our Appropriations bills as we promised in a timely fashion.   Mr. Speaker, these are solid bills. They are worthy of your support.  I urge my colleagues to reject the motion, and vote ``yes'' on the  underlying bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   