 Mr. President, I want to join my colleague from West  Virginia, as well as our friend from South Dakota, to say how much I  appreciate the effort that Senator Crapo has made to put this bill  together. It is exactly how the Congress is supposed to work and how  the Senate is supposed to work--a bipartisan bill. Frankly, I am sure  it is a bill that everyone who will vote for it would have changed at  least one thing in it, but if we were to change all of those things  that all of us would have changed, suddenly we wouldn't have a bill  that could pass, a bill that would do what this bill does, a bill that  will roll back the Dodd-Frank regulations, which are one more attempt  by the Federal Government to make one size fit all. If you have ever  tried on any one-size-fits-all things, you know that one size almost  never fits anybody, and that has been the case that we have seen now.   Credit unions and community banks provide critical financial services  for families and for small businesses across Missouri and across the  country. When the Dodd-Frank bill became law, small and medium-sized  banks and credit unions were faced with huge regulatory burdens. Big  banks got bigger, and small banks got bought and went out of business  way too often. There was negative impact on their ability to maintain  service on Main Street in a small community. You couldn't put together  a group that would just be the compliance group, and if you did, that  had to come out of their ability to do the kind of business that you  wanted to do and always had been doing.   According to the Independent Community Bankers of America, despite  holding less than 20 percent of the Nation's banking assets, community  banks fund more than 60 percent of small business loans and more than  80 percent of U.S. agricultural loans--all in that 20 percent of the  banking assets of the country. Furthermore, they operate in many areas  where other banks don't, where they are the only physical banking  presence, frankly. One out of every five U.S. counties has only one  bank, and that one bank is a community bank, a small bank. The more  time, the more money, the more staff that community lenders have to  dedicate to complying with needless regulations, the less ability they  have to provide the kind of service they would like to provide.   In talking about the bill that I am pleased to be a cosponsor of, the  president of the Missouri Bankers Association, Max Cook, said: ``This  common-sense legislation will allow banks to better serve the needs of  customers and businesses in our communities.''   He went on to say ``that financial regulatory reform will unleash  America's economic potential.'' That is the end of his quote, but I  think you could add to it that lots of good things are happening in our  economy right now--the tax bill, the regulatory, commonsense  regulations that are overcoming regulations that didn't make much  sense. Access to capital is a critically important part of what you  have to have to have a growing economy--access to capital in small  communities,  [[Page S1416]]  as well as access in big communities. That means you have to have banks  that can serve the communities those banks are in.   This bill contains a number of bipartisan priorities. One of the  priorities in here is a bill that I sponsored, the Family Self- Sufficiency Act. Senator Rounds mentioned part of what that means to  rural Americans, but it also means a lot to Americans who are living  under public housing programs of one kind or another. This was a bill  that I introduced. It was cosponsored by Senator Reed from Rhode  Island, Senator Scott from South Carolina, Senator Menendez from New  Jersey, and it is another bipartisan statement that this bill will make  when we pass it. It simply makes commonsense changes in the Department  of Housing and Urban Development's Family Self-sufficiency Program.  That program happens to be under the Banking Committee, so it fits  right in this bill.   What this addition to the bill would do--and it is in the bill to  start with now--is expand the ability of people, under the new way to  define these programs, to improve their education, to save money for  the future, to reach their goal of becoming more financially  independent.   The first thing the legislation does is streamline two public housing  family self-sufficiency programs into one. There is no reason to have  two family self-sufficiency programs, no reason to have two  definitions, no reason to have one category of people in those programs  who qualify for things and a second category who don't, just because  they happen to qualify under the definitions of a needlessly  duplicative program. So it eliminates that.   This bill expands the scope of support services. It allows people who  are in these programs to attain a GED if they don't have one, to pursue  a postsecondary degree or a postsecondary certification, and it gives  training for financial literacy.   Lastly, this bill would expand the reach of the Family Self- Sufficiency Program to families that may otherwise be technically  excluded from the program today.   I would like to share some of the statements from housing  organizations in my State and around the country, such as a group  called Beyond Housing, which is interested in more than just a place to  live, but how you use that as a way to improve your life. Beyond  Housing in St. Louis, which provides more than 400 affordable housing  rental units for families throughout the St. Louis region, endorsed the  bill because they said it would ``empower families across the country  to achieve self-sufficiency.'' The Missouri chapter of the National  Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials supports the change  this bill has because they say ``it provides the Tool Box the residents  can use to better life for them as individuals and as a family.''   The National NeighborWorks Association says that the legislation  would ``improve the existing self-sufficiency program to help more  individuals and families achieve more in life for themselves and their  families.''   Providing families in need with affordable housing is critical, but  it is also important that we figure out ways to move them beyond  government support to self-sufficiency. These changes in this bill help  make that happen. A companion bill of that part of the bill in the  House passed in January by a vote of 412 to 5, so I hope it is a  helpful addition to the bill. I know it is going to be helpful to the  families that it opens new doors for.   I am glad to be here supporting this bill and to have Senator Rounds,  Senator Capito, Senator Enzi, and Senator Fischer here, as well, to  talk about the importance of this bipartisan piece of legislation.   I yield the floor.   