 Mr. President, this weekend, we honor those who have  fought on the frontlines in battle and made the ultimate sacrifice on  behalf of the United States of America. These men and women represent  America at its best--a nation that is restless and unwavering in  combating tyranny, that facilitates peace, and defends human rights and  individual liberty across the globe; a nation that is unafraid to call  evil by its name and then works to eradicate it through force, if  necessary, even at great cost to itself and its own people.   Today, in advance of the holiday weekend, I say thank you to the  200,000 military men and women who are stationed in my State, the State  of Texas, and to the 1.7 million veterans who call Texas home.   Thank you for having served over the course of so many years in the  face of so many dangers and at such great individual sacrifice.   Of course, many of their predecessors gave their lives defending this  country on the bloody fields of Gettysburg, in the trenches of the  Western Front, during the storming of the beaches at Normandy, and  during the Shock and Awe in Baghdad. These are just some examples, each  of them unique but none of which we should ever forget.   We must also thank the military families of those warriors. I pray  they find peace on Monday, when many of them will place flowers on  military grave sites and speak privately to their loved ones who have  passed on.   In just a few days, I will have the chance to speak to young Texans  who thought hard about their futures and the future of our country and  decided they want to attend our U.S. military academies. These talented  high school students are the cream of the crop. They have been accepted  to our Nation's five prestigious military service academies, and they  will be gathering together, on Monday, in San Antonio.   Even though I am not the one who has nominated all of them, we invite  everyone who has been nominated--and their families--to come to this  academy sendoff. This sendoff is something I look forward to each year  because it is an inspiration to me. At a time when people talk about  the next generation and America's future, they reassure me that our  country still produces talented, patriotic young men and women who want  to serve their country and want to preserve our freedom. Meeting these  young people who are making such bold and selfless decisions speaks  well of the character of our Nation's next generation.   Then I will be heading down to Georgetown, TX, which is just outside  of Austin, to a community called Sun City, which has a large veteran  population. There, I will join in celebrating Memorial Day in a place  where patriotism is not a dirty word. In Sun City, it is not an act  either. Loving one's country and honoring fallen soldiers is simply a  given, and I know there will be a lot of American flags on full  display.   In the few days leading up to Memorial Day, we should also reflect on  our duty as Members of Congress and as a nation to support our military  servicemembers and their families and ask whether we are living up to  our end of the bargain in Washington, DC.  [[Page S2894]]    Just yesterday, we took a very important step in that regard by  passing the VA MISSION Act, which includes some of the most substantial  reforms to the veterans' healthcare system that have been made in  years.   It lowers the barriers to care for veterans and gives them more  treatment options. It also simplifies the bureaucratic system of  community care programs and streamlines them from seven to one. It  expands the family caregivers program, which I became convinced was  important after having visited wounded warriors at Walter Reed.  Frequently, because of the catastrophic injuries they have suffered, a  spouse has had to quit his or her job and basically tend to the needs  of that wounded warrior, just as a practical matter, and provide  assistance in addition to the medical care that has been received.  Expanding the family caregivers program is, I think, a step in the  right direction.   In this bill, we also address opioid prescription guidelines for  outside providers and encourage the hiring and retention of more  Veterans Health Administration healthcare professionals.   So there is a lot to talk about when we go home for Memorial Day, and  I look forward to talking to our Active-Duty military and our veterans  and to demonstrating that we are doing more than just talking about it;  we are actually doing something that will make a difference in their  lives.   Upon our return, I am also looking forward to continuing our hard  work on the National Defense Authorization Act, which is something the  Presiding Officer is intimately involved in, which was marked up  yesterday in the Armed Services Committee.   For 57 straight years, a Defense authorization bill has been signed  into law by Presidents of both parties and through the hard work of  congressional majorities that have been led by both parties. This  year's legislation will help ensure our military has what it needs to  achieve the most difficult missions they have ever faced and to embark  on those that will inevitably arise tomorrow.   I have spoken quite a bit about the China threat recently at this  podium, and that country bears mentioning again, right now, because of  its connection to the Defense Authorization Act.   As the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee said recently,  it is ``[i]n the Indo-Pacific region [where] the United States faces a  near-term, belligerent threat armed with nuclear weapons and also a  longer-term strategic competitor.''   China is that longer term strategic competitor, of course, and that  is what Congressman Mac Thornberry was talking about. Yet we can't just  stop with China and North Korea. We need to talk about Russia, Iran,  and the civil war and terrorist threat arising out of Syria and the  Middle East.   All of those are important in our deliberations on the Defense  authorization bill because the NDAA prioritizes military readiness  across the globe where American leadership remains indispensable. It  promotes security and stability in the Indo-Pacific, particularly  through military exercises with our allies, and it improves Taiwan's  defense capabilities while we keep our commitment to Taiwan that was  established a long time ago.   The Defense authorization bill is important for reasons that hit much  closer to home as well. In past years, this bill has authorized needed  improvements at Texas military facilities like Fort Hood, Joint Base  San Antonio, the Red River Army Depot, and Ellington Field. It has also  given our troops a much needed pay raise and updated advanced aircraft,  ships, and ground vehicles. All of these have implications in Texas.   As we get closer and closer to Memorial Day, let's remember what our  Armed Forces have given for us, including their very lives, and  everything they have given to us, which is our freedom that we enjoy  every day.   Let's make sure we keep up our end of the bargain here in Washington  with legislation like the VA MISSION Act and the Defense authorization  bill and at home with our patriotism and our frequent signs of  appreciation for their service to our great country.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake),  the Senator from Nevada (Mr. Heller), the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain), and the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio)  would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake),  the Senator from Nevada (Mr. Heller), the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain), and the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio)  would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake),  the Senator from Nevada (Mr. Heller), the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran), and the Senator from  Florida (Mr. Rubio).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. Rubio)  would have voted ``yea.''   