 Mr. President, I rise for a couple of moments in morning  business to pay tribute to the Senate and what we have done this past  year. We think we are easing towards going home. We think we are easing  towards finishing the year, and everybody is excited about that. We  have talked about a lot of things we haven't done. Let's talk about  what we have done, because I think this has been the most successful  time I have had in Washington for 20 years.   As chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, we have had the best  success we have ever had for the most important people in the country  we love--our military in the United States of  [[Page S7835]]  America. I want everybody to remember four things to take home that you  have done to see to it that our men and women who fight for us and keep  us safe get treated the way they should every day.   No. 1 is the VA MISSION Act.   After a number of years, when we started moving towards a way to get  better appointments, better timing, and better results for our  veterans, we finally came together with the VA MISSION Act. We saw to  it that if a veteran needed health needs met, he got them when he  needed them, not when it was convenient for him to get them. If the VA  couldn't provide them, the private sector could. He could go to the  private sector. We have done everything we can to expand accessibility  to quality healthcare. Our vets are the most important assets we have.   The second is the accountability bill. For a lot of years, we saw on  the front pages of the newspapers that the VA had done stupid things  and that a lot of VA employees had done stupid things. The way they got  corrected--the way they got punished--was to be transferred to another  VA office. We finally passed a bill whereby if you don't do your job,  if you hurt the people you are there to protect--meaning our vets--then  you get fired. You have a 10-day appeal, and then you are through. You  don't get paid forever. You don't get moved. You don't get switched  around. We make sure you have pure accountability. Because of that, the  VA is more responsive today than it has ever been.   With that, we had to put in whistleblower protection to allow our  vets who find out something is going wrong but who are afraid to say  something to have the protection that everybody has with whistleblower  laws we have passed.   The third biggest problem we had and the No. 1 headache we have is  seeing to it that veterans' benefits are timely and that they get a  good appeal. The timeliness in approving veterans' applications for  that had gone to as much as a year and a half to 2 years before they  had gotten decisions. Now we have better accountability with the  improved results we are seeing in giving our veterans their benefits  and their approvals in a more timely way. I hope, before I leave the  Senate, whenever that will be, we will get it down to almost zero. They  don't get the luxury of waiting when they are on the battlefield. They  have to pull and fight when they are confronted. So we need to make  sure they get that benefit today.   Lastly and most importantly, as we have said, our veterans are our  most important people. We now have the Agency focused in the right  direction. We have a good Secretary in Secretary Wilkie. We have a good  focus in what we are doing, and we have passed the types of acts that  are necessary to get a bureaucracy to become a responsible  organization. We have seen to it that the benefits we are supposed to  protect are not only protected but are delivered as well.   Thank you for the time I have been given to address the Senate. I  hope all of us go home and remember that our most important people are  our veterans. Also remember what each of you has done in passing these  improvements--seeing to it that the GI bill is now permanent for  everybody in that there are no more caps on their time; seeing to it  that veterans in the Reserves and veterans on Active Duty are treated  the same; and seeing to it that we have accountability and benefits for  our veterans so no one is left behind and so the United States of  America will continue to be the greatest country on the face of this  Earth.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, my  apologies to those on the floor who wish to speak. We have spoken a  couple of times about this on the floor. I want to do it one more time.   I appreciate the motion by the gentleman who had been my ranking  member on the committee for 2 years before this current session of the  Senate. The blue water Navy has been an issue that has been  controversial. It has almost been passed a few times, and it has been  defeated a number of times.   Our veterans, today, who served in Vietnam and who have ended up  contracting cancer--non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and things like that--do not  have the luxury of presumption of cause on their service in Vietnam  unless they served on the land. If they served on the land in the  battlefield, they get the benefit, but if they served at sea, where  most of this napalm and all of the other agents were delivered--on  those ships--they don't have that benefit.   The VA bifurcated a benefit of healthcare to our veterans--many of  whom contracted cancer and many of whom have died--and said: If you are  on the land, you get it. If you are on the sea, we will not let you  have it.   It is the wrong thing to do. No veteran who served on the land is  more important or less important than the one who served at sea. We  have a chance to do this, and we ought to do it. I am going to vote in  favor of adopting the motion by the gentleman from Connecticut.   Let me just say one other thing. There is a letter floating around  about the cost of this and about the cost estimates we had. We got a  new cost estimate yesterday after our having spent years in the  committee trying to get a better cost estimate. We got one yesterday  that was higher than the day before. I don't know what its credibility  is. I am not going to cast aspersions on the credibility of the CBS.  Obviously, nothing should surpass a promise we have made for healthcare  coverage to our veterans that they are not getting. That is what we owe  to them, and I hope everybody will vote to support the blue water Navy  benefit with regard to the motion by the Senator from Connecticut.   I yield the floor.   