 Madam President, we have just heard the words of the  senior Senator from my State, and I wanted to just take a moment  because it reminded me of a truism that came to mind as I heard him  speak and as I reflected back on our almost 8 years of service here  together.   Political divisions have existed in our country since its very  beginning. What has changed is, there was a time not so long ago when  Americans knew each other; when Americans had political differences,  but they also served on the PTA board together; when we disagreed about  whom to vote for, but we coached each other's kids in Little League or  we were members of the same church and worshiped together or we lived  side by side as neighbors.   When all you know about someone is whom they voted for or what their  political positions are, it is easy to dislike them, but when you know  them as a fellow parent, as a neighbor, as your children's coach, as  someone you live side by side with, then you know them as a person. It  is a lot easier to dislike a political opponent than it is to dislike  the whole person.   I raise that point with you because I am very proud of the  relationship, the working relationship, we have had in our 8 years here  together. One of the things that made that possible is that I knew Bill  Nelson as a person. If all I knew about him was that he and I did not  always vote the same way on every issue--that is what most people know  about us who serve here. That is one of the challenges we so often  face. The men and women we represent in our representative parties and  in our representative political leanings usually only know about our  colleagues in the 3 minutes they may see us in a television interview,  but we get to know each other as people. We get to know each other  outside of politics.   I knew Bill Nelson, and I know Bill Nelson, as a person and as a man.  I am an enormous admirer of his knowledge of Florida. He knows every  nook and cranny of the State. He might not remember this, but we were  together on a Coast Guard aircraft after one of our storms, and as we  overflew the State from above, he was pointing out and identifying down  at the street level every corner of the geography of the State. I  remember thinking: I have been in Florida politics for awhile. I know  the State fairly well, but he knew it down to the street level. So to  try to keep pace, I went back and opened up the Atlas and tried to  replicate 25, 30 years of State service to try to at least be in the  same neighborhood as he is in his knowledge of our State. It is  incredibly impressive. It wasn't something he memorized by looking at a  book. It was because he had been to all of these places at some point  during his time of service to our State.   I would say that certainly in the last quarter century, there has  been no greater champion not just for Florida's space industry but for  the space program; not just for NASA but for all of it, for the belief  that great nations do great things; that they explore the heavens.  There has been no greater champion for it.   His leaving the Senate will be a tremendous loss and will require all  of us to work harder to ensure that America remains a nation active and  engaged in space.   Above all else, I knew him--and know him--as a good man. I emphasize  the word ``man'' because I think oftentimes in our modern culture we  have developed a warped sense of what it truly takes to be a strong and  good person.   We live in an era in which we celebrate pride and arrogance, but I  have learned, through the example of watching him up close, that Bill  Nelson is a man with the kind of humility that our common faith tries  to instill in us.   He is a man that, at a time when it is so easy to be indifferent to  the suffering of others, in his service here, has been a man of  compassion.   He told you just a handful of stories. There are so many more real  human beings with whom he has stayed engaged in cases involving them,  without cameras, without press, without bumper stickers, without  documentaries, or any sort of recognition that so often people seek in  the political process.   We live in a time where being crude and abrasive is celebrated as  strength, while decency is oftentimes ridiculed as weakness. Bill  Nelson has been an example of decency. I cannot recall a single time in  our 8 years of service together in which he did anything to harm me,  embarrass me, or in any way create unnecessary conflict--in fact, any  conflict--on a personal level. In fact, I would say the worst thing he  ever did to me was he once, in front of an audience, accused me of  being a moderate.   It goes further than that. Our staffs would travel together across  the State. Sometimes people would be shocked by it. They would gasp  when my regional director and his regional director would share a ride  to wind up at an event together, as if somehow Republicans and  Democrats are supposed to be allergic to each other, when, in fact, in  the end, no matter how we view our politics, we are all going to be in  this Nation for the rest of our lives, so we better figure out a way to  work together on the issues that will impact us all.   I will greatly miss the opportunity to continue to serve with him. I  know his service to our Nation and our State is not finished. I know he  will find new endeavors. I know this simply because he is not one who  is going to sit back and rest and reflect. He is going to keep working.  I am excited to see what God's plans are for the rest of his years. I  believe there will be many more because, despite the differences in our  dates of birth--I am not saying he is old; I am saying he is older than  I am--he could probably still beat me--in fact, he probably could  always beat me--in a pullup contest or a pushup contest. This is  actually not an exaggeration. It is true, which is why I have never  challenged him to one. I will greatly miss working with him in the  Senate, but I look forward to working with him beyond it.   I will say this, and I think this is no exaggeration. When the  history of Florida politics is written, the name Bill Nelson will be  among the giants of Florida's political history, for few who have ever  served at any level have done more for a longer period in the service  of the people of the Sunshine State than the senior Senator who,  moments ago, bid his farewell to a place and a Chamber where he has  done so much good for our State, for our Nation, and for the world.   I yield the floor.   