 Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my remarks  begin at this point and not a minute or so ago.    Mr. President, as we all know, we have a constitutional  obligation as U.S. Senators to provide advice and consent to a  President's nominee. That is not advice and rubberstamp; it is advice  and informed consent.   I do my best to scrutinize each nominee on the merits, regardless of  party, and decide whether they deserve a lifetime appointment to our  Federal bench. During my 44 years in the Senate, I have actually voted  for more Republican nominated judges than almost all but one or two  Republican Senators in this body today.   The simple fact is, given Mr. Farr's track record of working to  systematically dismantle the franchise for thousands of African- American voters, Thomas Farr becomes one of the most controversial  nominees of either party I have ever encountered. Someone who has made  a career out of attacking a sacred constitutional right, indeed the  very right that gives democracy its name, simply does not belong on the  Federal bench.   Let's begin with his role on Jesse Helms' Senate campaign in 1990--a  campaign I remember very, very well. The Department of Justice alleged  that Senator Helms' campaign sent thousands of postcards to every  African-American precinct, falsely telling voters that they were  ineligible to vote and threatening prosecution against those who did.  Mr. Farr served as a top lawyer to Senator Helms at the time. He  appears to have misled Congress about his role in that brazen voter  suppression scheme. When Senate Judiciary Committee members asked Mr.  Farr whether he knew about or had provided any counsel on the decision  to send these postcards, Mr. Farr said he hadn't learned about their  existence until after they were mailed out, but a former DOJ official  has stated that Mr. Farr definitely knew about the postcards before  they were sent out and that Mr. Farr's responses to Congress were just  plain contrary to the facts.   Setting aside this outrageous attempt at voter suppression, each  Senator in this Chamber should care whether the President's nominees  tell the truth. If a nominee will not tell us the truth, especially  when they are under oath, then they are unfit to take another oath--the  oath of judicial office.   Mr. Farr's embrace of voter suppression appears only to have grown  after his work on the Helms campaign. In 2013, he chose to defend North  Carolina's racially restrictive voting law--a voting law that the  Fourth Circuit struck down because it ``target[ed] African Americans  with almost surgical precision.'' Undeterred, between 2014 and 2017,  Mr. Farr again defended North Carolina legislature in numerous lawsuits  alleging that it had racially gerrymandered its State house and senate  map. In each of these cases, higher courts found North Carolina's  gerrymandering to be unconstitutional.   There is a pattern here. It is deeply troubling. Mr. Farr has  dedicated his skills as a lawyer to suppressing the right to vote for  minorities. His refusal to acknowledge, under oath, his involvement in  disenfranchisement operations makes him doubly unqualified for the  Federal bench.   I urge all Senators who care about the right to vote and who care  about the right of this body to hear the whole truth from a President's  nominees, especially when they are under oath, to vote no on Mr. Farr's  nomination.   As a child, I remember going into voting booths with my parents in  Montpelier, Vermont, and watching them vote. They emphasized to me, my  brother, and my sister how important it was to be able to vote, that  democracy required it.   When our children were growing up, we said the same to them: Always  vote. No matter who you vote for, vote. It is a sacred right.   I have been in countries where people fought revolutions, had family  members die for their right to vote, but they all show up; everybody  who is left shows up when they can vote. I want to think that my  grandchildren will have the right to vote when they grow up, that all  of my grandchildren--no matter what color their skin is--have the right  to vote. That should be the same for everybody's child, everybody's  grandchildren in this country.   Mr. Farr doesn't think that should be the case. He does not think  people of color should be able to vote. That is wrong, and such a  person does not deserve my vote or any other Senator's vote to sit on  the Federal court.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time of  further quorum calls be equally divided between the two leaders.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   