 Madam President, reserving the right to object, I ask  unanimous consent for 2 minutes to articulate the basis of my concern.    Madam President, for reasons articulated by Justice Scalia  in his classic opinion in Morrison v. Olson, the prosecutorial  authority of the United States belongs in the Department of Justice.   The Department of Justice answers to the President of the United  States. Its principal officers consist of people appointed by the  President, serving at the pleasure of the President, after being  confirmed by the U.S. Senate.   This is a fundamental component of our liberty. The separation of  powers protect us. That doesn't mean we are always going to agree with  what every President in every administration does. But as Justice  Scalia explains, we cannot convert an office like this one--an office  like the previously existing Office of Independent Counsel--without  creating a de facto fourth branch of government, fundamentally  undermining the principle of separation of powers that is so core to  our liberty.   On that basis, I object.    I am very late for another meeting, but, yes, I will,  because I like my friend from Delaware.    No, it was not. At the time it was written, it was somewhat  novel; it was somewhat new. Since then, it has become a widely adopted  view--a view adopted by people across the political spectrum,  regardless of their political ideology.   I challenge every one of you to read it. It is right.    I am very late.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I stood before this body in March of this  year to protest our country's unconstitutional intervention in Saudi  Arabia's bloody war in Yemen. I was proud to stand with my colleagues,  Senators Sanders and Murphy, to file a discharge motion of our  resolution, S.J. Res. 54, which would remove U.S. Armed Forces from  Yemen.   At that time, members of the Foreign Relations Committee requested  additional time to study the issue and to debate the resolution in the  Foreign Relations Committee. The chairman of that committee, my friend  and colleague from Tennessee, Senator Corker, requested this with the  commitment to ``bring forth legislation to actually appropriately deal  with many of the issues relative to Yemen, Saudi Arabia, and  ourselves.'' So with that, the Senate voted to table the motion.   Since then, the committee has held a hearing on this issue and  introduced a separate bipartisan bill to address it, but no further  action has been taken.   So today, 8 months later, the bloodshed continues, still abetted by  the United States, even amidst further revelations of Saudi depravity.  It is long past overdue that Congress remove U.S. forces from Yemen, as  recent circumstances only confirm. Today, we have a chance to remedy  our course of action and to do what the Constitution and justice  demand.   The situation in Yemen is dire. The war has killed tens of thousands  of innocent civilians--human beings, lest we forget--each one of them  possessing immeasurable dignity and inherent worth. It has created  refugees, orphans, widows, and has also displaced countless families.   The numbers and the inhumanity are staggering--nothing short of it.  Since 2015, more than 10,000 civilians have died, and 40,000 have been  wounded. In an attack just a few months ago, a bomb was dropped on a  school bus that killed 40 young boys who were on a school trip and  wounded another 56 children.   What few Americans knew until recently is that the U.S. military has  actually been making the crisis worse by helping one side bomb these  innocent civilians. So how did we get entangled in this crisis to begin  with?   In March of 2015, Saudi Arabia launched a war against the Houthi  rebels shortly after the Houthis ousted the Saudi-backed government in  the capital city of Sanaa. The Obama administration, without consulting  Congress, quickly authorized U.S. military forces to provide  ``logistical and intelligence support'' to the Saudi-led coalition.  U.S. military support has continued since then, including midair  refueling, surveillance, reconnaissance information, and target  selection assistance. In other words, we have been supporting and  actively participating in the activities of war in Yemen.   But article I, section 8 of the Constitution states that Congress  shall have the power to declare war--Congress, not the President, not  the Pentagon, not someone else in the executive branch, not any other  part of government but Congress. The Founders could not have been any  clearer about this.   They did so with very good reason. The Founders set up our system of  government in such a way as to protect the people from the dangers  associated with the excessive accumulation of power in the hands of the  few. We know from experience and we knew then from our young Nation's  experience under British rule that bad things happen, especially on a  national level, when too few people exercise too much power and that  power goes unchecked. Nowhere is this more evident than in the case of  the power to declare war.   So the Founders placed that war power squarely in the legislative  branch, the branch where honest, open, and public debate is supposed to  happen and the branch that is held most accountable to the people  through elections at the most regular intervals.   As Alexander Hamilton pointed out in Federalist Paper 69, this power  would not be exercised by the executive branch so that it would be less  likely to be abused, just as it was when the King of England acted in  and of himself, by himself, to send his country--and ours, for that  matter--into war.   Now, some opponents of our resolution claim that our involvement in  Yemen is somehow constitutionally justified under the War Powers Act of  1973. This isn't true. It is true that the War Powers Act makes it  possible for the executive branch of government acting alone to use  Armed Forces in cases of emergencies and subject to certain limited,  defined time constraints. But the conflict in Yemen by no means--in no  way, shape, or form--constitutes a threat to the safety of American  citizens. Our involvement has far surpassed the allotted emergency time  constraint.   The Houthis, while no friends of ours, are a regional rebel group  that does not itself threaten American national security. In fact, the  longer we fight against them, the more reason we give them to hate  America and embrace the opportunists who are our true enemy in the  region--Iran. The more we prolong the activities that destabilize the  region, the longer we harm our own interests in terms of trade and  broader regional security.   The War Powers Act also states that the assignment of U.S. Armed  Forces to coordinate or participate in hostilities of a foreign country  constitutes a conflict of war. Some have argued that we have not been  engaging in hostilities and therefore have not violated the War Powers  Act, but this claim, too, falls flat on its face. We have specifically  aided the Saudi coalition with midair refueling and target selection  assistance. As Defense Secretary Jim Mattis himself said in December of  2017, our military is helping the Saudis ``make certain [they] hit the  right thing.'' In other words, we are helping a foreign power bomb its  adversaries. If that doesn't constitute hostilities, I don't know what  does.   Finally, some critics say that this resolution would somehow hurt our  efforts to combat terrorism in the region, specifically, al-Qaida and  ISIS. However, the resolution explicitly states that it would not  impede the military's ability to fight these terror groups.   In fact, the U.S. effort in Yemen has arguably undermined the effort  against al-Qaida's affiliates. The State Department's country reports  on terrorism for 2016 found that the conflict between the Saudi-led  forces and the Houthi insurgents has helped al-Qaida in the Arabia  peninsula--AQAP--and ISIS's Yemen branch to ``deepen their inroads  across much of the country.''   It appears that our involvement in Yemen accomplishes no good at  all--only harm, and serious consequential harm at that.   The situation in Yemen now poses a true humanitarian crisis. The  country is on the brink of rampant disease and mass starvation. An  estimated 15 million people don't have access to clean water and  sanitation, and 17 million don't have access to food. More innocent  lives are being lost every single day.   My position on this has not changed for the past 8 months, but with  the taking of another innocent life--that of Jamal Khashoggi--the  circumstances have only further deteriorated.   Intelligence suggests, despite his repeated denials, that the Crown  Prince of Saudi Arabia himself ordered the murder. Saudi Arabia's moral  depravity has only been made plainer.   This is not an ally that deserves our support or military  intervention on its behalf, especially when our own security is not  itself on the line. On the contrary, to continue supporting them in  this war would be bad diplomacy and undermine our very credibility.   U.S. intervention in Yemen is unauthorized, unconstitutional, and  immoral. We must not--we cannot--delay voting to end our involvement  and our support of Saudi Arabia any further. If we do, we have  ourselves to blame for our country's lost credibility on the world  stage, and, more importantly, our own consciences will bear the blame  for the thousands of lives that will surely continue to be lost.   The Founding Fathers had incredible wisdom in requiring these  issues--issues of American blood and American treasure--to be debated  and discussed between two equal branches of government. They understood  that matters of war and alliances must constantly be reconsidered and  reevaluated--and in an open, honest, and public manner.  [[Page S7163]]  That is one of our most solemn duties in this body, and it is the  opportunity that lies squarely before us today.   We owe it to the sons and daughters of the American people who put  their sons and daughters in harm's way to defend us. We owe it to their  parents and their families, and we owe it to ourselves, who have taken  an oath to uphold, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United  States.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the motion to discharge the  resolution.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   