 Mr. President, late this week or early next week, we will  vote on a bill called the Opioid Crisis Response Act.   This is a powerful piece of legislation for which our colleague  Chairman Lamar Alexander deserves great credit for shepherding through  the process, but he was, by no means, alone in doing so. This bill, as  he will tell you, represents the contribution of more than 70 different  Senators and 5 different standing committees of the U.S. Senate. That  takes a lot of careful work and a lot of determination. The bill is  bipartisan, as one would expect, and that, of course, would not have  happened without there having been intense collaboration. For those who  like to say that bipartisanship is dead in the U.S. Senate, this bill  and other bipartisan work we have done and will do is evidence that  that is simply false.   In 2017, President Trump declared the opioid crisis a national public  health emergency. Since then, we have seen 116 Americans die from  opioid-related overdoses daily, and in places like New Hampshire, that  death rate has been double the national average. In some places,  coroners have asked local funeral homes to help because there has just  not been enough room to store the bodies at the morgues. Let that sink  in for just a minute. Coroners are asking funeral homes to help store  the bodies because there is not enough room at the morgues because of  the 116 Americans who lose their lives to opioid addiction each day.   People of all races and ethnicities--regardless of gender--are dying.  Drugs, of course, do not discriminate. Even when people survive  overdoses, they often come back only to return to the prisons of their  addictions. Sometimes they rob, steal, or sell themselves in order to  get their fixes for oxycodone, hydrocodone, heroin, or fentanyl--all  opioids. Meanwhile, for the rest of their lives, their relationships,  their families crumble. Maybe they are looking for escape. Maybe they  are looking for some sort of meaning. Maybe they are veterans who are  self-medicating or they have mental diagnoses that simply go  undiscovered, and, thus, they try to medicate by resorting to alcohol  or, in this case, to opioids. Yet the result is always the same. Their  bodies can't handle the poison, and their minds' cravings can never be  wholly satisfied. That is how the breakdown begins.   Drug addiction and the carnage associated with it is, of course,  nothing new in our country. What is new are the types of drugs that are  being created by those who tinker with chemical formulas in order to  evade our current laws. What is also new is the extent of the tragedy.  Overdoses are going up in many places--so high, in fact, that the  average life expectancy for adult males in the United States has  fallen. As Christopher Caldwell wrote in ``First Things'' last year,  [[Page S6120]]  ``The death toll far eclipses those of all previous drug crises.''   The bill we will be voting on is our honest attempt to look this  crisis in the eye, not to shy away from the ugly reality. The  legislation tries, in several mutually reinforcing ways, to end what  Caldwell calls the ``artificial hell'' of those who are addicted. It  will supply States with critical funding. It will ensure that research  is expedited and that patients will have access to substance abuse  treatment. It will also improve detection and interdiction measures to  reduce the supplies of illicit drugs that are being funneled across our  southern border. I will return to the border in a moment and our  neighbor Mexico's role in this.   Part of the opioids package involves legislation I introduced with  the senior Senator from California, Mrs. Feinstein, called the  Substance Abuse Prevention Act. It is one of the critical pieces of  this broader bill we will be voting on. In addition to reauthorizing  lifesaving programs, it is aimed at reducing demand. Of course, supply  increases to meet the increasing demand, and we have to do something  about the demand side in order to deal with this problem.   It does this first by reauthorizing the Office of National Drug  Control Policy, which oversees the executive branch's efforts on  narcotics control by developing a national drug control strategy and  coordinating efforts with the States.   Second, it reauthorizes one of our Nation's most important programs  for preventing youth substance abuse and keeping drugs out of our  neighborhoods, the Drug-Free Communities Program.   Third, the legislation expands opioid and heroin awareness. Of  course, heroin is just one type of opioid. It also improves substance  abuse treatment and will hopefully result in prescribers of controlled  substances being better trained and educated on the potential harmful  effects of the drugs they are prescribing.   Finally, under our legislation, Senator Feinstein's and mine, the  Attorney General can also make grants available that focus on substance  use disorders. Some of these grants will be used to determine the  effectiveness of programs that pair social workers with families who  struggle with substance use disorders. We need to invest in programs  that actually work, that make a quantifiable, measurable difference. So  these grants will help.   Like the rest of the country, my State is no stranger when it comes  to opioid addiction. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse,  Texas deaths from heroin and fentanyl--its wicked cousin--have been  steadily increasing since 2010. These are real people we have lost, who  have real families and real lives. Cash Owen, from Austin, TX, was only  22 years old. When he went to Westlake High School in Austin, where my  daughters attended, he liked to cook for a hobby. He later overdosed on  heroin. His is just one example of another life lost to this terrible  scourge.   Obviously, I come from a border State and realize, when it comes to  stemming addiction, it is a two-way street. We need to do our part to  try to deal with the demand side and to also prevent illicit substances  from crossing our borders.   ICE--Immigration and Customs Enforcement--deserves a lot of credit  when it comes to fighting the opioid crisis in America. Despite some  politicians' bizarre and irresponsible calls to abolish the agency, it  continues to make great strides in protecting public health and public  safety. For example, ICE initiated 3,900 cases for human smuggling just  last year. It has arrested more than 4,700 members of transnational  gangs who moved people and drugs across our border into the United  States. It has seized more than 980,000 pounds of narcotics, including  drugs such as fentanyl, a synthetic opioid. As I said, it is a two-way  street.   Actually, fentanyl is worth dwelling on because it shows just how  implicated Mexico is in all of this.   Fentanyl was first developed as a synthetic painkiller and  anesthetic. It is 100 times more potent than morphine and up to 50  times stronger than heroin. What is happening is that enterprising drug  traffickers and designers are taking pure fentanyl and cutting it with  other substances--sometimes heroin, sometimes cocaine, and sometimes  methamphetamine. But sometimes amateurs use cheaper fillers and less  professional equipment, which makes the doses even more dangerous and  the people who take it more likely to overdose.   There remains a debate on just how much fentanyl comes to the United  States via Mexico. We know that some comes directly from places like  China through our national Postal Service, but a sizable percentage is  certainly snuck across our border, along with other illegal drugs, from  Mexico.   According to the San Diego Union-Tribune, Customs and Border Patrol  seized 355 kilograms of fentanyl at the San Diego ports of entry alone  in 2017. By the way, a kilogram is 2.2 pounds. They seized 355  kilograms of fentanyl at the San Diego ports of entry alone in 2017.   There are fentanyl routes that run through Mexican cartel strongholds  and head north across the border into the United States. They funnel an  estimated 80 percent of the drug across the border.   All this is to say that we here in the United States are not alone  because the Mexican Government has its hands full as well. Fentanyl  seizures inside Mexico have risen sharply, with just under a kilogram  seized in 2013 to more than 100 kilograms seized inside of Mexico last  year. According to government data obtained by InSight Crime, in the  first 6 months of this year, 2018, Mexican authorities seized 114  kilograms.   Of course, it is not just problems with fentanyl that we share; our  heroin problem in the United States is also tied directly to  The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Georgia (Mr. Isakson) and the Senator from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Toomey).   Further, if present and voting the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr.  Toomey) would have voted ``yea.''    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the remaining  votes in this series be 10 minutes in length.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia  (Mr. Isakson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Georgia  (Mr. Isakson).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Isakson) would have voted ``yea.''   