 Mr. President, I am here to join Ranking Member Nelson  and my colleagues to voice my opposition to James Bridenstine, who has  been nominated to be the next Administrator of the National Aeronautics  and Space Administration.   NASA is an agency that has been at the center of our Nation's modern  history and impacts the daily lives of millions of Americans. The world  watched in awe as Neil Armstrong took that first step onto the surface  of the Moon in July of 1969, wearing a NASA patch on his spacesuit.  Today, we marvel at photos of Pluto's surface, captured by NASA's New  Horizons mission in July of 2015. From the closest to the farthest  reaches of our own solar system, NASA is always there.   NASA is at a critical point in its history, and that is because the  United States is poised to unleash the next great feat of human  innovation as we look to unlock the true possibilities of space. To  accomplish these goals, we need a solid foundation, and that starts and  ends with the science conducted at NASA every single day. NASA's  mission involves not just revealing faraway worlds but investigating  the realities of our own. In order to truly do that, we need continued  scientific research of the highest caliber.   The scientists working at NASA today are among the very best in the  world. NASA, in partnership with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric  Administration, or NOAA, produces and analyzes the most robust data we  have on our planet's changing climate. The OCO-3 program monitors  Earth's atmospheric carbon levels. The CLARREO Pathfinder mission  measures Earth's atmospheric heat. The Deep Space Climate Observatory  satellite provides our scientists comprehensive data sets that are  crucial to understanding the vast changes that are underway on our own  planet this very second.   On NASA's website right now, there is a web page entitled  ``Scientific Consensus: Earth's Climate is Warming.'' On this web page,  based on NASA's vast collection of data, it continues, ``The impacts of  climate change are already occurring. Sea levels are rising, and snow  and ice cover is decreasing. . . . The warming climate likely will  cause more floods, droughts and heat waves. The heat waves may get  hotter, and hurricanes may get stronger.'' Those are NASA's words, and  we know them to be true because science has proved it.   NASA's science is the gold standard. Its scientific work is crucial  to our understanding the threat that climate change poses to our  Nation, our economy, and the health of all Americans and people around  the world. But Houston, we have a problem. NASA's science, NASA's  missions, and American leadership will all be in serious jeopardy if  James Bridenstine is confirmed to be the next Administrator of NASA.  Under his leadership, NASA would come to stand for ``not accepting  scientific advice.''   Congressman Bridenstine's record is one of questioning climate change  and undermining science. He has repeatedly questioned the scientific  consensus and the threats of climate change. Before changing his  website, it stated: ``Global warming theories should not drive national  energy policy without clearer evidence.'' Global warming isn't theory;  it is based on science. Unfortunately, Mr. Bridenstine's words do not  reflect the accepted science behind climate change, including the very  [[Page S2247]]  science that NASA has been collecting and needs to continue to collect.   Under President Trump, we know that fear is rampant across the  Federal Government among scientists. It is no surprise that the  environmental and scientific communities across the country are asking  that we vote down Congressman Bridenstine's nomination based on his  voting record and his clear denial of accepted science. If Mr.  Bridenstine is confirmed as the Administrator of NASA, he will bring  that fear to its scientists at a time when we need them more than ever.   It is not only his views on science that make him unsuitable to lead  NASA. NASA's workforce is comprised of more than 18,000 workers who  identify as gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender, and queer. NASA has  officially stated that ``diversity and inclusion are integral to  mission success.'' In a 2013 speech on the floor of the U.S. House of  Representatives, Congressman Bridenstine declared: ``Marriage exists to  bring a man and a woman together as husband and wife, to be a father  and mother to children.'' He has stated repeatedly that he would  support a constitutional amendment defining marriage as between one man  and one woman.   Congressman Bridenstine's personal views and voting record against  people who identify as LGBTQ should immediately disqualify him from  consideration for leading this diverse agency. NASA is an agency of  inspiration, an agency that showcases the very best of American ideals:  scientific integrity, innovation, diversity, fearlessness, resolve, and  hope. Mr. Bridenstine puts these ideals at risk and is not qualified to  lead this agency.   I urge my colleagues to oppose his nomination. I urge a ``no'' vote.   I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that floor  privileges be granted to Mary Schultz and William Goldsmith, both  fellows in my staff, for the remainder of this session.   