 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment calls on the Department  of Veterans Affairs to develop hospice care standards tailored to the  unique needs of Vietnam-era combat veterans. As Vietnam veterans grow  older, it is imperative that the VA has clear standards in place to  care for this group and future veteran populations.   By the VA's own estimate, there are approximately 6.5 million Vietnam  veterans. These veterans have unique medical and psychological needs  which must be identified and addressed, including lethal diseases  associated with Agent Orange exposure and a high prevalence of post- traumatic stress disorder, depression, and substance abuse.   As part of the fiscal year 2018 MILCON-VA Appropriations, Congress  directed the VA to submit a report identifying the unique challenges  faced by Vietnam veterans receiving specialized palliative and hospice  care and to develop best practices for hospice care specifically  tailored to Vietnam veterans. Unfortunately, the VA responded with an  inadequate two-page report that did not meet the reporting  requirements.   What the report did state is that there are over 4,000 community  hospice care providers maintaining their own resources and training  materials. This lack of cohesion indicates that the VA lacks consistent  protocols and clear standards for veterans' hospice care.   The report language for this appropriations bill addresses the VA's  Vietnam Veterans End-of-Life Care report, calling it woefully  inadequate, and requires the VA to redo it within 30 days of enactment.  However, as it is clear that the VA currently lacks consistent hospice  care protocols, I am instead calling on the VA to establish protocols  that will meet the needs of Vietnam-era veterans.   The VA must act now to implement clear and consistent standards of  care for our veterans in need of hospice care. Developing these  standards would also be beneficial for Iraq, Afghanistan, and Syria  combat veterans in the future.   We have a responsibility to ensure that our Nation's heroes are  receiving the care and benefits they deserve and have earned, and that  includes ensuring the VA has in place clear hospice care standards and  services tailored to the unique needs of these veterans.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   