 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week, Pope Francis released an  unprecedented document detailing what is wrong with our financial  system. That the Pope thought it was that important to weigh in tells  you a lot about where we are as a nation.   We have an economy, the Pope noted, that defines success by corporate  profits and measures time in quarterly earnings reports. That is not  how families think. Washington may think that way, corporate CEOs may  think that way, but families mark time in school years, in 30-year  mortgages, and in years left to save for retirement. That is why the  Pope called our current financial system ``an inadequate framework that  excludes the common good.''   Right now, working families are struggling in this country. The  economic statistics may look rosy, but they mask serious problems that  hold too many workers back and prevent entire communities from sharing  in that growth.   The Pope warned last week that ``work itself, together with its  dignity, is increasingly at risk of losing its value.'' Work is  increasingly at risk of losing its value. Our economy simply doesn't  value work the way it should.   Over the past 40 years, the link between productivity and wage  increases has eroded. Profits have gone up, CEO compensation has gone  up, worker productivity has gone up, but wages have been stagnant.  Workers simply don't get the help they should in compensation. Workers  simply don't share in the wealth they create for stockholders and the  wealth they create for executives and the wealth they create for CEOs.   Wages have ticked up a tiny bit recently, but, looking at the long  run, they have been largely flat. Think about this: If there are 100  people in the Galleries, if they are average--maybe they are, maybe  they aren't. If there are 100 people in the Galleries, 44 of them can't  afford an emergency expense of $400. Think about that. If they are a  $15-an-hour worker and their car breaks down and it costs $600, what do  they do? They go to get a payday loan, and we know what happens when  they do that. Forty-four percent of American adults can't afford an  emergency expense of $400.   This is even more troubling: One in four renters in this country  spends at least half their income on housing. If one thing goes wrong  in their lives--if their child gets sick--they are unlikely to have  sick leave or vacation days. So if their child gets sick, they either  send their child to school sick or they stay home with their daughter  or son and lose a day's pay. And if they are spending 50 percent of  their income on housing, what happens? They are likely to be evicted,  likely to be foreclosed on if they own their home and then their lives  really spiral down.   In light of all that, this Congress thought the best thing to do was  pass another giveaway to the big banks because Wall Street hasn't done  enough. This body can't help itself. They fall all over themselves. The  lobbyists going in and out of Leader McConnell's office, and the Wall  Street lobbyists--the White House increasingly looks like a retreat for  Wall Street executives. This body just falls all over itself. We always  have to help Wall Street. Over the next 7 or 8 years, 80 percent of the  tax-cut bill that was passed last year will go to the richest 1 percent  of the country, as if they need the help.   The giveaway to the big banks the President is going to sign tomorrow  comes on the heels of a $1.5 trillion--how much is a trillion? A  trillion is 1,000 billion. How much is a billion? A billion is 1,000  million. It was a $1.5 trillion deficit-financed tax cut for  millionaires and more likely billionaires who control one political  party in this body. It was tax cuts for billionaires and corporations  that ship jobs overseas. Apparently that is just not enough, so this  week, the House passed a bill loosening taxpayer protections on big  banks that received a combined $239 billion in taxpayer bailouts. Think  about that. It weakens stress tests for all large banks. It opens the  door to less oversight of foreign megabanks.   This bill also eliminates data-gathering that guards against mortgage  discrimination. We are bringing back redlining. There has been no  racial discrimination in housing in this country, apparently, so let  the banks and let the government that sometimes goes along with the  banks get that red pencil--it is done with computers now--and draw  around those neighborhoods so that those families--often people of  color but not always--can't get equal access to home mortgages.   The Congressional Budget Office, which is the independent,  nonpartisan scorekeeper, confirmed that this bill that just passed  would increase the likelihood of a big bank failure and a financial  crisis and would add $670 million to the deficit.   What problem exactly is this Congress trying to solve?   One of my favorite quotes is from Abraham Lincoln. He was in the  White House, and his staff wanted him to stay there and win the war and  free the slaves and preserve the Union. He said: No. I have to go out  and get my ``public opinion baths.''   When I go back to Cleveland, where I live, or when I see my grandkids  in Columbus or when I go anywhere else in the State, I go out and  listen to people, and I try to get these public opinion baths. Never  once have I heard somebody say: You know, Senator, with the problems we  have, the first thing we have to do is weaken regulations to help Wall  Street. I never hear that. The only people who say that are bankers and  a bunch of politicians who are all well compensated, who have very good  healthcare paid for by taxpayers, and who do what the banks want them  to do.   The FDIC--the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation--released new  data this week. Banks increased their profits by 13 percent over the  last year. Of those 100 people in the Galleries, how many of them got a  13-percent raise last year? Well, banks increased their already strong  profits by another 13 percent. It has happened almost every year this  decade, since Congress bailed out the banks 8 years ago. That 13  percent is not even counting the windfall profits they got from the  windfall tax bill. When they take the tax bill into account, banks  profits went up not 13, not 15, not 20, but 28 percent.   The banking sector bought back $77 billion worth of stock last year.  Do you know what that means? That is all about raising compensation for  the biggest stockholders and the CEO. The average bank teller in this  country makes $26,000 a year. Bank profits are up. CEO compensation is  up. They are all doing very well. They got a big tax cut. The average  teller makes $26,000.   At my high school reunion in Mansfield a couple of years ago, I sat  across the table from a woman with whom I graduated. She has worked as  a teller in a large, well-known bank for 30 years, and she makes  $30,000 a year. She has worked there for 30 years. But the bank CEOs  are doing very well--  [[Page S2896]]  millions and millions of dollars in compensation.   If these banks fail again, it will be those tellers, it will be the  middle manager, it will be the millions of other American taxpayers who  will be called on to bail them out. That is why we did Wall Street  reform--Dodd-Frank--several years ago. We passed a law that created  important protections for the financial system, for taxpayers, for  homeowners, to hold banks and watchdogs accountable and prevent another  crisis.   Do you know what? The day that bill was signed, the chief Financial  Services--do you know what the chief bank lobbyist in this city did?  The day it was signed, he said: ``You know, it is halftime.''   What does that mean? ``It is halftime'' means that you might have  passed this law that we didn't like--we, Wall Street--but we are going  to fight like hell to weaken the rules to implement the law. And once  we get a Republican majority and we have a majority leader and, further  down the hall, a Speaker of the House who does whatever Wall Street  asks them to do, then it will be time to come back and weaken the laws.   That is what happened with the election of this President and the  election of the majority leader and the Speaker of the House. It is  time to go back to Wall Street and say: How can we help you, sir? It is  almost always a sir.   Another bank lobbyist, when he talked about these negotiations, said:  We don't want a seat at the table; we want the whole table.   Wall Street greed knows no bounds. That is why it is a huge concern  that the White House looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives.  Special interests are getting the whole table. The President is signing  the big bank giveaway into law.   Here is the last point I want to spend a little time on. They are  trying to install yet another Wall Street nominee with the troubling  record of dismissing the harm Wall Street inflicted on Main Street-- Jelena McWilliams, who is listed as Ms. McWilliams of Ohio, my State. I  would like to support a fellow Ohioan. She hasn't really lived in Ohio  very long. I know she has moved back. But I would still like to support  a fellow Ohioan. She has been nominated to be the Chair of the Federal  Deposit Insurance Corporation, but she has never supported the need for  strong rules and tough supervision for the banking system.   At her nomination hearing, she declined to acknowledge the role that  excessive bank borrowing played in causing the 2008 collapse. What are  we going to do? On whom are we going to blame the bank collapse, the  economy going into the toilet, the fact that millions of Americans lost  jobs, millions of Americans had their homes foreclosed on, and billions  and billions of dollars were lost from seniors' retirement accounts? We  are going to blame that on them? Wall Street, of course, had nothing to  do with it.   Right now, the Fed is considering a proposal to weaken protections  and give a $120 billion windfall to the eight largest banks. Even  former Chairs and Vice Chairs of the FDIC appointed by Republicans, two  people I admire--Sheila Bair, who used to be chief of staff for Bob  Dole, appointed to the FDIC by President Bush and kept by President  Obama; and Thomas Hoenig, another Republican from the Kansas City Fed  and a Republican regulator--they have opposed this proposal. But Mrs.  McWilliams refused to do so.   On issue after issue--payday lending at banks, cost-benefit analysis,  the Volcker rule--she has shown no independence from this White House  that looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives.   The FDIC was designed to be independent and nonpartisan. We don't  need another rubberstamp from Wall Street's agenda on the FDIC board,  particularly when we have no commitment to move the nominations for  Democratic seats. We need independent thinkers at these agencies who  are willing to push back against a big-bank agenda.   Last week, Fed Vice Chair Randall Quarles gave a speech saying--just  as we predicted--the Federal Reserve wants to loosen rules on foreign  megabanks. So it is not just that we are doing favors for Wall Street,  but we are doing favors for these multi-decabillion or hundreds of  billions of dollars foreign banks. We decided to make it easier on  them.   Yesterday, former OneWest banker Joseph Otting announced that he  wants banks to get into the business of payday loans. They have always  said they have nothing to do with these payday loans. Well, they do.  Otting has other plans to gut the Community Reinvestment Act--a 40-year  old law that ensures that banks serve their communities. And we could  spend hours detailing what Mick Mulvaney is doing to the Consumer  Protection Bureau   In closing, I will go back to the Pope's message. He noted that  ``while most of [the financial industry's] operators are singularly  animated by good and right intentions, it is impossible to ignore the  fact that the financial industry . . . is a place where selfishness and  the abuse of power have an enormous potential to harm the community.''   A little selfishness, a little abuse can have massive consequences  when it comes to the financial system. Families in Ohio can't afford  that risk. It is our job to protect those families.   The Pope said: ``Those entrusted with political authority find it  difficult to fulfill to their original vocation as servants of the  common good.''   We should listen a little more to the people we serve, and we should  listen a little less to Wall Street. We should break the addiction to  Wall Street money. We should break our allegiance to Wall Street  interests. That is how we create an economy that values work and create  an economy that serves the common good and not corporate special  interests.   I ask my colleagues to vote against the nomination of Ms. McWilliams.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   