 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for  yielding.   Marcy, it is an honor to be on the floor this evening. We have joined  together many times to share a message for the American public about  the fight for what is right. No one leads that fight better than you.  We have assembled here to celebrate the extraordinary career of our  great colleague and friend from Ohio, my friend from Ohio, Marcy  Kaptur.    Marcy is a towering giant in the history of Congress. Her legislative  achievements are too numerous to count. Her work led the way in the  creation of the moving and so powerful World War II Memorial on the  National Mall. What great respect for our veterans. And that is who you  are, a respectful individual.   Marcy was one of the first Members of Congress to raise the alarm for  [[Page H1599]]  America's workers and industries facing unfair competition from trade  policies around the world.   She has been a champion of America's farmers, fighting tirelessly to  protect the rights of poultry growers and restore some balance to our  Nation's increasing consolidated meat industry.   She continues to be a champion and a visionary in the fight to bring  down skyrocketing prescription drug costs; to restore stability and  good sense to our financial system; and to save the Great Lakes and the  millions who rely on their resources from the harmful algal blooms-- blooms that threaten to poison their rich waters.   There is no Member in this or any Congress who is more committed to  serving the needs of her constituents and her district. While she has  proven to be truly formidable to her opponents, Marcy is as kind as she  is fierce.   In just a few days, this Sunday, March 18, Marcy will become the  longest serving woman in the history of the United States House of  Representatives. What a proud achievement. What a proud moment. What a  great moment in history to witness and share: 35 years, 2 months and 14  days, but who is counting?   Those numbers are the official numbers that surpass the record set by  former Massachusetts Representative Edith Nourse Rogers. Her enduring  service has met more than three decades whereby girls have grown up in  Ohio and all across America seeing that they, too, could serve and lead  in the United States Congress, an impressive example that my friend,  Marcy Kaptur, continues to set.   I am more than pleased and more than a little relieved to say that  Marcy is as passionate and driven as the day we met nearly a decade  ago.   As the longest serving woman remaining in either Chamber, God  willing, in a few years, Marcy will become the longest serving woman in  the history of the United States Congress. It is my great hope that I  will have the privilege to witness that historic moment, just as I am  humbled to share in this one.   I want to thank Marcy Kaptur for years of our friendship, our  collaboration, our conversations, our coaching--her coaching, I should  say--on the floor between votes and in Special Orders here on the floor  after session, and for always upholding the values we share in service  of the American people.   Speaking of values, we cherish the bond that we both hold with a  common Polish heritage, something that I know causes her heart to pound  nobly and boldly and proudly.   Marcy, you are a unique individual, a one-of-a-kind human being. You  are a living legend, a leader with a steel backbone, and a treasure of  this Congress and our great Nation.   We say thank you for your passion. We say thank you for your  intellect. We say thank you for your integrity, and we say thank you  for leading in the walk for justice, social and economic justice, so  that all people can be touched by your soulfulness and your kind and  loving being.   God Bless you. Congratulations.   