 Madam President, I am pleased to present the Military  Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies appropriations  bill for fiscal year 2019. This is a bipartisan bill that funds the  critical infrastructure for our Nation's servicemembers and their  families and takes care of America's 20 million veterans.   As in years past, this subcommittee crafted the bill in a truly open  and bipartisan and collegial way. The subcommittee took into account  the requests and preferences of all Members on both sides of the aisle  and balanced it with the administration's budget submission. Within  this framework, we have created a thoughtful and responsible path  forward for both Departments and our related agencies.   A lot of time and energy have gone into putting this legislation  together, and I thank Senator Schatz and his staff for working so hard  to address the needs of our servicemembers and veterans.   This bill provides $97.1 billion in discretionary spending, which is  $5.1 billion over last year's level. Within that, the Department of  Veterans Affairs is provided a new record level of resources at $86.4  billion in discretionary funding, which is $5 billion over last year's  level and $1.1 billion over the President's request. These resources  will provide healthcare and other important benefits earned by U.S.  servicemembers.   This bill provides $78.3 billion to support medical treatment and  healthcare, including $8.6 billion for mental health, including funds  to prevent veteran suicide; $861 million for the caregivers program;  $400 million for opioid misuse prevention and treatment; and $270  million for rural health initiatives.   The bill also includes funds to prevent veterans' homelessness,  invest in innovative medical research, eliminate the claims backlog,  provide for State extended-care facility construction, and support the  Board of Veterans Appeals' efforts to address the growing appellate  backlog.   The bill provides $10.3 billion to support military construction and  family housing needs--a $228 million increase over last year's level.  This will fund a total of 169 military construction projects that  restore warfighter readiness and increase the lethality of our  installations. These projects support beddown of new platforms, such as  the F-35 and KC-46, and provide investments that support nuclear  deterrence and air superiority. Pier replacements and dry dock  improvements will add capability and enhance mission readiness.  Improvements to airfields, ranges, and maintenance and training  facilities will contribute to current and future force readiness.   This bill provides resources to improve the quality of life for  servicemembers and their families. It provides $1.6 billion to provide  homes and related housing services to servicemembers and their families  living on installations around the world, $388 million to improve  schools, and $366 million for hospitals and medical clinics.   We were also able to address $498 million worth of construction  priorities identified in the services' unfunded priority lists, which  will allow the services to fund their highest priority unfunded  projects.   The bill contains $921 million for overseas contingency operations  and the European Deterrence Initiative to improve infrastructure and  facilities throughout the European theater to help our allies deter  further Russian aggression and address threats from the Middle East and  North Africa.   In summary, this is a good bill. It was reported out of committee  without a single dissenting vote, and I hope we will have unanimous  support when we vote on the final package. I ask my colleagues to  support this bill.   I thank Senators Shelby and Leahy for their support in putting this  bill together. Again, I thank Senator Schatz and his staff for working  with us in such a bipartisan and cooperative manner. Of course, I thank  all of my staff for all their efforts and the hard work it takes to put  something of this magnitude together.   With that, Madam President, I yield back.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Molly Marsh,  a fellow in Senator Alexander's office, and Megan Parrott, a fellow in  my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the  consideration of H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and  Related Agencies Appropriations Act.   