 Madam President, you can't say it any better than how the  Senator from Rhode Island has said it. He is a West Point graduate, was  a company commander, was the executive officer of a brigade--he just  told us, the 82nd Airborne.   He has seen what has happened to these young troops. They get their  pay, they go outside the gates, there are folks who want to give loans  to them, and then they run up rates as much as 100 percent and 150  percent. That is why we passed the Military Lending Act back in 2006,  to cap those rates at 36 percent. That is high enough, but it is a lot  less than the 150-percent rates given to these poor, unsuspecting  troops who are being taken advantage of.   As a former 82nd Airborne member, the Senator from Rhode Island has  just shared his personal experience of what would happen. Troops would  not show up for muster because suddenly their car had been repossessed  or they had people hounding them. What has happened over the years  since 2006, when we passed the bill, is, in fact, they found ways to  get around it. Now commanders are receiving harassment calls. They  found a way to get around the 36 percent.   What we want to do is lower it down to 24 percent. If someone cannot  do well in business when getting a return of 24 percent on what they  are loaning out, then they shouldn't be in business, and especially  they shouldn't be in business to take advantage of our U.S. military  troops.   That is why I have introduced the Military Lending Improvement Act of  2018. That is why it goes into more specifics. It not only lowers the  interest rate but ensures that auto loans are covered by the Military  Lending Act. Let's remove any ambiguity there--to prohibit creditors  from calling servicemembers' commanding officers or improperly  threatening action under the Uniform Code of Military Justice to  collect a debt from a U.S. military servicemember. It is commonsense.  It will show members of our military that the law will protect them and  will go after these shady lenders.   I urge all of our colleagues to support it. Obviously, this doesn't  have anything to do with partisanship. This is supporting the troops. I  urge our fellow Members of the Senate to work with Senator Reed and me  to get the CFPB leadership off the dime to protect our bravest from  financial scams. It is just mind-boggling that the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau that is set up for the purpose of protecting  consumers would now turn a blind eye to protecting some of the most  vulnerable who almost everybody in America would say we want to  protect. That is because there are the unscrupulous lenders.   We saw a lot of this in the early years of the wars of Afghanistan  and Iraq. When a servicemember was overseas in Operation Enduring  Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom, they were being scammed by the  payday, title loan, and other kinds of lenders, and they were being  charged those exorbitant rates. It is just morally wrong. That is what  brought the law in 2006, and now we need to update that law.   Back in 2006, there was a Department of Defense report that told the  story of one young servicemember who was charged $100 to take out a  $500 loan. Using the CFPB's formula, that equates to an annual  percentage rate of 520 percent. That servicemember was forced to take  out other loans. He had to do multiple rollovers to pay off the initial  $500. It snowballed into a cost of $15,000 when it was all said and  done. The servicemember can't pay that. So the law was passed in 2006,  but now we need to update it, and before we update it in law, we need  to get the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to act and to protect  the consumer.   The law says creditors ``may not impose an interest rate higher than  36 percent,'' and it says that specifically on servicemembers. There is  no ambiguity there. So the CFPB ought to enforce that law until we  update it with this new one. When you have to force a member of the  military to have to be concerned and harassed and taken away from his  duties and to file a complaint with the CFPB, it just ignores the law.  What is there to protect the very people we want to protect?   Indeed, this is a matter of right and wrong. Indeed, this is a moral  reason. Let's get the administration to enforce the existing law, and  then let's update that existing law with even tighter restrictions on  the lenders that are taking advantage of the very people we want to  honor and help, the people in uniform who are protecting this country.   I yield the floor.   