 Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to  the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition, and I want  to commend my friend from Wisconsin for correctly identifying one of  the strategic challenges that China poses, but I am concerned this  effort to amend section 1252 will make flawed language even worse.   The bill currently requires the President to provide a report to  Congress that outlines a strategy to respond to competitive and, at  times, malicious actions by China. In fact, my friend from Wisconsin  has outlined several instances where we have been successful in  ferreting out these actions all without his amendment being law.   So let me be clear, though, on the strategy. The strategy cannot and  should not always be only responding to China. The U.S. needs to  develop a proactive, assertive agenda to contrast with and to compete  with China. Rather than setting up actions that could restrict student  visa programs or suggesting that Chinese visitors are in the U.S. to do  the bidding of the Chinese Communist Party, Congress should be taking a  proactive approach consistent with our national security interests and,  importantly, our values.   Now, I don't want to dwell too much on what is called the Confucius  Institute in that issue, except to say that part of our response to  something like the Confucius Institute ought to be U.S. programs to  support Chinese language and culture programs for students in this  country, instead of outsourcing it. There is an example where we can go  on offense, instead of always responding or reacting to actions by  China. Schools that wish to have Chinese language instruction should  not have to rely on China for funding, as an example.   So I am deeply concerned the language in the underlying bill takes a  reflexive and a narrow-minded view of the real challenge posed by  China. Closing off our country is the wrong approach.  [[Page H4668]]    To use a football metaphor, closing off our Nation to foreign  investment and to students is thinking like a defensive coordinator and  not a particularly creative one. Instead, we need to think like a head  coach, developing new offensive and defensive strategies, a new  playbook revamping the old one.   So let me clarify. Going on offense is not just a reaction to China.  It represents a strategy to keep the U.S. engaged in the global  community. We should focus on multiple aspects of public policy:  education, foreign trade, investment, immigration, military  capabilities, innovation, and, of course, our bilateral relationship  with China. A smarter strategic plan would demonstrate to the world and  to the Chinese people the superiority of the U.S. model: democracy,  free and open elections, diversity, open markets, and a free press. We  should be exposing Chinese students to these values, making sure they  understand that they have a different choice.   This is what Congress should be working on, not adding new provisions  to an already flawed report. I urge my colleagues to oppose the  Gallagher amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time both  parties have left.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Judy Chu).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of  my time.   