 Mr. Chairman, I appreciate all those who have put so much  work into this, especially Mr. Katko of New York who has been  relentless in his battle to stop illegal fentanyls from coming in and  killing.   I rise today in support of H.R. 2851, the Stop the Importation and  Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues, also known as the SITSA Act of  2017. Now, this legislation will give law enforcement officials  additional tools to get and keep synthetic drugs such as fentanyl off  our streets in America.   On February 28, during our first of four legislative hearings on the  opioid crisis, we focused on finding ways to protect our communities  and the people who live in them and equip law enforcement with the  necessary tools to fight this deadly opioid epidemic that kills more  people than traffic accidents in America. During that hearing, the  chief of police from Syracuse, New York, Frank Fowler, talked about how  synthetic drugs tore apart his community. His call for this legislation  rings as true now as it did then.   After that hearing, we held a roundtable to hear from families who  had been directly impacted by this deadly crisis. Seated across that  table from me was Michael Gray. He bravely shared his family's story,  hoping that their loss would help spur Congress to modernize Federal  laws. He gave me a picture of his daughter, Amanda, and he gave me a  new one yesterday when I met with him and Amanda's brother.   This is Amanda Gray. She suffered from some mental illness and self- medicated with something you and I would know as heroin. She wasn't a  regular user. She was an intermittent user. The person who sold her  heroin knew that. Just this past January, Amanda bought some heroin.  What she didn't know was that it was not heroin. It has now been  determined not only was it--normally they cut fentanyl into heroin.  This had no heroin. It was all fentanyl.   Let me explain why that is so deadly. It is so potent that if you  took a saltshaker and sprinkled three or four or five or half a dozen  grains of salt on this podium and touched them, you would likely have  that fentanyl go through your skin, and you would fall on the floor  here in this Chamber. Unless one of our folks here in the Chamber or  one of the medics nearby had Narcan, naloxone, to resuscitate you, you  would die. Tragically, that is what happened to Amanda. She took what  she thought was heroin, and she died from 100 percent fentanyl.    That same night, her father recalls news reports saying additional  people in their city died. It is a fatal but common trend with illicit  fentanyl.    This illegal fentanyl that comes into our country from  foreign countries, generally through our mail facilities, has been one  of the deadliest waves of the opioid crisis to hit our Nation.   Representative Katko's bill will modernize the Controlled Substances  Act to create a new schedule of drugs that specifically concentrates on  the rapidly changing synthetic analogues of opioids such as fentanyl.   In doing this, we must make sure to keep particular attention on not  compromising important public health protections. A thoughtful  amendment was offered by our committee member in the Energy and  Commerce Committee, Morgan Griffith of Virginia, which ensures that  research and innovation will not be impeded by SITSA. Among other  issues, if an applicant is registered to conduct research with a  schedule I or II substance, they can continue to do that research that  they may be pursuing with a schedule A substance while their  application is being processed.   The bill we will vote on today is the result of bipartisan feedback  from two House committees as well as the collaboration of multiple  agencies within the Trump administration.    Mr. Chairman, this is a thoroughly thought-out bill. I  encourage my colleagues to support it to help stop the spread of deadly  synthetic opioid analogues.   Let us remember why we are here. It is children like Amanda and the  parents who survive them, the parents who got the worst call any parent  could ever get, and that is notifying them of the death of their child.  We are going to stop this from happening in America with the package of  bills we have going through the House and the Senate. Mr. Katko's work  on this is extraordinary as is the other members of the committee.   Mr. Chairman, I call for Members to support this legislation.   