 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, and I appreciate the  chairman's leadership in bringing this bill to the floor today.   I think the American people should be very pleased that this bill is  coming to the floor in the form that it is, because we are doing two  things here, Mr. Speaker, that I hear about from constituents all the  time in terms of the way Congress should work.   First, the Dodd-Frank Act was passed 8 years ago this July and has  been scrutinized by Congresses since that time on how it can be  improved. What are the implications of it? What are the unintended  consequences of it?   No section of this bill was talked about more than section 619, the  Volcker rule. So we are evaluating it, and we are bringing today a  bipartisan solution to something that regulators say is a problem,  bankers say is a problem, and our consumers and businesses have had the  unintended consequences of being hurt by, because it has not allowed  our capital markets to function efficiently.   So, first, Dodd-Frank is subject to review after it was passed. That  is something our constituents want. We know no law is perfect when it  is passed. It is not a piece of the true cross discovered by St. Helena  in Jerusalem. It is not part of the Rosetta Stone. It is subject to the  scrutiny of the people--our people--the American people.   Secondly, people tell me all the time: Why can't you be more  bipartisan?   So, Mr. Speaker, this is people's exhibit A of bipartisanship.   The Financial CHOICE Act that this House passed last year repealed  the Volcker rule. We believe it harms the capital market system of this  country. We believe it was an overreaction to the financial crisis.   We had members of the Obama administration who said that proprietary  trading didn't even contribute to the financial crisis. But set that  issue aside. We proposed repeal. Over in the United States Senate, they  passed the bill with two-thirds of the Senate, Mr. Speaker, to say that  the Volcker rule is not perfect.   Section 619 is not right, and they exempt community banks under $10  billion that don't have trading activity. They exempt them completely  in the U.S. Senate bill passed with two-thirds of the Senate. I think  all Americans know that two-thirds of the Senate agreeing on something  is shocking. They can't even agree that there are 24 hours in a day.   So this bill represents an improvement. This bill represents  bipartisanship. With my friend, Dr. Foster, we have worked from the yin  of full repeal to the Senate-exempt community banks. We have identical  language to exempt community banks in this bill, Mr. Speaker. That is  why we got a 50-0 vote in our committee. It is common sense.   But we add one feature that we think improves that Senate language,  and that is the heart of what is changed in this bill and the heart of  what Dr. Foster worked on, which is, how do we harmonize the  interpretation of this 1,000-page complex rule that our Federal Reserve  bank presidents don't understand and our current chairman said that  trading desks had to have a Ouija board to figure out how to do a  trade? So we want a standard, harmonized interpretation of this rule,  and that is what Dr. Foster and I propose today.   They have tried other ways. We have an Interagency Working Group.  They sit around, drink coffee, and figure out ways to harmonize stuff.  But they have failed. There were hundreds of questions submitted: How  do we interpret this rule? They could come up with 21 answers, Mr.  Speaker, out of hundreds submitted.   So for that reason, Dr. Foster and I suggest that the Federal Reserve  system be first among equals in interpreting this complex rule. Why?  Because they oversee all of the bank holding companies in the country,  the most complex institutions in the country. In my view, that is what  we need to do.   We are bipartisan. We have compromised. We have brought both sides  together. We have improved the bill. Like our chairman, I wish it were  repealed, but that is not possible right now. So we take a step forward  to make it a better rule that provides more certainty for market  makers.   If market makers have more certainty, Mr. Speaker, broker-dealers  under $10 billion or over $10 billion will have a more clear compliance  regime. Our towns and municipalities that require in their municipal  bonds having market makers and trading will get better prices, which  means our water and sewer systems are going to cost less when it comes  to the net interest cost. That is what we are trying to do, is improve  our capital markets and let our companies have more market makers.   So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I thank  Dr. Foster for his support, and I thank the chairman for bringing it to  the floor.   