 Mr. Speaker, first, I want to congratulate  Chairman Frelinghuysen and Ranking Member Lowey for their incredible  patience and deft negotiating to bring us to this point. I also want to  thank Ranking Member Debbie Wasserman Schultz for her rock-solid  support and keen analytic eye. I also think we need to remember Mr.  Charlie Dent, who retired early from this committee. He was the  chairman and had a strong hand in the product that came out here today.   I am pleased to describe for my colleagues the good news in the  Military Construction-VA division of the minibus.   We are able to provide long overdue support to our military and their  family members, with a total of $10.3 billion for military  construction, which is an increase of $241 million, or 2.4 percent,  above FY18 levels. With that funding, we are able to provide $465.3  million for the Guard and Reserve components' projects in 20 States and  territories, $352 million for two medical facilities, $267.5 million  for five DOD schools, and just over $8 billion for military  construction projects in the U.S.   Members will appreciate that we are able to provide $693.2 million in  unfunded requirements requested by the services, which includes $100  million for upgrades for antiterrorism and force protection at military  installations.   The bill also includes $921.4 million in OCO funding, an increase of  $171 million over FY18.   Our bill fulfills Congress' commitment to our Nation's veterans with  total discretionary funding of $86.5 billion for the Department of  Veterans Affairs, a $5 billion, or 6.2 percent, increase over 2018.  These funds provide important medical services to veterans, to include  supporting the new and expanding programs resulting from the recently  passed MISSION Act, as well as disability compensation, post-9/11  education benefits, and a host of insurance and lending programs.   Of note, we were able to provide $1.1 billion for the new electronic  health record contract, the same record as DOD's, which will allow the  exchange of veterans' health records with DOD and community providers.    In addition, consistent with the budget caps  agreement, the bill includes $2 billion in medical infrastructure  assistance: nonrecurring maintenance, seismic improvement activities,  major construction, and minor construction.   I urge an ``aye'' vote on the package. Help us do the right thing for  our servicemembers and veterans and their families who have given so  much.  [[Page H8243]]    I would also be remiss in not thanking all those involved in the  committee work to get this bill forward. I am very grateful we had a  conference.   