 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairwoman Jenkins for  yielding the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First  Act.   As I travel around my district, one of the common concerns that I  hear and complaints that I hear is that the IRS is not user friendly,  that it is not attentive and isn't efficient, effective, and  accountable. We do a lot with this bill here today to change that. This  is a good piece of legislation.   I would like to thank Chairwoman Jenkins as well as Ranking Member  Lewis for their hard work and leadership throughout the drafting of  this legislation.   Over the past several months, the House Ways and Means Committee and  the Oversight Subcommittee, in particular, on which I serve, have  focused on finding bipartisan legislative solutions which will make  much-needed changes at the IRS. Ensuring an efficient, accountable, and  transparent IRS is key to restoring the trust between taxpayers and the  agency. It is also necessary for effective implementation of our  reformed Tax Code.   We have a responsibility to provide taxpayers with the tools and  resources they need to make filing their taxes simpler, which was also  a major goal of tax reform.   We must ensure that the IRS puts customer service first so that  taxpayers can have confidence that their information is protected and  that we upgrade the IRS technology for the 21st century.   Unfortunately, it has been over 20 years since major reforms were  made to the IRS, but through the passage of this legislation and others  on the floor this week, we have an opportunity to finally bring about  these changes.   I am also pleased that the Taxpayer First Act includes H.R. 5342, the  Improving Assistance for Taxpayers Act, which I authored and introduced  as part of this process.   Currently, the Office of the Taxpayer Advocate, located within the  IRS, represents taxpayer interests and helps address both individual  and systemic issues at the agency.   When it comes to addressing systemic issues, the Taxpayer Advocate  can issue what is called a Taxpayer Advocate Directive. Unfortunately,  these orders are not always responded to in a detailed and timely  manner or even addressed at all.   My bill aims to improve this process. Specifically, the IRS would be  required to respond to Taxpayer Advocate Directives within 90 days. We  also establish an appeals process when the advocate deems necessary. If  detailed and timely responses are not provided, the Taxpayer Advocate  must report such instances to the Congress. These changes will improve  accountability and ensure substantive and timely answers for taxpayers  dealing with an issue at the IRS.   Mr. Speaker, after two decades and with a new Tax Code to be  implemented, the time is now to improve the Internal Revenue Service  through these bipartisan and commonsense reforms. We need to continue  our work in putting taxpayers first, and I urge my colleagues to join  me in supporting H.R. 5444.   