 Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I thank Ranking Member  Velazquez and Chairman Chabot for their leadership in the Small  Business Committee, and the colead in this bill, the Congressman from  South Carolina (Mr. Norman).   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6368, Encouraging Small  Business Innovators.   Mr. Speaker, access to capital remains limited for underrepresented  minority- and women-owned small businesses. I hear this concern from  many in New York City whose ventures in science and technology are full  of promise and potential for success.   However, a 2013 report commissioned by the Small Business  Administration found that women-owned businesses do not have equal  access to capital from the private sector as compared to their male  peers. The Small Business Administration's own Office of Advocacy has  said that ``there are fewer minority-owned businesses representing  high-patenting industries than in all industries.''   Through the Small Business Innovation Research and the Small Business  Technology Transfer programs, the Small Business Administration works  with partners in 11 Federal agencies, ranging from agriculture to NASA,  to support small businesses, and especially those that are minority and  disadvantaged owned.   These programs are committed to fostering and encouraging  participation and innovation and entrepreneurship by socially and  economically disadvantaged individuals and expanding private-sector  commercialization of innovations resulting from federally funded  research and development. But this is limited only to research and  development. There is no consideration given for testing and  evaluation.   What good is a product or a method when you don't know if it works  effectively, efficiently, or can be used in variable ways?   H.R. 6368 addresses this problem by including testing and evaluation  among the activities that SBIR and STTR participants can apply for.  This is how we can encourage more underrepresented entrepreneurs and  their expertise into a process where they can  [[Page H8810]]  develop new products, ideas, and gain respected external validators.   H.R. 6368 also incentivizes mentorship with previous SBIR and STTR  companies that have found success in the programs to share and impart  that knowledge and experience.   Today's bill is endorsed by the National Defense Industrial  Association, an association whose majority are small businesses.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  legislation.   