 Madam President, I think by any standard, as we conclude  this Congress, the House and Senate, working together, have put more  legislation on the President's desk that has long-term impact than at  any time in a long time, whether it was the opioid legislation or  healthcare research funding.   I want to talk a little bit today about the Federal Aviation  Administration extension that, just last week, the Senate passed and  the President signed. I believe the 5-year reauthorization is the  longest reauthorization since the 1980s. So the traveling public, the  FAA itself, the Department of Transportation, and the airline carriers  of both people and freight have an understanding of what the next 5  years should look like.  [[Page S6780]]    One of the things that will happen during the time that begins right  now--the Senate and the House listened and the President listened to  the traveling public about their concerns about what happens on  airplanes and in airports. This is a bill that I worked on in the  Aviation Subcommittee, along with Senator Cantwell, Senator Thune, and  Senator Nelson. We worked for almost 2 years to get this bill to where  it was when the President signed it, to address the safety, security,  and comfort of the traveling public.   In the wake of consumer complaints about the shrinking seat size on  airplanes, the law directs the FAA to set minimum legroom standards and  width and length requirements for airline seat size to ensure passenger  comfort and safety. I think all of us have had some experience with  seeing seats get smaller all the time. Like every other Member of the  Senate, when I am flying back and forth every week, usually in one of  those coach seats, somebody says: I thought you came back and forth on  a private plane. Actually, only a few Members--maybe less than a  handful--are able to do that. Most of us fly just like everybody else  does, with no particular benefit. But you can sense those seats getting  a little smaller and the legroom getting a little tighter. We have  given new responsibility for the FAA to set standards, so the traveling  public knows somebody is paying attention to them and how long they are  going to be in that seat and what it is going to be like when they are  there.   We also have a provision that you can't take somebody off an airplane  once they have been allowed to board because you somehow oversold. If  somebody is on that plane, they can't be taken off that plane unless  they agree to be taken off that plane or the passenger acts in a way  that the safety and security and the health of other passengers could  be a problem. So there is no more involuntarily bumping of passengers  who are on a plane.   The law prohibits placing live animals in overhead compartments. More  and more people seem to travel with pets, and people have had bad  experiences with that in the last few years. So overhead storage is not  appropriate storage any longer for your pet if you are traveling with a  pet.   It also sets minimum standards for service animals that are allowed  on flights. We all see that more all the time, too--a pet not in a cage  but important to the individual who has a service animal. Many veterans  now have a service animal. There are now standards on what that animal  can be and how it has to behave on a plane.   It bans in-flight cell calls. If you have ever sat by somebody before  the plane takes off and learned way more about them than you want to  know, you can imagine what it would be like if you had to learn way  more about them based on every call they could make all the time you  were flying. So that is not going to happen. The next time you are on  the ground and somebody continues to talk until they are told they  can't do that any longer, just be grateful that can't continue once the  plane gets in the air for the whole time of the flight, which would  technically have been allowed with Wi-Fi or whatever allowed that phone  to be connected. That is not going to be the case now.   Airline fees have changed. I don't like airline fees. Most people  don't like airline fees. But if you pay a fee and you don't get the  service--if you pay for a seat assignment that doesn't work out to be  the kind of seat you paid for or early boarding, and that didn't happen  or baggage that somehow wasn't handled the way your special fee was  charged--the airlines now have to keep track of that and get you that  money back as soon as they reasonably can or face a penalty.   The law requires air carriers to submit to the Department of  Transportation a one-page summary of passengers' rights, including  compensation for flight delays, cancellations, and mishandled bags.  Every airline has to have that available for you to look at.   By the way, the Department of Transportation is going to have a  Consumer Aviation Advocate. There will now be somebody at the  Department of Transportation--it will be their job, their only job, to  respond to you; they and their team will respond to you if you have had  a problem on an airline and want to see what can be done about it.   Provisions are included to address disability issues on planes,  whether restrooms are accessible, whether anything happens that would  harm a disabled passenger or damage their wheelchair or the other aids  they have.   We have a 3-year reauthorization of the Transportation Security  Administration. There are some real needs there in both TSA Precheck  and TSA generally that are met with this. One of those needs is more  access to dogs. We all see dogs in airports, but every study since 9/ 11--and there have been a lot of them--indicates that nothing is more  effective than a dog for finding most of the things you are looking  for. Some of us have gone through security lines lately where the line  moves pretty fast, but a dog checks everybody in that line. We will see  what happens there, but dogs generally are doing the kinds of things  that need to be done.   So whether it is the FAA Reauthorization Act or America's Water  Infrastructure Act, which we passed yesterday--I think the vote on that  was 99 to 1, but that doesn't mean it was easy to get it to the floor,  and it doesn't mean it normally gets done by a Congress. But that has  happened as well.   The insurance policies that Democrats voted to take away yesterday  have been mentioned here this morning. Those short-term health policies  were available until the very last days of the Obama administration. I  don't know the reason the administration had to suddenly decide that it  didn't want that ability that several hundred thousand--maybe a couple  of million--people had to get short-term coverage at a rate they could  afford. For people in a job transition or something else, those were  available that entire time.   The Urban Institute says that 1.5 million people who otherwise would  have no insurance will be able to have insurance under those short-term  policies. The policies under the Affordable Care Act are still  available; they are still subsidized; they still do everything that is  the maximum of ObamaCare. If that is what you want to have,  particularly if you are subsidized in that marketplace, that is  probably where you should be. But a lot of people aren't, and a lot of  people don't have immediate access, and a lot of people are in  transition.   The Urban Institute is not normally seen as a conservative watchdog,  but they said that 1.5 million people will have insurance with these  policies, which will continue to be available for people who wouldn't  have insurance if they hadn't have been. So you can say anything you  want to say. You are entitled to your own opinion, but you are not  entitled to your own facts, and I think the facts on the vote we took  this week on those short-term policies are pretty clear.   I yield the floor.   