 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the Senate has developed a bad habit.  That bad habit is treating Presidential nominees as innocent until  nominated. I hope to see better behavior during the next few weeks as  the Senate begins hearings on President Trump's nomination of Judge  Kavanaugh to be a member of the U.S. Supreme Court. Instead of treating  Judge Kavanaugh as someone recently released from San Quentin prison, I  hope we treat him with dignity and respect so Americans can better  understand his temperament, his intelligence, and his character. That  is what we should want to know about a Presidential nominee for the  Supreme Court.   The current rudeness is a recent phenomenon. Historically, Senators  have recognized that bipartisan approval of qualified nominees helps  improve the esteem of the Court. It confirms its impartiality. It  strengthens it as an institution. For example, conservative Justice  Antonin Scalia was confirmed unanimously by this body even though he  was perhaps the most conservative Justice on the Court. On the other  hand, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was confirmed with only three votes  against her even though she may arguably be the most liberal Justice on  the Court. Both were obviously well qualified, of good character, high  intelligence, and good demeanor, and therefore the Senate--unanimously  in one case and with only three ``no'' votes in the other case-- confirmed the President's nominees.   More recently, half the Democratic Senators voted to confirm  President Bush's nominee Chief Justice John Roberts. In 2014, I voted  to confirm President Obama's nominee, Sonia Sotomayor, not because I  agreed with her but because I thought she was obviously well qualified  for the position.   Some Senators insist that Judge Kavanaugh should tell them how he  might decide a case. That reminds me of a story from Senator Howard  Baker, the former majority leader of the U.S. Senate, who was a  practicing lawyer in the mountains. He said he was once before a  mountain judge who told the lawyers right before the case: ``Boys, just  give me a little bit on the law. I had a telephone call last night, and  I pretty well know the facts.'' Judges aren't supposed to decide a case  in advance. That is why we have judges--to create an impartial judicial  system.   Justice Ginsburg said during her confirmation that she would give  ``no hints, no forecasts, no previews'' of what her legal views might  be if she were to be confirmed. This rule is now known as the Ginsburg  rule. Justices are supposed to follow the law and decide cases when the  cases are presented, not before Justices are confirmed or while they  are being confirmed.   Of course, a Justice's opinions and decisions can be surprising. That  has been true throughout the history of the Supreme Court. President  Franklin D. Roosevelt was often surprised by Justice Felix Frankfurter.  Justice Scalia once ruled that a government ban on flag-burning  violated the First Amendment. Scalia also said that ``the judge who  always likes the results he reaches is a bad judge.''   In 2006, I voted for Judge Kavanaugh when he was President George W.  Bush's nominee for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of  Columbia Circuit.   Last month, I attended President Trump's nomination of Judge  Kavanaugh at the White House. It is said that you only get one chance  to make a first impression, and Judge Kavanaugh certainly took  advantage of his one opportunity that night.   I was again impressed with Judge Kavanaugh when I visited with him in  my office a few weeks ago. We discussed federalism, how to strengthen  the Supreme Court as an institution, and other matters. Never once did  I ask him how he might vote on a particular case.    I will not announce how I will vote on his nomination until the  hearings are complete. Some Democratic Senators have already announced  their opposition to Judge Kavanaugh. I wonder, why have a hearing? Why  ask for more records to examine if you have already decided how you are  going to vote?   During my 8 years as Governor of Tennessee, I appointed probably 50  judges. In doing so, I looked for the same qualities I will look for in  considering the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh: intelligence, character,  temperament, respect for the law, and respect for those who come before  the Court. I did not ask one applicant to be a Tennessee judge, of that  entire 50, how he or she might rule on abortion or immigration or  taxation. And political party membership was far down my list of  considerations when I had the job, as the chief executive of a State,  of appointing judges.   I hope the Senate will return to the practice of inquiring diligently  about the qualifications of a nominee, about intelligence, about  character, about temperament, and get away from this bad habit of  treating Presidential nominees for the Supreme Court as if they had  just been released from San Quentin and as if they were innocent until  nominated.   I thank the President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   