 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, September is National Rice Month. In  Arkansas, this is certainly reason to celebrate. My home State has the  proud distinction of being the Nation's leader in rice production,  producing about half of the U.S. rice crop in America. Arkansas rice  producers not only provide a safe, reliable food source that helps feed  the world but also helps drive the State's economy.   Arkansas rice farmers support nearly 15,000 jobs and, on average,  contribute $2.3 billion to the State's economic output. Rice milling  operations and forward market linkages in Arkansas account for more  than $3 billion in total output of goods and services.   These are impressive numbers for an integral component to Arkansas'  economy and part of the reason why the industry was recognized by Gov.  Asa Hutchinson, who signed the Rice Month proclamation in early  September. As a leader in production, Arkansas rice farmers have a  unique role in the industry and in the ongoing research to support its  continued success in the State.   The University of Arkansas System Division of Agriculture is a  leading research entity on rice production. Its Rice Research and  Extension Center is recognized worldwide for developing solutions to  the challenges facing producers, establishing techniques and best  practices that help advance the rice industry.   The strong partnership between education and industry is crucial to  leveraging the investment made in rice research. This cooperation helps  improve the rice crop and increase farmers' yields, as well as makes  rice production more efficient.   This collaboration is also seen in conservation efforts. Rice farmers  are leaders in sustainability. Over the last two decades, rice  producers have been able to increase their yields by more than 50  percent, with improved quality, while reducing land use by 35 percent,  energy use by 38 percent, and water use by 53 percent.   In addition to being good stewards of the environment, rice farmers  provide critical habitat for ducks and other waterfowl. Organizations  like Ducks Unlimited have formed a relationship with rice farmers  through the Rice Stewardship to improve conservation practices that  help shape the habitat for waterfowl. Flooded rice fields have become  great locations for hunters. When these outdoorsmen visit Arkansas to  take advantage of our natural resources, they pump money into our local  economies.   As a duck hunting destination, it is critically important that we  protect waterfowl habitats in Arkansas so we can continue to attract  sports men and women to our State.   Congress can help our rice farmers continue these good practices by  passing a farm bill that includes our robust conservation title.   During my annual ag tour in Arkansas last month, I visited with rice  farmers, researchers, and rice industry leaders. They shared with me  how the farm bill can work better for them. We can improve crop  insurance to make the policy work better for our rice farmers. They  need a strong farm safety net, and they asked that Washington protect  the markets they have and work to open new markets like trade with  Cuba.   I am proud to craft and promote policies that help our rice farmers,  and I will continue to be an advocate for the industry. This month is  the perfect time to celebrate the rice industry and the many positive  contributions it makes to Arkansas.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   