 Mr. Speaker, I listened to my friend from  Pennsylvania talking about bipartisan opportunities, things we agree  on. You know, the railroad tax credit is something that we could have  done in a heartbeat, but unfortunately, it is wrapped into a really  embarrassing piece of legislation, which is a fitting symbol to the  wrap-up of 8 years of Republican rule of the House Ways and Means  Committee.   We are in the process of again making the Tax Code more complex,  which they have done every year they have been in control: talk about  tax simplification, make it more complex.   Those complexities were for people who actually needed it the least.  We have lavished massive tax cuts on the most well-off in this country  and done nothing to reduce the growing income inequality.   They have assaulted the Affordable Care Act and actually put it at  risk.   I hear about the improvement of IRS customer service. For 8 years,  they have assaulted the IRS in their war against taxes, and they have  used taxpayers as the hostages. Employees there haven't had the  resources to be able to deal meaningfully with the ever-increasing Tax  Code to help taxpayers with their premiums.   They have had no time to listen to the American public. You have seen  major tax bills after major tax bills with no public hearings, no  expert witnesses, no opportunity to really try that bipartisanship.   Mr. Speaker, I reflect now on our friend Paul Ryan, who is leaving  office, and what a sad note to end on. The Federal Government in  November spent twice as much as it took in.    Mr. Speaker, after hearing Paul Ryan talk for years  about deficits on the Ways and Means Committee and on the Budget  Committee, he leaves a legacy of exploding deficits. You talk about  burdens for our children: $2.3 trillion extra of national debt.   Think for a moment: We can't balance the budget when times are as  good as they are and unemployment is as low. We have had 8 years of  increasing employment.   I was just in the Cloakroom while Donald Trump was spouting off on  TV, and I was watching as the Dow Jones plunged over 500 points. It is  a verdict on the reckless Republican leadership in tax and spending,  and they are leaving Democrats with serious problems to address.   But I know, under our chairman and Democratic leadership, we will at  least listen to the American public.    Mr. Speaker, we will allow the public to know what we  are voting on, and we will actually be able to start building on the  foundation of things that make a difference: rebuilding and renewing  America, closing the income gap, allowing those most fortunate in our  economy to be able to pay a little more so that we don't have to  sacrifice services for the elderly, the poor, and students, and be able  to rebuild and renew this country.   I am looking forward to that opportunity for Democrats to take  control, and this sorry Congress cannot end fast enough.   Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of this proposal.   