 Mr. President, I rise to speak on the same topic on which  my friend from Pennsylvania just spoke. I want to thank him for laying  out the rationale for this vote. I also thank Senator Flake for his  efforts. I know Senator Alexander, the senior Senator from Tennessee  and my friend, will speak on this topic in just a few moments. I do  hope we will have an overwhelming vote for this motion to instruct. It  is just a step in the direction that we would like to go relative to  Congress's role.   Section 232 of the Trade Act was never intended to be used the way  this administration is using it. The Senator from Pennsylvania laid out  the fact that this certainly is not being imposed for national security  reasons. As a matter of fact, the White House has said loosely on many  occasions that they are only using section 232 in order to try to  create some kind of leverage on NAFTA. I don't understand how putting  tariffs in place on our allies in Europe has anything to do with NAFTA.  I don't understand how putting tariffs on our neighbors has anything to  do with combating what China is doing in stealing our intellectual  property, and I know the Presiding Officer knows full well what is  happening there. We do need to counter that kind of activity, and I  don't know if we are doing it in the best way now.   This is an abuse of Presidential authority. It is an abuse of  Presidential authority. What I hope is going to happen today is that,  in a bipartisan way, in an overwhelming vote, we are going to pass this  motion to instruct, moving Congress into its rightful role as it  relates to this issue.   The reason the President, by the way--for those of you who may not be  following this closely--is invoking section 232 is that under 232, no  one has really an ability to oppose it. I mean, with the China  tariffs--and this has nothing to do with the China tariffs that are  being imposed today and that were recently imposed. They go under  different sections of the Trade Act where you have to actually make a  case for what you are doing. In January, the President used section 201  of the Trade Act, but he has to make a case to be successful there. He  recently used section 301 on China tariffs. Again, this particular  motion has nothing to do with China tariffs, but he has to make a case  for that. He has to deal with the World Trade Organization and ITC.   Section 232--basically, he can just wake up and decide he is going to  use section 232, the way it is now written. It has never been used in  this manner by any President ever, but if we have a situation where we  set up a rules-based society in dealing with trade, and any executive  officer of a country can wake up and one day decide they have a  national security issue and have to make no case, then, in effect,  treaties relative to trade have no effect. You move into a place of not  using rules to implement trade.   Now, as the Senator from Pennsylvania mentioned, our country has  benefited greatly from trade. The State of Tennessee is one of the  destinations for foreign direct investment in our country. It is a  place where we export all around the world. And what the President is  doing is shaking the very regime by not being able to even articulate  where he is going.   The Senator from Georgia is my friend, and he has worked all around  the world, and I am surprised that he would oppose Congress having a  role only when section 232 is utilized. But the fact is that Congress  should have a role.   We gave this authority away in the 1960s and again in 1974. It was a  mistake for us to have done that. We never expected the President of  the United States to use 232 in the way it is being utilized today.  This is a vote for Congress to assume its rightful role. It is a baby  step.   I hope to have legislation coming behind us where 15 Senators-- Republicans, Democrats, and an Independent--have come together on a  piece of legislation to absolutely ensure that Congress has a role.  This is just a motion to instruct to say that we agree that Congress  should have a role when 232 is invoked. We will decide what that role  is down the road.   I urge all Senators to support this motion.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I have a motion to instruct conferees at  the desk, and I ask for its immediate consideration.    Madam President, I rise to speak in favor of this motion,  where Congress would have an appropriate role in section 232 of the  Trade Act as invoked on national security grounds. This is something  that anybody who supports the Senate playing its proper role should  support.   I thank Senator Toomey, Senator Flake, and 15 other Senators who  supported this overall effort. This is a baby step in a good direction  for the U.S. Senate and for our country.    Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I  report favorably the following nomination list which was printed in the  Record on the date indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the  expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that this nomination  lie at the Secretary's desk for the information of Senators.   