 Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to rise in  support of the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area  designation.   This is a project that has been completely collaborative throughout  the region. I think it is a great example of how to get things done. It  was various government officials working with the private sector, all  with the same goal, and that is to preserve open spaces in the Puget  Sound area.   This is a very difficult thing to do. We are growing rapidly,  businesses are  [[Page H5607]]  popping up all over the place, and that is great. But the other thing  about the Pacific Northwest that everybody loves is the ability to get  outdoors and fish, hunt, hike, and basically enjoy the beauty of the  Pacific Northwest. This group came together to make sure that we can  preserve that, even in the face of such massive growth.   It wasn't done by government fiat. It was done by working together  with private landowners, tribes, and all of the interested stakeholders  to say: ``We have a mutual interest in preserving open spaces for the  better enjoyment of all of us in our community,'' and that is how the  Mountains to Sound Greenway was born.   This is an incredibly successful collaborative effort. I am pleased  to have the Federal Government put its stamp on it as a national  heritage area. It definitely deserves that. It will help the process  moving forward as they continue to make sure that they preserve these  open spaces for the enjoyment of all people in the Puget Sound region.   I also want to particularly thank Congressman Reichert for his  leadership on this issue. He has been working on it for a number of  years, and it has been a true bipartisan effort. People ask me all the  time, basically: ``Don't you guys work together on anything?''  referring to Democrats and Republicans in general, not to Dave and me  specifically.   I have been pleased to work with Dave for, I guess, 14 years now that  he has been in Congress--I worked with him before when he was the King  County sheriff--and it has been a great working relationship. Whenever  people ask me that question, I am very pleased to know that, right next  door, I have got Congressman Reichert. I say: Well, Dave and I work on  a whole bunch of different things. We have over the years, and this is  certainly one of the most important in his final year in Congress. I  think it is very appropriate that we get this to the finish line, pass  it into law, and get it signed by the President.   Again, this is a fine example of what we can do when we work together  with all interested parties coming together for a mutual benefit.  Maintaining open spaces in the Puget Sound region is incredibly  important. It is not easy. This project is a reflection of how you can  get that done, and I am pleased to support this legislation.   Again, I want to thank Congressman Reichert for his leadership and  partnership. It was great working together with him on this and other  issues in the interest of our community in the Puget Sound region.   