 Mr. Speaker, the people live like paupers while the  mullahs live like gods.   For weeks, tens of thousands of brave Iranians have courageously  stood up in over 70 cities and chanted: ``The people live like paupers  while the mullahs live like gods.''   They challenge their failed government. They have done so in the face  of violent repression, imprisonment, torture, and even death.   Why?   They are fed up. They are fed up with poverty and unemployment; fed  up with economic depravation and rampant corruption; fed up with an  oppressive theocratic regime that mismanages their own country,  mistreats its own people, and spends billions of dollars sowing the  seeds of war and funding terrorists while its people suffer.   Ayatollahs recklessly pursued nuclear weapons instead of creating  jobs and building infrastructure for their own people. The regime's  apologists have long argued that these policies are popular and they  give Iranians a national sense of pride, restoring their place as a  regional power.   A regional power?   It is more like regional thugs.   In Iraq, Iranian-backed militias have executed and beat civilians,  looted homes, and destroyed people's lives. In  [[Page H54]]  Lebanon, Iranian-backed Hezbollah aims tens of thousands of rockets at  Israeli citizens. Syria backs Bashar al-Assad's vicious regime. Iran  sends weapons and money to militants in Yemen, Bahrain, and Gaza. It  has become the biggest purveyor of mayhem in the Middle East, pouring  billions of dollars into nefarious activities while their own people  are impoverished.   Today, I rise with my colleagues to support the Iranian protesters  and the bipartisan H. Res. 676. The United States and our allies should  use the menu of sanctions available to us to target human rights  violators and the Ayatollah's thugs who forcefully repress their fellow  citizens.   We must ensure the protesters have access to social media, and we  must let them know that we support them. Ayatollahs must know that the  free world is watching.   The people live like paupers while the mullahs live like gods. The  time has come for the people to rise up and change it.    