 Mr. President, I want to start my remarks today by  focusing on a serious threat to our national security, and that is  North Korea's nuclear program--both its nuclear weapons program as well  as its missile program.   At this moment the United States must exert maximum economic pressure  to get North Korea to engage in meaningful discussions with the goal of  denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula.   That is why Senator Toomey and I introduced the BRINK Act. I was  pleased to see the changing of the guard here at the desk, with the  Senator from Pennsylvania having just been the Presiding Officer and  the Senator from Colorado taking over, because I know the Senator from  Colorado has also been very deeply involved in this issue to try to  make sure that we address the threat of the North Korea program.   The BRINK Act is bipartisan legislation passed unanimously out of the  Banking Committee back on November 7. It imposes very tough sanctions  on North Korea, and, just as importantly, it has enforcement mechanisms  to make sure financial institutions anywhere in the world that are not  cooperating with the United States and our allies to impose those  sanctions on North Korea are penalized. It is a very simple message:  You can do business with North Korea or you can do business with the  United States. You cannot do business with both.   Given that this passed unanimously out of the Banking Committee on  November 7, and that since then North  [[Page S496]]  Korea has tested an ICBM that analysts believe is capable of reaching  all of the United States, we should move forward on this legislation  now. In fact, just yesterday CIA Director Pompeo said that ``North  Korea is ever closer to being able to hold America at risk'' and that  its nuclear weapons program had developed at a ``very rapid clip.''   We have no time to waste. We should move forward immediately on the  BRINK Act and move forward on other legislation that came out of the  Foreign Relations Committee on this issue. I think we owe it to the  American people to do this right away, without further delay.   