 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6758, the  SUCCESS Act.   This bipartisan legislation would direct the U.S. Patent and  Trademark Office and the Small Business Administration to study the  underrepresentation of women, minorities, and veterans among patent  holders. It would also require the agencies to recommend legislative  solutions for increasing participation by these underrepresented groups  in entrepreneurship activities, and increasing the number of them who  apply for and obtain patents.   The SUCCESS Act would provide an important first step toward  narrowing the race and gender gap among patent holders. One study  estimated that per capita GDP could grow 4.6 percent if more women and  African Americans were included in the initial stages of the innovation  process. It also found that exposure to innovation during childhood has  an important impact on a person's desire to become an inventor. That  makes it critical that young people have diverse role models in all  fields of study.   The bill was strengthened, in the Judiciary Committee, by the  Gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Schneider, whose amendment added veterans  to the list of underrepresented groups that will be studied. Promoting  greater inclusion in the innovation ecosystem is good for our economy  and good for underserved communities, and I am pleased to support the  bill.   The SUCCESS Act would also extend the U.S. Patent and Trademark  Office's fee setting authority for eight years. Since this authority  was first granted to the PTO under the America Invents Act, seven years  ago, it has helped put the agency on solid financial footing, and it  has enabled the PTO to continue performing the important work of  protecting Americans' intellectual property.   I appreciate the leadership of Mr. Chabot and Mr. Johnson, the  sponsors of this bill, and the other bipartisan cosponsors of this  legislation. I want to particularly thank Ms. Velazquez, the Ranking  Member of the Small Business Committee, for all that she has done to  bring attention to the lack of diversity among patent holders, and to  the important issues highlighted in this bill.  [[Page H8817]]    I look forward to continuing to work with her, and the other bill  sponsors to advance not only this legislation, but also other measures  to address the underrepresentation of women, minorities, and veterans  within the innovation ecosystem.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   