 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan,  commonsense Mortgage Choice Act, sponsored by the Congressman from  Michigan (Mr. Huizenga). Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a cosponsor of  this legislation, which will make mortgages more affordable for low-  and moderate-income families.   In the wake of the financial crisis, Congress directed the CFPB, the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, to create a definition for so- called qualified mortgages. Congress wanted to ensure that consumers  were not sold predatory loans and that good faith investors were not  buying mortgages designed to fail.   Unfortunately, the Bureau's rulemaking drove originators from the  industry and made loans more expensive in the process. This burden will  fall mostly on low- and middle-income families, the very people the  CFPB was created to help.   The rule promulgated by the CFPB czar limits consumer options, causes  consumers to pay more, and does nothing to make mortgages any safer. It  is this sort of illogical rulemaking that makes Michiganders more and  more frustrated by what they see in Washington. We need to ensure that  our government prosecutes fraud, predatory lending, and unethical  practices, but it should not be in the business of undermining an  industry that plays such a critical role in the dream of homeownership.   You know, when mortgages become more expensive, it is America's low-  and middle-income families that suffer the most. Homeownership is the  cornerstone of the American Dream. It builds communities, provides  families with stability, and, hopefully, creates equity for retirement.  The government should be helping this dream, not creating silly,  illogical obstacles.   Over the past several years, I have worked with my colleagues to  refocus the Bureau on its core mission of protecting consumers. I am  glad that Acting Director Mulvaney has begun to do so, and I am  encouraged that Congress is doing its part to rein in this rogue  bureaucracy.   This bill does nothing to threaten the underlying safety of the QM  rule and does not erode vital consumer protections. It simply helps  ensure that consumers have choices to reduce their mortgage costs along  the way.   Now, the ranking member opposes this bill, as she believes it will  usher in a new era of fraudulent subprime, dangerous loans riddled with  kickbacks and inflated title fees. I am not sure how money held in  escrow would ever be a kickback, and her description of the title  industry is completely incorrect. It is a highly regulated industry in  most States, and the State that she mentioned, Illinois, is extremely  competitive and extremely regulated.   I am not sure what bill the ranking member believes we are debating  today, but the Mortgage Choice Act will not result in any of the  problems she describes--all great scare tactics, great theater, a great  political sound bite, but, unfortunately, all fiction, all inaccurate.  Her flip-flop on this bill is at least, at the minimum, very puzzling;  but, if everything she says is correct, I certainly feel bad for all  the Democrats.    The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I feel bad, if everything she says is true,  for all the Democrats who unanimously passed this bill in the 113th  Congress.   Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve better than a partisan  discussion about something that is nothing more than a technical  correction of an unintended consequence.   Again, I thank my friend, Mr. Huizenga, for his leadership, and I  encourage all of my colleagues to join in supporting this bipartisan  solution.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   My friends on the opposite side of the aisle just dislike qualified  mortgage. They dislike QM. And a lot of the arguments that you have  heard had nothing to do, really, with this bill, itself, but more with  the fact that they have always wanted to dismantle the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau, who has the responsibility of implementing  QM.   So they will talk about everything from access to credit to you name  it, but it has nothing to do with the fact that they are here with a  bill that is trying to open up opportunities for affiliated title  companies to be able to charge home buyers more money than would be  allowed under QM.   The fact of the matter is we have a 3 percent cap on all points and  fees in the legislation that we created to protect homeowners--3  percent. Why is it they want to open it up so that home buyers have to  pay more than 3 percent on all of these points and fees?   As a matter of fact, I get questions all the time, particularly from  first-time home buyers asking me: What are all these points and fees  that I have to pay? Do you mean to tell me that on a $400,000 loan,  they are going to rip off $12,000 on points and fees or more? And we  have to explain that we have kept it to 3 percent.   But now they want to open up the floodgates, and they want to say  that these affiliated companies can charge more on points and fees as  it relates to title insurance. So I am opposed to it.   And for those who did not understand, who may have voted because of  the way that is oftentimes presented by the opposite side of the  aisle--and, as a matter of fact, it is obscured in the way that they  present it in talking about trying to help homeowners, trying to  protect homeowners, trying to open up opportunities. It has nothing to  do with any of that.   This is because the title insurance people who have wielded their  influence have come here to change the law so that they can raise those  rates and charge more money and have kickbacks, et cetera, et cetera.  This is what this is all about.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   