 Mr. President, I was filling up my Chrysler Town &  Country minivan with gas last weekend, and I noticed the price in  Delaware is up to about $2.80 a gallon for regular gas. That is up by  close to $1 above what it was not that long ago.   I remember that the first time I bought gasoline in Delaware, I was  right out of the Navy. I served in the Vietnam war as a naval flight  officer, and I moved from California to Delaware. I drove my car to a  gas station right in the middle of a gas war.   I actually benefited from the gas war in 1969 in Texas. I was driving  from Pensacola, FL, to the San Diego Naval Station. I filled up my  Volkswagen Commandeer for less than $2 during the gas war in some  little town in Texas.   Fast forward to, I think, 1970 through 1974, and we are having a  different kind of war. It is with OPEC. They are putting the squeeze on  us and much of the rest of the world by reducing the amount of oil they  are bringing out of the ground and driving up prices.   Then we had an oil blockade, and things really got interesting for a  while. I am not sure who was President then, whether it was Gerald  Ford, who was succeeded by Jimmy Carter. But somebody--maybe it was  Democrats and Republicans--finally said: You know, we have to be  smarter than this. We continue to be dependent on foreign oil. They can  put a blockade in place and essentially make it difficult for us to get  oil and pay the prices that they want.   So Democrats, Republicans, the President, and Congress, working  together, decided we should increase the fuel efficiency of our cars in  this country. We hadn't done that for quite a while. They put in place  fuel efficiency standards for cars. We stepped up the mileage  requirements for a period of years, and after several years, that  target level stopped. We reached a ceiling; I think it was like 27  miles per gallon, as I recall. But after that, the CAFE standards  stayed right there for years, maybe for a couple of decades.   We kind of revisited the issue, I want to say in 2007, and said: You  know, that doesn't make much sense. Why don't we begin to increase fuel  efficiency again? We did so with bipartisan legislation. Senator Dianne  Feinstein, Ted Stevens, and I, along with others, worked on it and  passed legislation to increase--not dramatically, but for a while, for  a number of years--fuel efficiency standards for cars, light trucks,  and SUVs.   When we fell into the great recession in 2007, 2008, 2009, we saw the  auto companies--a couple of them, Chrysler and I believe GM--going into  bankruptcy. They got a huge bailout from our taxpayers, from the  government. I was one of the people who sponsored and supported that.  But in return for their getting that kind of help, they agreed to a  [[Page S2612]]  more rigorous increase in fuel efficiency standards going forward.   There is going to be talk tomorrow in the White House about whether  we should continue to raise fuel efficiency standards for cars and  light trucks and SUVs.   Interestingly enough, the CEOs from a number of American auto  companies and those that have plants here but are actually maybe  foreign-based, foreign-headquartered auto companies are going to meet  with the President tomorrow, and they are going to be talking about  what should be done with these fuel efficiency standards. Should we  continue to ramp them up? Under current law, they are going to continue  to be ramped up until about 2024, 2025, and then after that, there is  really nothing in the law that says what should happen after 2025.   There are some in the White House--maybe the President but maybe some  others in the White House--who think that we ought to basically hold  them in place where they are and not continue to increase fuel  efficiency standards for cars and light trucks and SUVs. The  administration has been basically suggesting a message or a path  forward that says: Let's just sort of hold it in place--kind of like we  did for 20 years on the heels of the Arab oil embargo.   So the White House will be meeting tomorrow with these auto  executives, and it will be an interesting conversation. I expect the  President is going to say: Look, we are going to give you a break. We  don't think you ought to be building cars, trucks, and vans that nobody  wants to buy. People want to buy big vehicles, fuel-inefficient  vehicles. It doesn't matter; they are basically going to stop  increasing fuel efficiency standards. That should help the idea of the  White House and the auto companies to say: That should be what you  want. That should be what you need.   The message that I think the President will hear from the auto  industry is going to probably be a surprising one for him because that  is not what they are going to be asking for.   I don't know if our Presiding Officer makes customer calls. I do. I  was doing it when I was Governor and as a Congressman and a treasurer  before that. I visit businesses large and small, year in and year out.   At one time, Delaware built more cars, trucks, and vans per capita  than any other State in the United States. We had a plant in Newark,  DE, near the University of Delaware, and 4,000 people worked there for  Chrysler. We had another 4,000 who worked at the GM plant not far from  here, between Wilmington and Newark. We lost them both during the great  recession. We lost them both, 8,000 jobs, just like that. So I like to  stay close to the auto industry. I think it is important to have a  vibrant and strong auto industry in this country. I have done a lot of  customer calls over the years to auto manufacturers, including Chrysler  and GM, for reasons that are important for Delaware, but I have visited  a bunch of other companies as well.   When I do customer calls, I ask three questions of whomever I am  visiting. I ask: How are you doing? How are we doing--``we'' being the  State of Delaware, whether as the Governor of Delaware or from the  Federal Government. How are we doing, and what can we do to help? How  are you doing? How are we doing? What can we do to help?   I hope that during this conversation that will take place about 25  hours from now--I hope the President is in a listening mood. I hope he  will say: Well, what do you need? Because here is what he is likely to  hear from them: They are not asking for relief and to not have to  comply with fuel efficiency standards. Here is what they are asking  for: They are asking for some flexibility in the near years, between  2021 and 2025, and in return for some flexibility in the targets for  fuel efficiency during those years, they are willing to agree to more  aggressive targets in the outyears, between 2025 and 2030.   The auto industry knows that by then--I don't know if the majority of  vehicles being built in this country will be electric-powered, battery- powered, maybe powered with fuel cells, but we are going to see a  revolution here in this country and, frankly, around the world. In the  rest of the world, they are going to be building vehicles--cars,  trucks, vans, SUVs--that are much more fuel efficient and, frankly, far  less polluting. We in this country will get to compete in a world  marketplace against those competitors. How do we better ensure that we  are able to compete?   So what the auto industry is going to say is, give us some  flexibility in the near term--2021 to 2025--and we are willing to work  with more rigorous standards thereafter. Give us some certainty.   Currently, the folks in California and about 10 other States who  support California have the ability to, under the law, have their own  separate standards, fuel efficiency standards, compared to the rest of  the country. When this was first envisioned, the auto companies almost  had a heart attack. They said that the idea of having to build one set  of models--say for a Ford--or having to build one version of that model  for California and 10 or 11 other States and then something different  for the other maybe 40 States--they didn't want to worry about that.  They didn't want to have to do that. They know we need to be more  energy efficient and less polluting. They were concerned about having  to do that--two versions of every model. So it has been worked out that  California can continue to have its own standards, but the auto  industry--and, frankly, other countries, too, that build vehicles--will  build one version of one model for each of the models that are sold in  this country.   Tomorrow, the auto companies are going to say: We need to be able to  continue to do that. We don't need to be building two versions of the  same automobile for every car and truck and SUV that is sold in this  country.   The automobile industry is going to say to the President that there  is no need to kick California to the curb, or these other States that  support that position; what we do need is what I said earlier--some  flexibility in the fuel efficiency targets in the near term, up to  2025, and after that, more rigorous standards going forward.   One of the things I learned a long time before I was Governor was  that among the things that businesses need are certainty and  predictability. They need certainty. They need predictability. That is  especially true in the auto industry, where the lead time building a  new car or truck or SUV or van can be 5, 6, 7 years. That is why this  is an important conversation to have tomorrow.   I learned long before I was Governor that Governors don't create  jobs, Presidents don't create jobs, Senators don't create jobs, and  mayors don't create jobs. What we do is we help create a nurturing  environment for job creation. Among the things that help provide that  nurturing environment are predictability and certainty with respect to  our laws, with respect to our regulations. It is also helpful to have  the Federal Government and maybe colleges and universities provide some  money for research and development. Some of the R&D that has enabled  our auto fleet--our trucks, our light trucks and SUVs--to be more  energy efficient--some of the R&D provided, appropriated here by this  body, has been used to make us more competitive in world markets.   Our tax policy is designed to encourage people to buy more energy- efficient vehicles. We use the government's purchasing power to buy  more energy-efficient vehicles so they will be making a market, so they  will be more likely to be able to sell them and build them in quantity.   I would just conclude by saying: Mr. President, when you meet with  these folks tomorrow, carmakers from across the country and around the  world, I hope that you won't just tell them what you think they want to  hear but that you will ask them: What do you need? What do you need?   I think the message he will hear will be quite different from the  message he is prepared to give them.   If we really want to help the domestic auto industry, we can do that.  It is not by rolling back or freezing in place fuel efficiency  standards; it is by helping us to get to the next level using the kind  of technology in our vehicles that we can sell around the world and  compete against the best in the rest of the world.   I think that is it for me. I don't see anybody else on the floor  asking to speak, so I suggest the absence of a quorum.   