 Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to a long-time  friend, a revered public servant, and a true southern gentleman,  Senator Thad Cochran.   Thad Cochran will be retiring at the end of this month, bringing an  end to more than 40 years of exemplary service to Mississippi and our  Nation.   Senator Cochran is a Mississippi man through and through. He was born  in Pontotoc to a mother who was a school teacher and a father who was a  principal. After graduating as valedictorian at his high school, Thad  attended Ole Miss, where he earned both his bachelor's and juris doctor  degrees. After serving in the Navy, he practiced private law in  Mississippi for several years, but it wasn't long before he entered  politics.   After serving in the House of Representatives, Thad first came to the  Senate in 1978, just 2 years after my own election. The truth is, I  hardly know this place without him, and I can hardly imagine what  things will be like when Thad is no longer sitting here.   It is difficult to describe the special bond you share with someone  who has been your close friend and partner here on the floor and  colleague for more than four decades. Thad and I have been here through  some of the most formative events in modern history, including the fall  of the Soviet Union, the rise of American hegemony, the creation of the  internet, and the coming of the digital age. As Members of this body,  we have had the privilege not only to witness history but also to help  shape it.   Whether as chairman of the Senate Republican Conference, the  Agriculture Committee, or the Appropriations Committee, Senator Cochran  has spearheaded some of the most significant policy initiatives of the  last several decades. With an equal mix of healthy persistence and pure  southern charm, he quickly earned his reputation as the ``quiet  persuader.'' I know I speak for all of my colleagues when I say he will  be sorely missed.   Thad Cochran is so much more than the senior Senator from  Mississippi. He is so much more than the legislation he has passed and  the titles he has held and the awards he has received. Thad Cochran is  a fixture of American politics, a man synonymous with the Senate, who  embodies in every way all that is right and good about this body--a  commitment to comity, character, and respect.   I think my colleague Senator Leahy put it best when he said that  Senator Cochran represents the old school. He personifies a generation  of lawmakers brought up on the principles of bipartisan and compromise,  and I believe that these very virtues have been the keys to his success  as a legislator.   Even in recent years, as our politics grew ever more divisive, Thad  reminded us that in the era of endless gridlock and perpetual  polarization, there is no alternative to civility and healthy debate.  Thad is always someone you could trust to put the good of others above  self, someone you could count on to reach across the aisle even when  the political risks were great. In so doing, Thad gave all of us a  template for effective legislating, and he followed the model for  decades for the betterment of Mississippi and the Nation.   I consider myself lucky to know Thad and even luckier to call him  friend. It is true that this body will not be the same without him, but  I hope we can honor his service by recommitting ourselves to the  virtues of civility and respect every day.   Today, I want to thank my colleague from Mississippi for his example  and his many years of friendship. I wish him and his family the very  best.   Thad, I want you to know that not only will we miss you, we will not  get along as well without you. I think the world of you. It has been a  pleasure for me to sit right by you on the floor for all of these  years, and it has been a pleasure to learn from you. God bless you, and  just know that a lot of us are pulling for you in every way.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, the prospect of retirement has imbued me  with a sense of urgency as I have never felt it before. With just a few  months left in office, I have an ambitious agenda that I am committed  to getting across the finish line, and with the passage of this year's  spending bill, I am grateful to be several steps closer to that goal.   In my first Senate address after announcing that this term would be  my last, I made clear my intentions for my final year in office. I  promised to be on the Senate floor, early and often, pushing the most  critical reforms of this Congress, and I have been. I promised a flurry  of legislative activity from my office, and you have seen it.   Anyone who wants to count me out doesn't know that I have a dedicated  staff determined to drive this old workhorse into the ground, and with  the passage of this year's omnibus, our efforts are beginning to bear  fruit. True to my promise in January to go big and to go bold, I have  been hard at work over the last few weeks to include in this year's  spending package a number of legislative priorities that will make a  meaningful difference for millions of Americans.   I wish to thank the majority leader, the majority whip, the Speaker  of the House, and their respective staffs for going extra lengths to  help me attach several of these signature initiatives to the bill we  will soon pass. Whether it is historic legislation to prevent school  violence and improve our background check system or bipartisan measures  to empower law enforcement and strengthen our rural communities, this  omnibus encompasses a number of policy victories that will greatly  benefit both Utah and the Nation.   Let me begin with the Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act, or  CLOUD Act. This critically important legislation will create a workable  framework for law enforcement to obtain data stored overseas while at  the same time protecting providers from conflicts of law and  encouraging other countries to strengthen domestic privacy standards.  This bill is a win for law enforcement, for the tech community, and for  the Trump administration as well.   Passage of the CLOUD Act is the culmination of more than 4-years of  hard work. My first foray on this issue was the Law Enforcement Access  to Data Stored Abroad Act, or the LEADS Act, which I introduced in  September 2014. I continued my work last Congress with the  International Communications Privacy Act, or ICPA. Then, earlier this  year, I introduced the CLOUD Act with my good friends Senator Coons,  Senator Graham, and Senator Whitehouse.   Among other things, the CLOUD Act authorizes the United States to  enter into bilateral agreements with other governments to set clear  standards for requests for digital evidence. Under these bilateral  agreements, the United States agrees to lift its blocking statute on  disclosure to foreign law enforcement if the other country similarly  agrees to lift any such bar it has on disclosure to U.S. law  enforcement. Moreover, the CLOUD Act requires that any order issued by  a foreign government on a U.S. provider be subject to judicial or other  administrative review before the provider can be forced to turn over  data.   I am hopeful that the U.S.-U.K. bilateral agreement framework  outlined in the CLOUD Act will serve as a model for future agreements  between the United States and other countries. Expeditiously  implementing similar agreements with the European Union and our other  allies is critical to protecting consumers around the world and  facilitating legitimate law enforcement investigations.   The CLOUD Act gives law enforcement the tools they need to keep us  safe. So, too, does the STOP School Violence Act. We started working  with families from Sandy Hook on this bipartisan bill several months  ago. They had some great ideas for making our schools safer including  school threat assessment teams; anonymous reporting systems; and  training for students, teachers, and law enforcement to prevent future  violence. We engaged with stakeholders from the security industry about  school security infrastructure improvements. These and other evidence- based strategies and programs to improve school safety formed the  foundation of the STOP School Violence Act.   We were refining the bill and shoring up bipartisan support when  tragedy struck at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. This certainly  increased the urgency of the legislation, and I  [[Page S1924]]  welcomed the help and advice of the families from Parkland as well.   I can't even imagine how I would react if something like that  happened to one of my children, so it has been incredible to see these  families from Sandy Hook and Parkland channel that grief and anger into  unifying action. In particular, I would like to thank Ryan Petty,  Patrick Petty, Kyle Kashuv, and so many other outstanding individuals  who shared with us their unique perspective on the issue of school  violence. Without them, this bill would not have become a reality.   Despite everything people like Kyle and the Pettys' went through,  they came in with the attitude of wanting to find common ground and  bring people together. These families from Parkland came in wanting to  make a difference, saying this time had to be different, and very soon,  they can say that they helped pass a historic bill that will save  hundreds, if not thousands, of lives.   In the spirit of keeping young people safe, I am glad we were also  able to get my Child Protection Improvements Act included in the  omnibus. The objective of this bipartisan bill is simple: to better  protect the most vulnerable in our society, namely, children, the  elderly, and individuals with disabilities.   The Child Protection Improvements Act amends the National Child  Protection Act of 1993 to make permanent a pilot program originally  created by the Adam Walsh Act. This program ensures that organizations  that serve children, the elderly, and individuals with disabilities  have access to FBI fingerprint background checks for their employees,  volunteers, and coaches. My hope is that this bill, which is broadly  supported by youth-serving organizations and law enforcement groups,  will save many lives and better protect those who cannot protect  themselves. Giving permanency to this background check program is an  important step in keeping children and the defenseless safe from  violent criminals and sexual predators who might otherwise slip through  the cracks.   Also among our Nation's most vulnerable are those struggling with  addiction to opioids. Opioid abuse in our Nation has reached epidemic  levels, leaving in its wake a trail of tragedy and shattered life. Few  are immune to the devastating effects of addiction. For many,  dependency begins with a painkiller prescription in the aftermath of a  surgery or serious injury. Against their own will, patients develop an  addiction to pain medication that leaves them craving more. Over time,  feeding this addiction becomes increasingly difficult, pushing many to  look for a harder fix. Some even turn to heroin, spurring a rapid  descent into despondency from which few return.   To combat this harrowing epidemic, the omnibus more than triples the  Federal resources devoted to the opioid crisis, allocating billions of  dollars to opioid prevention, treatment, and enforcement. Moreover, the  omnibus increases NIH funding to research new advances in healthcare  and medicine, as well as alternative pain management options. My home  State of Utah is a leader in this field, and this bill will give  researchers the resources they need to continue to break new ground. In  short, this legislation is a symbol of hope for millions across the  country whose lives have been ravaged by the opioid epidemic.   In addition to helping Americans whose lives have been upended by  addiction, I am also committed to helping Westerners who are struggling  in our rural communities. That is why I worked long and hard to include  in this year's omnibus a 2-year extension of the Secure Rural Schools  program, or SRS.   The SRS program is absolutely critical to rural, forest counties in  Utah and across the West. As the timber industry has declined in our  country, rural counties with high presence of National Forest System  lands face significant hardships in maintaining schools and essential  infrastructure. Fortunately, with the extension of SRS, hard-working  county leaders will be able to improve road maintenance, fund law  enforcement, and keep our schools and libraries open.   The SRS program, as well as programs such as PILT, are a boon to  families across the State of Utah. Of equal importance are our defense  programs. Utah has some of the most patriotic people in the country,  not to mention thousands of veterans and Active-Duty servicemembers.  That is why I have always done everything in my power to support the  warfighter, so I am pleased that this bill includes a much-needed 2.4  percent pay raise for our troops, the largest in 8 years. What is more,  the legislation we are set to vote on today has the largest increase in  defense funding in over 15 years, with a $61 billion increase over last  year's levels. This is especially good news for my hard-working  constituents at military installations throughout the state.   What I have mentioned thus far is by no means an exhaustive list of  the legislative victories included in this year's omnibus, but also  worth mentioning are initiatives to build research capacity at the  National Institutes of Health; make childcare more affordable for  America's hard-working families, expand TIGER grants to facilitate  transportation projects across the country, strengthen the Economic  Development Administration to bolster rural communities, and support  evidence-based education programs for our Nation's youth. On each of  these initiatives, I worked closely with stakeholders and everyday  Utahns to ensure that their perspectives would be heard and their needs  would be met.   I am pleased with the work we have been able to do on this bill. Like  any compromise, it is far from perfect, but it's undeniably good, and I  can confidently say that the bills included in this legislative package  will have a lasting effect on the lives of thousands of Utahns and  thousands more across the country.   Now, some have criticized the process of passing this legislation,  criticizing the fact that lawmakers have not been able to read the  omnibus from beginning to end. I take serious issue with this  criticism. True, the omnibus is large, but every bill included therein  has been thoroughly vetted over the course of several months and, in  some cases, several years, so the assertion that we are passing a bill,  the contents of which are unknown, is completely disingenuous. We know  exactly what is in this omnibus because it is the culmination of all  our hard work this Congress. This is a common vehicle for passing  vetted legislation, and anyone who tells you otherwise is playing  political games.   Let me just conclude by saying that, with the time I have left here  in the Senate, I plan to leave everything on the field. For me, 2018 is  not a victory lap but a sprint to the finish, and I plan to finish  strong.   Mr. President, I submit this statement on behalf of myself and  Ranking Member Wyden. The provisions of the House amendment to the  Senate amendment to H.R. 1625, showing the text of the Consolidated  Appropriations Act, 2018, before the Senate for debate today includes  technical corrections to legislation enacted prior to 2017. These  provisions are important to provide clarity to taxpayers and to the  administration of the law. I and Ranking Member Ron Wyden have asked  the staff of the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation to make  available to the public a technical explanation of this legislation.   The technical explanation expresses the congressional understanding  and legislative intent behind this important legislation. It is  available on the Joint Committee's website at www.jct.gov. It is  document JCX-6-18, ``Technical Explanation of the Revenue Provisions of  the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1625 (Rules  Committee Print 115-66),'' March 22, 2018.   