 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues about the  American Dream and why their families came to our great country.   Was it to build a better future for their children so they could live  and attend school in the greatest country in the history of the world?   Was it so they could work and live in a safe place without fear of  violence?   Was it because they knew that, if they came here, no matter where  they are from, no matter what God they worship, if they work hard,  contribute to our country, and believe in the ideals of America that  all men and women are created equal, then you deserve a place here in  the United States of America?   The answer to these questions is ``yes.'' Our ancestors and parents  came to the United States for all these reasons and more.   That answer holds true for hundreds of thousands of DREAMers and  their parents who live and work and attend school here in the United  States without fear of deportation thanks to DACA. Yet, on September 5,  the Trump administration destroyed the American Dream for 800,000 young  people and their families by recklessly terminating DACA.   One of those 800,000 DREAMers is Itayu Torres, a proud DACA recipient  from my district, the 34th Congressional District of California. She  was born in Oaxaca, Mexico, and arrived in my district before she  turned 1. The United States is the only place she has ever known as her  country, and she is as American as you and I, but she was forced to  live with the burden of her legal status.   At the age of 14, she found out she didn't have legal status when she  tried to travel out of State to play in a soccer tournament. That fear  of being deported if she left her State of California prevented her  from leaving.   But her life changed when she became a DACA recipient. Thanks to  DACA, she enrolled in a liberal arts college in Maryland. She no longer  had to live in crippling fear as she goes about her day-to-day life.   DREAMers like Itayu deserve the chance to succeed and contribute to  our great country. That is why I urge my colleagues to defeat the  previous question, so we can bring up the Dream Act to give 800,000  DREAMers a shot at the American Dream.   