 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the Land and  Water Conservation Fund. I talked a lot yesterday about the benefits of  the Land and Water Conservation Fund and how it is one of the most  popular and successful bipartisan programs that exist for conservation.   I shared with my colleagues and with those who listened a newsletter  from the Blue Ridge Parkway Foundation that stated some of the great  things they are doing with private sector dollars. They are taking what  the Land and Water Conservation Fund provides--which is zero in  taxpayer dollars but royalties off of exploration--and they are giving  that to the States to protect treasures we have.   In those States and localities, they use that Federal seed money to  leverage private sector dollars to produce inholdings, edge-holdings,  and outparcels, sometimes traded so that we protect the land that is  most valuable to us and that leverages volunteers and private dollars.  It is on the order of 10 to 1 private dollars to Federal dollars.   Today, I want to give you a great example how LWCF money was used for  acquisition of land that has made it safer for outdoor enthusiasts and  also easier for local governments in my State of North Carolina.   We have a falls called the Catawba Falls. It is a popular attraction  in western North Carolina, but the trail to get to the falls is over  private land; therefore, those who venture there for recreational  benefits and the beauty of Catawba Falls find a circuitous route to get  there, and in many cases, we have individuals who have gotten injured.  This becomes very costly to local emergency services because when you  extract somebody from an inholding that you have no public access to,  you have to airlift those individuals.   The Foothills Conservancy recognized the need, and this wonderful  local land trust was able to move quickly when the landowner became  willing to sell for public access.   I think it is an interesting fact that this family who sold to  Foothills was the first family in the United States to sell land to the  U.S. Forest Service in 1911 under the Weeks Act.   The Forest Service was eventually able to acquire the land through  the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Now there is a road and a parking  lot for visitors. The cost of emergency services to get to the falls to  respond to accidents has been dramatically reduced. Visiting the  attraction is now safer for hikers. Visitor experiences were improved  with parking and restrooms. A beautiful trail that belongs to the  public was made, and local government's burden was eased.   They average one medical situation a month. Since the Presiding  Officer is a physician by practice, I know he understands the cost that  is incurred with an emergency of that magnitude. Because of this  access, they have saved one hour per extraction, and McDowell County  Emergency Management is saving $1 million annually because they don't  have to do helicopter extractions.   It is an economic stimulus to the town of Old Fort and protects the  headwaters of the Catawba River, which, I might add, is the drinking  supply for the city of Charlotte, NC.   Talk about a win-win-win. This is one of them. This is a perfect  example of how LWCF helps make access for the public easier by  purchasing an edge-holding.   As Americans, we need more outdoor recreation and access  opportunities,  [[Page S5894]]  not fewer. The program is widely supported by outdoor recreation  industry enthusiasts, conservationists, anglers, hunters, birdwatchers,  and all who appreciate access to America's unparalleled lands. If I  didn't mention it, it requires zero in taxpayer money. Let me say that  again. There is zero taxpayer money.   The U.S. outdoor recreation economy generates $87 billion in consumer  spending. It generates $65 billion in tax revenue. If you don't utilize  the outdoors as an individual and you are a budget hawk, it is a good  program. It grows the economy. It produces revenues for the Federal  Government.   The program has been so successful that just a decade after its  original enactment, in 1977, the Congress decided to triple its  authorization to a level of $900 million--the level it remains at  today. I might add that the first two authorizations of this bill were  for 25 years--25 years. Eventually, the authorization level for funding  went to $900 million. It has only been funded at $900 million one time  in the over 50 years since it has been established.   In our great wisdom, for some reason, 3 years ago, we authorized it  at 3 years, and on September 30, it will expire. As of March 30, the  Land and Water Conservation Fund had a credit in its account of $21.5  billion because over the years Congress chose not to allocate the full  $900 million that has been credited to the fund. This bill puts the  money toward deferred maintenance and returns the rest to Treasury.   Very quickly, let me just tell you about a bill that I am going to  ask unanimous consent that this body take up and pass. The base of the  new bill is permanent authorization of the program. It also includes a  provision that I sprung on everybody yesterday.   Members of the U.S. Senate have expressed a concern about a permanent  reauthorization with no ability to go in and alter that, so what I did  was I added a provision that allows for the Congress to take up a  dissolution resolution every 3 years where, with a 60-vote margin, they  can disapprove the automatic renewal.   We have tried to address all of the concerns that have been raised.  Since the beginning of the 115th Congress, I have tried to come down  here and get this bill on the floor, only to hear: Not today. It needs  to be on something else. We can't have a vote on it.   We have never been allowed to have a vote on it. I am sympathetic to  individuals who have raised questions on the ability to vote.   If future Congresses believe they need to review the program, this  provision allows them to do it by simply passing the joint resolution  of disapproval. Every 3 years, they are given the opportunity.   Additionally, this bill shares funds currently available to the LWCF  program. Again, let me remind everybody of the background. Every year-- $900 million is credited on an annual basis to the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. That is in the statute. Every year, appropriators  determine how much money they intend to appropriate, and in only one of  the years since 1977, when we raised the allocation to $900 million,  has it actually been funded at $900 million. So each year, $900 million  goes in, and appropriators dole out what they want to. It is all  royalty money; it doesn't have anything to do with taxpayer money. That  has left a hefty chunk of change just sitting there, waiting for  Congress to appropriate--$21.4 billion.   To meet my colleagues halfway, in addition to a 3-year review, with a  vote to disapprove an automatic renewal, my bill does this. I have  decided to put those available funds toward a program that many of my  colleagues have been very vocally supportive of in the past year. This  bill would reallocate $11 billion out of the LWCF trust fund, and it  would allocate that money and dedicate it to the National Park Service  for maintenance.   I know many Members are anxious to get a parks maintenance bill  through, and we have had trouble doing that. I am giving you an  opportunity and an option that would fund it at a level we haven't even  talked about. We are talking about somewhere right around $1 billion.  Yet we know we have $10 billion worth of deferred maintenance. With  just the reauthorization of this one conservation program, we would  shift $11 billion out of the LWCF account and into the parks  maintenance account. It doesn't take a mathematician to realize that  the money would be available immediately. It would still require the  appropriations process.   There would be an additional $10 billion left in the LWCF fund, So  what I propose in this legislation is that the bill would credit back  to the General Treasury $10 billion to go toward paying down debt.   I have heard a lot of my colleagues stand up here--as a matter of  fact, many in this body voted for a rescissions package that had a $16  million reduction in the LWCF fund. I voted against it because I got no  help in trying to understand why we were going to cut money out of a  program that we had yet to fund at the level at which it was  authorized. If they were willing to cut $16 million of LWCF to pay down  debt, I am giving them a great opportunity--I am giving them $10  billion in this bill.   So we are going to take $21 billion that the LWCF has accrued over  its existence, that has been unallocated to them but is still there,  and we are going to give $11 billion to the parks and recreation  maintenance fund, and we are going to give $10 billion to the Treasury  to pay down debt.   I have been working on all aspects of LWCF for about 5 years, if not  longer. I think that in the last 24 hours, I have addressed every  concern that has been expressed--budget, taxpayer money, parks  maintenance, why we should do it. Let me suggest to the Presiding  Officer and to my colleagues why we should do it. Because Americans  really appreciate this program because across this country, there are  generations today who believe that their children and their  grandchildren will be able to experience the same experience they had  because we have been smart enough to protect some of those treasures.   I don't want to be greedy. I would love to appropriate $21 billion,  as I am sure my colleague from Colorado, who I see standing over there,  would love to do. It is probably not needed all at one time, but the  credit is there. If we are willing to reauthorize this program and to  give them some degree of permanency, then I believe every person who is  the beneficiary of or interested in the Land and Water Conservation  Fund will not argue with saying: OK, we will take the $21 billion we  built up, and we will give $11 billion to the parks maintenance program  and we will pay $10 billion to the Treasury. And we will start over at  accruing at $900 billion a year what the American people, through their  Congress, in the past have said we are going to invest in these  conservation efforts.   It is a significant gift. There are winners and winners and winners.  There is no difference between this and the Catawba Falls example I  gave you where the winners were the local community, the individual who  sold the land, and the emergency services cost to the county. This is a  win-win for America, and we are doing all of this with zero taxpayer  money. We are using the royalties off of exploration to fund it.   I am going to do something that is probably a first in this body.  There are individuals who still would like to object to this. I am  going to ask unanimous consent, and then I will object to my own  unanimous consent request because I understand the rights of any one  individual in the Senate.   I could have waited hours to speak until one of them came to object,  but I saw it more worthy of my time to come here and to raise this  issue, to present solutions, and to object to my own unanimous consent  request because I respect the rights of every individual.   But I hope through doing this those colleagues that might have an  objection to this would alleviate that objection. If you don't like the  program, that is one thing, but don't claim that it is because you want  to reduce the debt. Don't claim that you don't want to use taxpayer  money. Don't claim that you want to package this with the parks and  maintenance program.   I am giving it all to you in one bill. The only thing I am asking in  return for the Land and Water Conservation Fund is to give us the  ability to know long-term that this is in place so that we can leverage  every private sector dollar in this country that we possibly can toward  whatever appropriations the appropriators decide on an annual basis to  give to the fund.  [[Page S5895]]    So at this time, I ask unanimous consent that at a time determined by  the majority leader, in consultation with the Democratic leader, the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of my bill in relation to  LWCF, which is at the desk, with 1 hour of debate, and the Senate then  vote on the bill with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I reluctantly object.   