 Mr. Speaker, I too rise in support of H.R. 5877, the Main  Street Growth Act.   Ever since the JOBS Act was signed into law, Congress has worked hard  to build on its success to ensure American businesses, entrepreneurs,  and investors are able to realize the real and potential benefits that  make our markets the envy of the world.   The Main Street Growth Act continues that discussion. Approved by the  House Financial Services Committee by a vote of 56-0, this legislation  will facilitate the creation of venture exchanges, a concept many see  as a viable means to encourage more early-stage IPOs and improve  capital formation.   When businesses go public, jobs are created and new centers of wealth  are formed. In fact, a 2012 study found that for the 2,766 companies  that participated in an IPO between 1996 and 2010, total employment  across these businesses increased by 2.2 million jobs, while total  revenue increased by over $1 trillion.   Unfortunately, sustaining and encouraging more companies to move  forward with an IPO has proven difficult over time. Every year for the  past two decades, the number of public companies in the United States  has dropped,  [[Page H6005]]  with the only exception being the year Congress passed the JOBS Act.   Since 2009, the number of U.S.-listed IPOs, on average, has hovered  at fewer than 200 a year, well below the previous decade's average.   While there are a multitude of factors that a company takes into  consideration when determining whether to go public, one such  calculation is whether or not the current market structure fosters an  active and liquid secondary trading environment for that company's  securities.   Ensuring there is a place for investors to easily trade and sell  their securities is often a key determinant in a decision not to list,  if the business owner is not confident that such a marketplace exists.   Small business hesitation when making this determination is not  unfounded. According to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,  small cap stocks, or those with capitalization below $100 million,  typically exhibit the least liquidity, while mid cap stocks, with  capitalization between $2 billion and $5 billion, tend to exhibit a  greater amount of liquidity.   Recognizing the continued challenges we face in courting new IPOs,  and understanding that liquidity is key for small companies interested  in going public, as well as securities currently trading in the  marketplace, it is clear that we must take steps to better tailor our  markets in order to account for the varying size and nature of  potential public companies if we are to encourage new capital  formation.   Here is where the Main Street Growth Act can help.   Under the Main Street Growth Act, an entity can register with the SEC  to establish a venture exchange; a market designed specifically to  support the trading of small and emerging companies, as well as  currently listed but liquidity-challenged securities.   These venture exchanges will trade venture securities, which include  early stage and emerging growth companies, as well as securities  currently trading in the marketplace but are below a certain public  float or average daily trade volume threshold.   In my home State of Minnesota, there are more than 30 companies  currently listed on an exchange that may meet the necessary criteria to  explore the benefits of a new venture exchange as envisioned by this  legislation.    Additionally, there are over 130 Minnesota-based companies that are  not listed publicly and have utilized private means of funding for  their businesses, but could qualify to list on a venture exchange to  improve their ability to create new growth and employment  opportunities.   The Main Street Growth Act includes important provisions to  concentrate liquidity by ensuring that the trading of securities listed  on a venture exchange may only occur on that venture exchange.   Also, utilizing the current exchange model serves as an efficient way  to ensure investor protection while improving their standing in our  capital markets.   The Main Street Growth Act is a consensus bill with input from my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle and with the administration as  well. It directly complements SEC Chairman Clayton's ongoing efforts to  ``examine whether the current market structure meets the needs of all  types of companies that have the potential to be public companies.''   Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my gratitude to the chairman and  ranking member of the Financial Services Committee and their staff for  their tireless work on this legislation and the issues related to  improving capital formation in the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R.  5877.   