 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues,  particularly Leaders McConnell and Schumer and Vice Chairman Leahy for  their help in moving this package. The conference report before the  Senate accelerates the rebuilding of America's military and provides  our men and women in uniform with the largest pay increase in nearly a  decade. It also increases NIH's budget by $2 billion and provides  critical resources to combat the opioid epidemic. And, it contains no  poison pill riders.   On the whole, the conference report tracks very closely with the  Senate version of this package, which passed by a vote of 85 to 7. I  hope it will receive the same level of support today and urge my  colleagues to vote yes.   If this conference report is signed into law next week when the House  returns, we will have funded 75 percent of the Federal Government  before the end of the fiscal year. And it will be the first time in a  decade that our military will not be operating under a continuing  resolution at the beginning of a new fiscal year.   What a remarkable turn of events from just 6 months ago, when the  entire government was funded in one omnibus spending package--6 months  behind schedule.   I think it is important to give the President some credit here for  the progress we are making. He has been adamant about the need to  rebuild our military and fund the government in a deliberate manner.  Not only do I agree with him, but I believe most Americans agree with  him, and with this package we are taking an important step in that  direction.   I say to my colleagues, this is the most significant step we have  taken yet, but we still have work to do. This conference report  contains a continuing resolution to account for the appropriations  bills not yet signed into law. I want to stress that my colleagues  should not read this as a sign that we have reached an impasse with the  House on the remaining bills in conference. To the contrary, we are  very close to an agreement on four additional bills: Interior,  Financial Services, Transportation, and Agriculture. While we still  have differences to resolve on each of the bills, none of them are  insurmountable, in my judgement.   So we will continue to work diligently and hopefully return to the  floor soon with yet another conference report in hand.   In closing, I want to thank my colleagues once again for their help  on this conference report. This is a big deal. Let's keep working  together to accomplish even more.   Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes and briefly explain to  the Senate where we are on appropriations, where we have come from, and  where we hope to go.   Thanks to the work of my colleague on the Appropriations Committee-- and many others but especially Senator Leahy--we have hung together, as  the Presiding Officer knows, to make the Appropriations Committee work  again. It hasn't worked by regular order in years and years. But today,  if we pass this minibus dealing with Defense and HHS, that will be 74.9  percent of all appropriations money in these five bills, including the  three we passed and the two we hope to pass in a few minutes. It is 75  percent, if you want to round it up, that we have pending.   As the Presiding Officer knows, we have another minibus consisting of  four bills, and if we are able to move those bills, and we hope we  will--dealing with the House now--that will be 87 percent of the whole  appropriations.   We know that is progress, but it didn't happen by itself; it happened  because people worked together. We worked to bring regular order.   Back in the spring, I talked to Senator Leahy about bringing the  Appropriations Committee back to where it used to be, and he said:  Let's work together to do it. The only way we can do it is to do it  together. I talked to Senator McConnell, Senator Schumer, and Senator  Durbin. I talked to everybody, including the Presiding Officer and  everybody on our committee.   We made great progress, and I want to again thank the people-- starting with Senator Leahy, Senator McConnell, Senator Schumer, and  Senator Durbin--who really helped this come about. I want to take a  second to thank some of the staff of the Defense Subcommittee, headed  by Brian Potts and Eric Raven, along with Senators Durbin, Blunt, and  Murray, for their work on these bills that are imminent here today.   This is a good start for us. We are not there yet, but we are getting  there. If we keep on the road and keep the trains running, we are going  to make the Appropriations Committee work again.   Thank you very much.   