 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support  of H. Res. 676 and in solidarity with the people of Iran who  courageously took to the streets in the recent weeks to protest their  country's barbaric dictatorship.   I thank my good friends, Ed Royce and Eliot Engel, for their  leadership in bringing this resolution to the floor. I also thank the  chairwoman emeritus for her tremendous work over the years towards Iran  in trying to get a policy that respects fundamental human rights and  also ends their barbaric reign of terror and terrorism.   Mr. Speaker, over the past several weeks, tens of thousands of  Iranians participated in nationwide protests to condemn the corruption,  repression, and brutality that together represent the unique legacy of  Iran's nearly 40-year-old authority theocracy.   The regime responded with characteristic coercion, intimidating  activists and employing government-sponsored thugs and military units  to quell the unrest. Approximately 20 protesters died in clashes with  security forces. At least 1,000 people were arrested. I am sure those  1,000 are being tortured as we meet here today. Some estimates place  the number closer to 4,000 people.   This unrest is the inevitable consequence of a dictatorship built on  brutality and corruption in the service of domestic repression and  regional conquest. Ambassador Haley was absolutely right when she told  the U.N. Security Council: ``When the rights of the people are denied,  the people rightly resist. If the concerns are not acknowledged, then  peace and security are inevitably threatened.''   I am very proud of the work this Congress has done over the years. In  my subcommittee, we have held hearings on human rights abuses in Iran,  including with Pastor Saeed Abedini, who did a tremendous job with his  wife in trying to effectuate his relief.   We must hold Iran to account for the treatment of the hundreds of  jailed protesters and not let their faith be forgotten with the next  news cycle. We must work tirelessly to secure the liberty of our own  citizens, including Xiyue Wang, a graduate student from my own State of  New Jersey, who has spent the past 519 days in the Evin Prison complex.   Mr. Speaker, again, I urge support of the resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of two  critical pieces of legislation, H.R. 535 and H.R. 3320. These bills are  important to U.S. national security because the spread of pandemics do  not respect borders. These bills are also important because they will  enhance the position of Taiwan, a true and vibrant democracy, with  which we have had longstanding ties.   I commend my good friend and colleague, Mr. Steve Chabot, for  introducing the Taiwan Travel Act. Currently, the President of Taiwan,  Vice President, Premier, Defense Minister and Foreign Minister of  Taiwan are not allowed to come to Washington, D.C. for consultations.  These are U.S. self-imposed restrictions that are practiced due to fear  of potential Chinese diplomatic retaliation. Restricting high-level  visits by senior Taiwanese officials is both insulting and  counterproductive. This policy should be changed.   Mr. Speaker, China will never be happy with U.S.-Taiwan policy or the  Taiwan Relations Act. Communist China will never be placated by our  self-imposed restrictions on travel and consultations. We should not  try.   Mr. Speaker, I also stand today in support of H.R. 3320, introduced  by my good friend and chairman of the subcommittee on Asia and the  Pacific, Mr. Ted Yoho.   H.R. 3320 would designate that the Secretary of State devise a plan  to include Taiwan in the World Health Organization. Taiwan has been  excluded from participating in the WHO due to Chinese pressure, and  sadly, the international community has acquiesced.   We here in Congress have been advocating for many years that the U.S.  should take action to ensure Taiwan's meaningful participation in the  WHO. As a major transport and shipping hub in the Asia Pacific region,  with enormous volumes of people and goods passing through on a daily  basis, Taiwan's exclusion creates a dangerous gap in the global health  and safety information network.   Mr. Speaker, the full participation of Taiwan in the WHO and other  multilateral bodies cannot be overstated as a U.S. national security  interest.   China's efforts to exclude Taiwan from international bodies like WHO  creates needless blind spots in the international system where  terrorism and disease can spread undetected.   Mr. Speaker, Taiwan must join the WHO as a full member. Regaining  observer status is  [[Page H62]]  only a first step. Full WHO membership for Taiwan is not only in the  interest of Taiwan, it is in the interest of the rest of the world.   I urge my colleagues to pass these critical measures to strengthen  the bond between the U.S. and our democratic ally, Taiwan.   