 Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member for  allowing me to speak tonight.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Right to Try Act,  legislation that would bypass the Food and Drug Administration's  longstanding review and oversight of drug treatments and endanger  patients with life-threatening diseases.   My heart goes out to the families of loved ones who are terminally  ill and desperate for a breakthrough treatment. I, too, have lost loved  ones and wished there was an experimental therapy available to save  them.   FDA has decades of experience dealing with experimental therapies  that have not received final approval. In 1987, the FDA created  expanded access, better known as compassionate use, and gives  terminally ill patients access to therapies still under clinical  trials. FDA approves nearly all requests for investigational drugs. For  the last 5 years, the FDA approval rate for this expanded access is  over 99 percent. In fact, FDA physicians are available 24 hours a day  to approve emergency requests.   My daughter is an infectious disease physician at the University of  Nebraska Medical Center. They used the FDA's compassionate pathway to  provide experimental therapy for an American doctor, a U.S. citizen,  who had contracted Ebola while in Africa in 2014. FDA approved that  request for that experimental treatment over the telephone in less than  24 hours. There is a solution other than this bill.   The new path created in this legislation is not necessary, and, in  fact, may endanger the health and safety of terminally ill patients by  bypassing FDA's oversight and expertise.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to speak on the importance of following  regular order. The House Energy and Commerce Committee has been working  with stakeholders and Federal agencies for years on creating incentives  and pathways for the new generation of breakthrough therapies.   Two years ago, these efforts culminated with the passage of the 21st  Century Cures Act, which I am proud to be a champion of. The 21st  Century Cures Act went through regular order, including hearings;  Member discussions; and compromises between regulators, stakeholders,  and regulators.   It is not easy or quick, but regular order works because it gives the  committees of jurisdiction the opportunity to debate and refine the  legislation. This legislation we are currently considering did not go  through regular order. In fact, it was just introduced earlier today,  purposely avoiding consideration before our Energy and Commerce  Committee due to its shortcomings.    I hope we can agree on the importance of following regular order and  observe our Chamber's rules and traditions. The American people deserve  nothing less. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand  up for Americans facing these serious and life-threatening diseases by  opposing this unnecessary and potentially dangerous legislation.   