 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Prior to coming to Congress, I worked for 30 years as a labor and  employment attorney in Alabama. I advised clients on how to prevent  sexual harassment and how to navigate the process if a harassment claim  was made. Quite frankly, I was shocked to see how complicated the  congressional process for handling sexual harassment and other  employment law claims was.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation is a shining example of how Congress  should work. Chairman Harper and Ranking Member Brady engaged a  bipartisan group of Members, including Representative Jackie Speier and  me, interested in solving this problem. After months of thoughtful  negotiation, we come to the floor today with a product that this House  and the American people can be proud of.   Under this legislation, we will bring the congressional workplace  into the 21st century and ensure that Congress plays by the same rules  as the private sector.   There are far too many important reforms to mention all of them, but  I want to highlight a few that I think are especially transformative.   First, the bill creates a fair and simpler process for employees to  file an employment law claim and for the claim to be resolved. The bill  creates  [[Page H805]]  an Office of Employee Advocacy to ensure staff has access to legal  counsel just as Member offices are provided. The process is also  simplified to make the claims process smoother, faster, and fairer.   Second, the bill increases transparency by requiring that basic  information about any sexual harassment or other claims be made public  so the American people are fully aware of what is happening in  Congress.   Third, the bill will ensure that Members of Congress, not taxpayers,  are responsible for paying out sexual harassment settlements that they  are responsible for.   Fourth, the related resolution paves the way for every congressional  office to have a clearly defined antiharassment and antidiscrimination  policy. This reform alone will result in greater awareness.   Fifth, the resolution prohibits Members of Congress from engaging in  a sexual relationship with any staff member under their supervision and  makes clear that sexual harassment is a violation of the Code of  Official Conduct and will not be tolerated.   In closing, I want to again thank Chairman Harper and Ranking Member  Brady for their leadership on this issue, and I strongly urge my  colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation and the related  resolution.   