 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues and to  associate myself with their remarks on the critically important issue  of unlimited and unaccountable money in our political system. I would  like to thank my colleague from Rhode Island, Senator Sheldon  Whitehouse, for organizing this speaking series and for being a  national leader on the issue of campaign finance reform.   While my colleagues make important points about how our rigged  campaign finance system can and does serve as a channel for anonymous  billionaires and special interests to exert undue influence across our  political system, I would like to focus my remarks on a related issue:  how our broken campaign finance system also threatens our national  security.   There is no serious dispute that malign foreign actors like Russia  are working to subvert our democratic processes and sow chaos in our  political system. As we have seen, their strategies depend not on  direct conventional attacks upon our Nation, but an  [[Page S2425]]  asymmetric approach that exploits the existing divisions and  vulnerabilities of our open society, our democratic institutions, and  our free markets.   Even though we are now aware of this, we have not taken the necessary  steps to repair the situation. Indeed, our Nation retains a campaign  finance system that empowers anonymous donors to funnel unlimited  amounts of money to influence public policy at every level of  government, and to hide their actions behind corporations.   This misguided system, which fell into place in the wake of the  Supreme Court's Citizens United decision in 2010, allegedly has been  exploited by foreign adversaries to advance their agendas on our soil.   How does this threat work? Prior to Citizens United, an incorporated  entity did not have the same right as a flesh-and-blood human being to  make contributions and expenditures in elections. This distinction  makes sense. Corporations typically are permanent legal entities. They  can amass outsized sums of wealth and, critically, they can shield the  human beings behind them from scrutiny and liability. It is easier for  those who wish to circumvent the laws protecting our democratic system  to do so from behind a corporate mask. Thus, when the Supreme Court  gave corporations the right to make unlimited independent expenditures  in elections, it also opened the door for those who wish to hide their  election spending to cover their tracks with shell companies and other  entities that only exist on paper.   Our Nation historically has sought to safeguard our system of  government from foreign influence. The Constitution requires the  President to be a natural-born citizen. Early lobbying disclosure  reforms were crafted with the threat of foreign propaganda in mind. And  it remains a Federal crime for a foreign national, directly or  indirectly, to spend money to influence our elections. But how can we  know that authorities have the tools they need to enforce the law  consistently when the law permits donors to funnel unlimited sums into  elections and cover their tracks with shell corporations?    There are serious allegations that foreign actors have taken  advantage of this vulnerability in our system. CNN reported in early  April that Special Counsel Mueller is investigating whether Russian  oligarchs used donations to think tanks, political action committees,  and straw donors to cover their illegal campaign spending in the 2016  cycle.   One figure who is suspected of this type of malign influence-peddling  is Alexander Torshin. Torshin is the deputy governor of the Central  Bank of Russia, a close Putin ally, and was recently sanctioned by the  Trump administration, along with other oligarchs and high-ranking  Russian Government officials. Multiple press reports stemming from  documents turned over to congressional investigations by Trump campaign  associates detail how Torshin allegedly cultivated people associated  with the NRA to influence the 2016 election. His ultimate goal  allegedly was to arrange a meeting during the campaign between then- Candidate Trump and Putin. Press reports indicate that the FBI is  currently investigating whether Torshin illegally funneled money to the  NRA to assist the Trump campaign in particular.   Indeed, if Russia did use the NRA to circumvent public scrutiny of  its electoral meddling, it would have been following the same pattern  as the Koch network. Robert McGuire from the Center for Responsive  Politics stated: ``We've seen some of the groups in the Koch network  give large, six and seven figure grants to the NRA--knowing that the  NRA is going to spend the money on ads in an election. . . . The  Russians could easily have funneled money into the NRA coffers using a  similar pathway. . . . A legal, ostensibly apolitical donation to the  NRA by Russia could have freed up other restricted funds to spend on  politics.''   While money is fungible, it is quite striking that the NRA spent over  $30 million to assist the Trump campaign--two-and-a-half times more  than what it spent in 2012 to assist Mitt Romney.   These allegations regarding links between Russia and the NRA are  among the most widely reported, but there is evidence of other  instances where Kremlin-linked oligarchs and their allies allegedly  directed money into American elections. For example, Viktor Vekselberg,  another close Putin ally and oligarch who made billions from a  government-sanctioned oil deal, allegedly funneled over $250,000  through a U.S. corporation run by his cousin to spend on the 2016  election. The cousin had no prior history as a major political donor  before the last election cycle. Vekselberg was also recently sanctioned  by the Trump administration for his close ties to Putin and alleged  role in advancing Russia's malign influence activities. Special Counsel  Mueller is also reportedly investigating whether Vekselberg funneled  money into the 2016 election.   These are two illustrations of how those from Putin's inner circle  may have sought to influence our elections. Some of these methods may  appear legal because the source of the money on paper was a person who  is legally allowed to make expenditures on American elections. But  experts, like Louise Shelley, director of the Terrorism, Transnational  Crime and Corruption Center at George Mason University, doubt that  these sums could have entered our political process without approval  from the Kremlin. As she puts it: ``If you have investments in Russia,  then you cannot be sure that they are secure if you go against the  Kremlin's will. You can't be an enormously rich person in Russia, or  even hold large holdings in Russia, without being in Putin's  clutches.''   If sophisticated special interest groups in our country rely on dark  money to pursue their political agendas, and the Kremlin and Kremlin- linked actors can exploit this vulnerability, then it stands to reason  that other foreign actors can also manipulate our system. As long as we  maintain a system wherein a political spender can be a corporation that  received money from another corporation, which, in turn, received money  from yet another corporation, there will be no accountability in our  campaign finance system.   Even if it cannot be proved that illegal campaign spending is  changing electoral outcomes, I believe it is unacceptable for our  Nation to knowingly permit an open conduit for foreign meddling in our  elections, which has an effect on our national security. Our system of  government depends on public faith that election results reflect the  will of the American people.   Going forward, I intend to speak further on this topic and work on  ways to give authorities much stronger tools to prosecute the  laundering of foreign money in our campaign finance system. In my view,  this is not just an administrative or an election issue; this is a  national security and international criminal issue, and as such, there  should be investigations and prosecutions on that scale. I invite my  colleagues to work with me on this important issue, and I thank my  colleagues again for highlighting the need to take unaccountable money  out of our politics.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   