 Mr. President, I want to spend a few minutes talking  about the so-called criminal justice bill that we will soon be voting  on in the U.S. Senate. I want to make it very clear that I don't  believe there is a single, solitary Member of this body who would do  anything intentionally to jeopardize public safety. I don't believe  that for a moment. I do believe, though, that there will be some sharp  divisions over the merits of this bill. I don't intend to vote for the  bill, but I recognize that sometimes fairminded people disagree. What I  want to do today is to just share with you my perspective on this  legislation.   There are some things in this bill I really like--the provisions to  try to give prisoners job training and mental health counseling, and,  in some cases, give them the opportunity to obtain a GED--the so-called  anti-recidivism provisions. I support them. For years, I have argued  that there is no reason, with technology, that we can't give every  prisoner in State and Federal prison the opportunity to get a GED. I  support the part of the bill that would house inmates, when we can,  within 500 miles of their homes, so they can receive visits from  family. I think that might help them not to recidivate.   There are other things in the bill that I like, but let me explain  why I am not going to support--not going to vote for--the bill,  although I will have some amendments to try to make it better.   My objection is to the approach of the legislation. I think it is  backward. I believe the primary goal of a criminal justice system is  not deterrence. It is an important goal, but it is not the most  important goal. Neither is retribution nor rehabilitation.  Rehabilitation, deterrence, and retribution are important goals of a  criminal justice system, but they are not the most important. For most  Americans, the most important goal of a criminal justice system is  justice. Again, that is not to say that deterrence and rehabilitation  aren't important, but they go to the effectiveness of your penal  system. They have nothing to do with justice, which is what we try to  do here in the U.S. Congress when we establish rules for sentencing  criminals.   What is justice? It has been talked about, debated, and discussed  through the ages. I can tell you what justice means to me and what it  means to many people who are smarter than I.   Justice exists when people receive what they deserve. For example,  justice exists when the people of Tibet are allowed to worship the  Dalai Lama, because they deserve freedom of religion. Justice exists  when a rapist receives a penalty that is proportionate to his crime.  That, to me, is justice. I will say it again. Justice exists when  people receive what they deserve. I didn't say that--not first. I agree  with it. C. S. Lewis did in an essay called ``The Humanitarian Theory  of Punishment.'' Before C. S. Lewis said it, Immanuel Kant said it, and  before Immanuel Kant said it, Saint Augustine said it. I will say it  again. Justice exists when people receive what they deserve, and that  is what the American criminal justice system is about. It is not  supposed to be primarily about deterrence and rehabilitation, though  those are important goals. The ultimate goal is justice. That is why I  think this bill is backward.    This bill says our sentencing provisions, as established by the U.S.  Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives, are unjust. That is the  assumption in the bill. Rather than try to fix them, we are going to  give almost unfettered discretion--if you read the 150-page bill  carefully, and I have--to the bureaucrats in the department of  corrections to fix our mistakes. If you follow the logic of the  proponents of this bill, it is like putting paint on rotten wood. The  sentences are unjust, they assume. Therefore, we are going to give the  wardens and the Director of Bureau of Prisons the authority to let out  whomever he or she wants to.   I know there are checks and balances, supposedly, built in there, but  read the bill carefully. In the final analysis, this is going to be a  subjective call as to who gets out early and who doesn't.   If you wanted a debate on this floor of our sentencing provisions and  whether they are just, I would pounce on it like a ninja--I would be  here all day and all night--but I am not going to vote to pass the buck  to the bureaucracy and trust it to do the right thing. That is our job.  If the sentences are unjust, then, by golly--by God--let's fix them,  but let's not just give our authority to the Bureau of Prisons and  expect it to fix our so-called mistakes.   Now, I am not conceding that we have made mistakes. I don't know  because we haven't focused on the sentencing part. I am not sure that  this body has the courage. I am just not sure we have the courage, and  that disappoints me. That is why I am against this bill. We have talked  a lot about rehabilitation, and we have talked a lot about deterrence,  which are both important things. Yet we have talked very, very little  about justice, and in the final analysis, that is what the American  people expect from us.   I am going to offer two amendments that, I think, will improve this  bill, and if my glasses had not fallen off, I would have read them to  you. Instead, I am going to tell you about them, but I wrote them down  carefully so I could try to be precise. They are very simple  amendments. Senator Cotton and I are offering these amendments  together. I am going to let him explain his amendment. Here is what my  two amendments would do.   My first amendment would say that victims count, that victims matter.  It would direct the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, before he  releases an inmate early--a rapist, for example, because the warden or  the director thinks he is nonviolent--to contact the victim of that  rape and say: Hey, I have made the decision to let this guy out early,  and I wanted to tell you about it, and I wanted to give you the date  that he is going to be released. I want to give you a chance to write  me a statement about how you feel about it, and I promise to read it.   It doesn't give the victim veto power. I wish it could. All it says  is that before a warden lets a child molester or a pedophile or a  rapist or a fentanyl dealer go, he has to call the victim, and if the  victim is dead, he has to call the victim's next of kin and say: Hey, I  have made the decision to let this person out. I wanted to tell you  about it.  [[Page S7756]]  Here is the date I am going to let him out. You have the right to write  a statement about it, and I promise you I will read it.   Some of our colleagues call that a poison pill. I call it fairness to  the victims. I call it common sense. I call it justice.   The second amendment is equally simple. It just says to the Director  of Bureau of Prisons: You are going to be letting these criminals go.  Once a quarter, you have to make available to the public, without  naming the inmates names--we are going to keep them anonymous--a list  of the people you let out of prison early. You have to publish the  crimes for which they were in prison. You have to publish their rap  sheets so we can know what else they served time for, if any, in  prison. You also have to tell the public whether they have been  rearrested and, if so, what for.   That is it. Some of my colleagues call this a poison pill. I call it  transparency, and I call it common sense.   I deeply regret--and I will conclude on this note--that I cannot  support this legislation, because I think there are ways we can improve  our penal system. In my opinion, if we want to do justice in a piece of  legislation, let's not do it by giving our discretion and our law- making authority to the bureaucracy to decide who gets to stay in  prison and who gets to go home early. We make those decisions ourselves  on the floor of the U.S. Senate, in front of God and country and the  voters. We don't hide behind a bureaucracy. That is why I am going to  oppose this bill.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Certainly, I will.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I don't  think there is a single solitary Member of this Senate who would do  anything to hurt public safety--and I mean that. Certainly, my  colleague Senator Durbin wouldn't, nor would Senator Grassley or  Senator Lee. My problem with this amendment, which Senator Grassley  explained very well, has nothing to do with an objection to faith-based  organizations participating in anti-recidivism. In fact, I am amazed  that the bill got this far with a provision that would prevent our  faith-based organizations from participating in the anti-recidivism  program. I am stunned that it got this far. So I certainly don't object  to that. Indeed, later on, I hope we can offer that amendment  separately.   I certainly don't object to Senator Cruz's suggestion that we not let  dangerous people out of prison. So I am all for that portion of the  amendment, and I hope we can deal with that separately.   What I am not for is extending the sentencing review commission and,  yet again, creating more bureaucracy, because that is my problem with  the whole bill. If you believe our sentencing laws are unjust, then I  am prepared to stay here night and day through Christmas, and let's  debate them and let's fix them, but that is not what this is doing.  What this is doing is giving away all of our authority as U.S. Senators  to nameless bureaucrats--I am not using that term in a pejorative  sense--in the Bureau of Prisons to decide who gets to leave prison  early and who doesn't. It is like putting paint on rotten wood.   So with respect to our Senator, my colleague, I object, with the  caveat that I hope he will bring the two good parts of this amendment  back later.    Mr. President, this amendment is very, very simple. This  is what it does. It requires the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to  do four things: No. 1, notify each victim--or if the victim of a crime  is deceased, the victim's next of kin--that the Bureau of Prisons  expects to release the inmate who committed the crime to the victim. So  step 1, the Bureau of Prisons has to notify the victim that the person  who committed the crime is about to be released.   No. 2, the Bureau of Prisons has to tell the victim--that word is  used enough in this bill--the date that the inmate will be released.   No. 3, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons has to allow the victim  or the victim's next of kin to make a statement about the inmate's  release. It doesn't give the victim veto power, but the victim is  allowed to make a statement. Finally, it requires the Director of the  Bureau of Prisons to review that statement.   Now, this bill spends billions of dollars on our criminal justice  system and on criminals--certainly hundreds of millions of dollars--but  it doesn't do much for victims. All this bill would do is say that  victims have some rights, too, and the victims' rights are very simple.   Let me give an example. If a rapist is about to be released from  prison early, the Bureau of Prisons has to tell the rape victim that we  are letting him out early and the date we are letting him out. The  victim is entitled to make a statement, and the Bureau of Prisons has  to read it. That is the least we can do for victims under this bill.    Mr. President, I know there has been some confusion  about these amendments, as one sort of bleeds into the other, so  without repeating myself, I want to describe this amendment very  quickly.   This amendment would require the Director of the Bureau of Prisons,  on a quarterly basis and without using the released inmate's name--so  it would be anonymous--to publish, No. 1, the crime for which the  inmate is or was imprisoned--I am talking about the released inmate-- the Bureau has to publish, No. 1, the crime for which the released  inmate was in prison; No. 2, prior crimes for which the inmate was in  prison--some would call that his rap sheet; No. 3, whether the released  inmate has been rearrested, and if he or she has, what for, and the  information would be broken down by State. This is merely reporting,  and the objective is transparency.   Now there are provisions of this amendment--I don't want to mislead  anyone--that will reassert the right of the victim to be notified when  an inmate is released. I will just sum up by saying that I don't want  to mislead anyone. There is a victim's right of notification provision  in this amendment as well, but it is primarily a transparency  provision.   I will be glad to answer any questions.   I yield my time.   