 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, in offering this amendment, let me just start  by letting folks know that I am offering this with my colleague,  Representative Ellison, who could not be with us today.   Back in 2015 there was a bipartisan coalition of Minnesota lawmakers  working with the folks on the committee, acting to protect Minnesota's  northern lakes and rivers from the spread of invasive species:  specifically, Asian carp.   Asian carp have spread up the Mississippi River System compromising  water quality and crowding out native fish and sensitive species. So  Congress stepped in and decided to instruct the Army Corps of Engineers  to close the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock to commercial navigation to  help mitigate the threat of the northern migration of this invasive  species.   With the upper lock closed, the Corps of Engineers undertook a  disposition  [[Page H4842]]  study of the lock and dam facility, and a vision for a visitor and  interpretive center at that site became a consensus goal of the  committee. The city of Minneapolis and the Minneapolis Park and  Recreation Board passed resolutions supporting repurposing the lock.   My amendment would expedite this study and expand upon this work by  authorizing a study looking into modifications to the Upper St. Anthony  Falls Lock and Dam to preserve and enhance recreation opportunities for  the space, as well as preserve the health of the ecosystem and maintain  portions of the lock and dam necessary to help maintain flood control.   Now, the upper lock, which is located in the heart of the Twin  Cities, is at the only major waterfall on the entire length of the  Mississippi River. It presents a very unique opportunity to transform  the waterfront of the Twin Cities. It is within the St. Anthony Falls  Historic District. It is culturally, historically, and recreationally  significant to the city and to our State.   The Central Riverfront is a jewel of the State, and the Stone Arch  Bridge and St. Anthony Falls are two iconic Minnesota features. The  public interest here cannot be overstated, Mr. Chairman. There are  several adopted plans for the area as a result, by the city, by the  park board, by the downtown council, local neighborhoods, and the St.  Anthony Falls Heritage Board. So, now, local governments have all come  together, reflecting a readiness and a commitment to engage in this  project. The upper lock disposition study should, therefore, move  forward expeditiously.   Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio,  Subcommittee Chairman Graves, for working with me on this amendment. I  also want to thank my colleague, Representative Ellison, who couldn't  be with us.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairman and my  colleagues again for supporting the amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   