 Mr. President, I thank the Senator and am honored to  follow my good friend from North Dakota.   It took courage for the Senator from North Dakota to be a leader on  this issue in committee. The Banking Committee fought hard and long on  this issue. I think there were 30 amendments that we discussed and  voted on in coming to this bill that we are bringing forward today. The  Senator from North Dakota was a shining star in that debate, one that  reminded both sides of what was most important--the people back home.  The Senator has reminded me today of something that I have come  prepared to talk about but that, I think, warrants merit.   The Citizens State Bank was my hometown bank, and it has been bought  and sold a few times. My father, who was a schoolteacher and a school  superintendent, was actually on that board. It was my first exposure as  to how banking worked. I remember going with my dad then, who was a  schoolteacher and didn't make a lot of money but who wanted a loan to  buy a car. At that time, I was a little older, but this was a 1954 Ford  that my dad had been driving. I am not really that old, but it was an  old car, and he wanted to buy a new car. I remember sitting off to the  side and listening to the conversation.   When you talk about relationship lending, relationship lending could  not go very long if that relationship lending didn't lead to a loan  that got paid back. I knew the lending officer because he taught me in  Sunday school. We saw him every week in church. His children went to  the school where my dad was the principal.   This is a different time today--I understand that--but the fact still  remains that relationship lending, as the Senator from North Dakota  just reminded us, should be at the core of what we consider here when  we talk about this being a lending institution, making a transaction  with an individual for him to then pay that loan back. That is what we  tend to forget sometimes because of the debacle in 2008.   Since Dodd-Frank has become law, over 1,700 banks have been closed.  Let me say that again. Since Dodd-Frank has become law, 1,700 banks  have been shut down. Most of these are community banks and regional  banks--entities that had nothing whatsoever to do with the financial  situation in 2008. While some in this body may see that as encouraging  signs that Big Government is now getting more control of the lending  principal in the banking industry, I think they are misguided. I think  they are overlooking the reality that these 1,700 banks aren't the  massive big banks or the very few banks that had responsibility in the  2008 financial crisis. These are local banks, credit unions, regional  banks--the banks supporting our Main Street, as the Senator from North  Dakota just reminded us. They are providing small businesses with  capital and sponsoring Little League Baseball games.   I grew up in Little League, as many Senators here did--and in  softball leagues and so forth. Right there in center field was The  Citizens State Bank sign, for, every year, they were involved in that  effort in that community. Yet, for nearly 8 years, those same small  town entities have been hammered by Big Government regulations that had  been enacted by the  [[Page S1355]]  Dodd-Frank Act. Credit unions, community banks, regional banks were  simply not responsible for the financial crisis of 2008, period. None  of the draconian rules put on them make them safer today than they were  in 2007. These onerous rules have subjected these small lenders to the  same regulation and compliance costs to which the major four or five  banks are now being subjected. Overall, it is estimated that compliance  costs for community banks have risen by at least 20 percent, but I  think it is much higher than that.   I met with a regional bank just this morning from Georgia, and their  compliance costs have gone up $400 million because of Dodd-Frank. That  is money that could be in the community in the form of loans; yet it is  now coming in the form of higher compliance costs. Some of those are  fines, by the way, coming from the Federal Government up here. That is  another topic for another day that we don't address in this bill.   This is eating up those small banks' bottom lines and is discouraging  some banks from offering some services to their communities--services  that small businesses and Main Street rely on for capital every day as  they try to grow. What happens when a bank grows? Lending grows. That  means small businesses grow. What happens when small businesses grow?  Jobs are created. Compliance costs run diametrically opposite to that  dynamic and do not increase or lower the risk.    The CFPB's qualified mortgage rule is a perfect example. This rule  has driven many community banks actually out of the mortgage lending  business altogether. So, while it was intended to protect the consumer,  yes, it protected the consumer all right. It protected him from being  able to get a mortgage.   Government restrictions on reciprocal deposits are what is at topic  here in this bill. Reciprocal deposits have created uncertainty around  this critical lifeline for community banks and especially minority- owned banks that have specialized in serving customers with limited  discretionary income and limited access to capital. Dodd-Frank is  crippling the ability of community banks and regional banks to serve  these communities.   We recently heard from one community bank in Georgia that has not  even established a residential mortgage department to serve the  community because of these draconian compliance regulations. Why isn't  it doing this? It is simply because the Federal Government--the people  in this room--decided a few years ago in the Dodd-Frank Act that they  knew more about the free enterprise system, the capital formation  dynamic, the relationship between a lending entity and a borrowing  entity, and how all of that translates into jobs and economic growth.  Because of that, we have ended up with this arcane Dodd-Frank rule that  overregulates these small regional and community banks.   Look, we are not trying to blow up Dodd-Frank. Many of us have taken  a big step back in terms of what we think we need to do in terms of  growing the economy in order to accommodate this bill. I think there  are some 14 cosponsors on the other side of the aisle, and I applaud  them for the courage that it has taken to work with us to get to a bill  on which we both give and take. In the Senate, the No. 1 criticism we  get back home is: Why can't you guys work together to get anything  done? Here is a shining example. If we can get it across the finish  line here and get a vote on this, we may have a tremendous example that  will have a dramatic impact on Main Street back home.   Small banks tend to spend too much time and resources dealing with  the regulation and compliance costs that this Dodd-Frank law has  created. Put simply, Dodd-Frank is just another one-size-fits-all,  Washington bureaucratic policy that hurts the very people it claims to  champion--the middle class and the working poor and those communities  that have the least access to capital to borrow. Fortunately, we have  an opportunity to do something today to fix these problems.   The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act  takes major steps to roll back Dodd-Frank's overreach. It will bring  relief to the more than 5,000 community banks across the country. It  will help free up capital for small businesses to invest in our economy  and put people to work. It will help minority-owned banks, again, to  provide a wider range of services.   In my State, the Citizens Trust Bank is a minority-owned bank in  Atlanta. Why is that important? You may have heard of that bank. Martin  Luther King, Jr., was a customer of the Citizens Trust Bank. Martin  Luther King, Sr., served on its board. Many distinguished Atlantans and  Georgians have been customers and members of the board of this  auspicious bank in Georgia. Citizens Trust, though, has been forced to  draw back its entire mortgage business because of the regulatory costs  that have been imposed by Dodd-Frank. This is counterintuitive. Thanks  to the action we are taking this week in the U.S. Senate, Citizens  Trust will be able to grow its mortgage business again because of safe  harbor provisions in this plan.   Citizens Trust is not alone. Carver Bank is a minority-owned bank  that has been serving Savannah, GA, for 90 years. The restrictions and  regulatory uncertainty on reciprocal deposits have limited its  resources. This bill we are voting on this week will more than remove  government restrictions on reciprocal deposits, meaning Carver Bank and  Citizens Trust and many others will have additional lending capacity  and lower compliance costs, which is another way to provide more  capital to the community.   This bill was written by both Democrats and Republicans. It is a  shining example of what people back home expect us to do up here--our  job. No, it is not perfect from my perspective. It is not perfect from  the Senator from North Dakota's perspective, but do you know what?  Between us, there is common ground, and we have found it. This bill  will bring relief to rural communities and help small businesses, which  will, in turn, grow our economy--something that both sides want dearly.  This bill also preserves and improves consumer credit protections.   A vote on this plan is a vote for Main Street growth, obviously. It  is a vote for rural communities and small businesses. It is a vote for  people who work with their local banks to secure capital so that they  can keep building the American dream.   I commend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for coming  together in support of this bipartisan effort, and I encourage every  Member of this body to think seriously about this and to support this  bill in its final passage.   I thank the chairman of the Banking Committee, the Senator from  Idaho. I cannot tell him how much I appreciate his leadership. This has  been a yeoman's effort, and I am committed to seeing this through,  across the finish line, and getting a vote on it this week. I thank him  for his leadership.   