 Madam President, I am about to speak on an amendment to  the underlying appropriations bill. My amendment is No. 4004. Before I  do, I ask unanimous consent that the following Senators be added as  cosponsors to amendment No. 4004. They are Senators Baldwin, Menendez,  Van Hollen, Blumenthal, Reed, Feinstein, Markey, and Carper.    Madam President, maybe one of the most memorable moments  from Secretary DeVos's confirmation hearing was her response to a  question I posed to her. I thought I was giving her a softball. I  thought I was giving her a very easy question at the end of my 5  minutes when I posed a simple question to her as to whether she thought  it was a good thing to have guns in schools.   I thought she would give me an answer about how, of course--in  listening to teachers and parents, as she claims to have done during  her career in education--having more guns in schools was not the right  thing in order to protect our kids. Instead, she said yes. In fact, she  thought that question should be largely up to the States because of  potential ``grizzlies''--the idea that there are some schools that may  need guns inside to protect against wild animals.   I assume she would probably answer that question differently today,  as it has become a butt of jokes. Yet, as it turns out, what we may be  learning today is that the Secretary was, indeed, serious. Reports this  morning suggest that Secretary DeVos is planning to do the bidding of  the firearms industry and put our kids at risk by allowing Federal  funds to be used to arm teachers, which is in direct contravention of  Federal law.   I have offered an amendment that will reiterate what has been the  policy of this Congress--not of Congress in general but of this  Congress--which is that Federal funds should not be used to arm  teachers. Let me speak about why we have taken that position as a  Congress, why Republicans and Democrats have voted for legislation that  prohibits Federal dollars from being used to arm teachers.   First, we listen to teachers when we set educational policy, and  teachers have told us they do not want to be responsible for carrying  firearms. Two different polls that have been taken of teachers suggest  that three out of four definitively state they think their kids will be  less safe, not more safe, if these teachers are armed. They tell us  that because they know how difficult a teacher's job is.   I have a first grader and a fourth grader in the public schools, and  I am in awe of how many things we ask our teachers to do. We ask our  teachers to teach earlier than ever before; we ask them to be social  workers; we ask them to engage in conflict resolution; we ask them to  be nurses; we ask them to teach a range of children; we ask them to  interact with the community and show our kids a broader view of the  world; and we, as parents, want them on call to answer our questions  all of the time.   Our teachers are probably the greatest multitaskers in this country,  and they don't want an additional job description of having to be  trained to carry a firearm at all times in order to guarantee that  firearms stay out of the reach of little children. Earlier this year,  we saw a series of events which showed us what happens when you do put  guns inside classrooms.   In one incident, a teacher accidentally discharged his gun at a high  school in California. Ironically, it was during a class that was  devoted to teaching public safety. Three kids were injured when that  gun accidentally went off.   In another incident this year, a school resource officer accidentally  discharged his weapon while he was inside a school in Alexandria, which  is just down the street from the U.S. Capitol. In Maplewood, MN,  earlier this year, a third grader managed to pull the trigger on a gun  in an officer's holster and fire a bullet into the floor. On that same  day in Florida, a parent discovered one school resource officer's gun  in a faculty bathroom.   It is important to note, those last three incidences were with  respect to school resource officers whose entire jobs are to engage in  public safety and who, in these cases, I would assume, had serious  training on how to handle weapons. So, if these mistakes are being made  with school resource officers, imagine what will happen when first  grade teachers and art teachers, whose jobs are not primarily to learn  how to handle and store and protect firearms, are equipped with these  weapons.   The evidence also tells us that putting more guns into facilities-- putting more guns into the hands of civilians--does not solve the  problem we identify.   A comprehensive study on the effects of right-to-carry laws across  the country has found that violent crimes had actually increased each  additional year after right-to-carry laws had been passed. In fact,  they had increased by 13 to 15 percent in the 10-year timeframe after  the right-to-carry laws had been put into effect.   Another study of 111 of the most recent gun massacres has shown that  not a single one of them had been interrupted by an armed civilian.   The FBI has done its own analysis in which it has shown that unarmed  citizens--civilians--are more than 20 times more likely to end an  active shooting than are armed citizens, excluding police officers or  security officers.   The data tells us this is not the way to protect our kids. Teachers  are telling us this is not the way to protect our kids. Most  importantly, Congress has told the Secretary this is not the way to  protect our kids.   Earlier this year, as part of the Omnibus appropriations bill, we  passed the STOP School Violence Act. This is a new source of funding  that allows for schools to engage in trying to keep their kids safe. It  is a very important piece of legislation that is supported by  Republicans and Democrats.   Admittedly, this is not the source of funds Secretary DeVos is  supposedly going to offer guidance on, but it is important to note that  when we set up a new fund that is specifically dedicated to make  schools safer, we wrote into the legislation this phrase within this  new appropriated account: ``No funds To provide firearms or training-- No amounts provided as a grant under this part may be used for the  provision to any person of a firearm or training in the use of a  firearm.'' That is Republicans and Democrats doing that together.   More importantly, the statute she claims to be relying on, or  reportedly is going to offer guidance on, is title IV, which is kind of  a grab bag of Federal dollars to be used for a variety of school  initiatives. In that statute today, title IV offers this to the  Secretary.   It reads: ``[W]ith respect to violence, the promotion of school  safety, such that students and school personnel are free from violent  and disruptive acts . . . through the creation and maintenance of a  school environment that is free of weapons.''   The title IV language allows for money to be used to try to quell  violence, but there is a specific phrase that seems to give clear  guidance to the Secretary because you can use the grant for a school  environment that is free of weapons. Yet, reportedly, the Secretary is  about to issue guidance that says that money can be used to load  schools up with weapons, which is in direct contravention of the  statute itself and is certainly in contravention of the spirit of  Federal education law, given the act we passed earlier this year that  prohibits school safety dollars from being used to arm teachers.   I understand the hour is late on the appropriations bill and that it  is very unlikely that my amendment is going to get a vote. My amendment  would make clear that title IV dollars cannot be used to arm teachers.  Yet I hope, as this bill ultimately heads to conference, we will  revisit the clear congressional intent we have expressed this year of  keeping Federal funds away from arming teachers.  [[Page S5886]]    I hope the Secretary, as she considers whether to issue this guidance  to States, will look again at the statute and come to the conclusion  that she does not have the authority to allow States to use Federal  money in order to arm teachers.   As it turns out, it was not a joke. It was not just a phrase she  uttered in a congressional hearing that drew a lot of attention on the  internet. Secretary DeVos is reportedly considering allowing Federal  funds to be used to arm teachers. That is not what parents want. That  is not what students want. That is not what teachers want. That is also  not what the evidence tells us will make our schools safer. I hope she  listens, and I hope, ultimately, this Congress acts.   I yield the floor.   