 Madam President, just 3 months ago, Congress passed and  the President signed a $1.3 trillion omnibus spending package for the  year 2018. No one had time to read it, much less an opportunity to  amend it on the floor. The President vowed that never again would he  sign such a measure. Collectively, we lamented the absence of process  and the excess of partisanship that had led to that point once again.  The collapse of regular order had become the new normal, despite our  usual resolutions to revive it.   I am pleased to report today that the Senate Appropriations Committee  has charted a different course in the months since the 2018 omnibus  became law. In April of this year, I began working with Vice Chairman  Leahy and our colleagues on the Appropriations Committee to put into  motion an aggressive schedule to mark up all 12 appropriations bills  before the July 4 recess. Thus far, the committee has passed seven of  these bills. This week, the committee will mark up three additional  bills, and in the final week of June, we will consider the remaining  two. At the moment, we are right on schedule.   What has been truly remarkable, however, is not the speed of the 2019  appropriations process but the bipartisanship that has given it new  life. All seven of the bills passed by the committee thus far have  garnered overwhelming bipartisan support. Most of them, in fact, have  been approved unanimously. This is no small accomplishment in today's  partisan political environment.    At this point, I pause to recognize Vice Chairman Leahy's significant  contributions to this effort. Senator Leahy and I have known each other  for many decades now. In fact, our combined years on the Appropriations  Committee exceed the ages of many of our colleagues.   On this basis, we came together at the outset of the process and  determined that only by uniting would appropriations bills make it to  the Senate floor and beyond. He and I made a deal, the essence of which  POLITICO succinctly summarized in the headline of a recent article,  entitled: ``Poison pills banished from Senate spending bills.'' That is  what we hope.   As part of this deal, Vice Chairman Leahy and I agreed to reject not  only partisan riders--our own too--but also new authorizations in the  2019 appropriations bills. We resolved that Senators on both sides who  would be looking to authorize new law in appropriations bills would be  referred to the appropriate authorizing committees. As the  appropriations process has unfolded, I have honored this deal, Vice  Chairman Leahy has honored this deal, and our subcommittee chairmen and  ranking members have honored this deal. The results speak for  themselves.   Last week, for example, the Interior, Environment, and Related  Agencies appropriations bill passed unanimously out of committee. One  would have to go back nearly 10 years to find the last time the  Interior bill garnered such strong bipartisan support.   I recognize that today we are still early in the game and that many  contentious issues lie ahead, but I believe we have established a  framework for success in returning to regular order. It is now time to  translate this success to the Senate floor. Members of the  Appropriations Committee, including the Presiding Officer, through  their discipline and adhering to this framework, have demonstrated that  their perennial calls for a return to regular order have not been  hollow. We will begin today to discover whether the  [[Page S4014]]  full Senate is equally sincere in its resolve.   The package before the Senate combines three fiscal year 2019  measures that have been recently approved by the Appropriations  Committee: the Energy and Water Development appropriations bill, the  Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies  appropriations bill, and the Legislative Branch appropriations bill.   The Energy and Water Development bill provides $43.7 billion in  discretionary funding--a $566 million increase over the 2018-enacted  level. The bill addresses critical national security needs concerning  nuclear energy, while it also improves our water infrastructure and  invests in basic science and energy research for this Nation.   Senators Alexander and Feinstein, the chairman and ranking member of  the Energy and Water Development Subcommittee, have crafted, I believe,  a balanced, bipartisan bill that passed the full committee by a 30-to-1  margin.   The Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies  bill--the second bill--provides $97.1 billion in discretionary funding,  which is $5.1 billion above the 2018-enacted level. This bill supports  investments that will ensure maximum readiness and warfighting  capability for our troops, while it also provides funding for needed  improvements and innovations at the VA.   Senators Boozman and Schatz, the chairman and ranking member of the  MILCON, VA, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, wrote a strong bill that  received unanimous support of the full committee.   Finally, the Senate's Legislative Branch bill provides $3.3 billion  in discretionary funding, which is $68 million above the 2018-enacted  level. This bill, the third bill, makes important investments in the  safety and security of those who are working in Congress and those  citizens who are guests, visiting our Capitol. Chairman Daines and  Ranking Member Murphy, of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee, also  drafted a strongly bipartisan bill that garnered the unanimous support  of the full Appropriations Committee.   I thank Chairmen Alexander, Boozman, and Daines and Ranking Members  Feinstein, Schatz, and Murphy this morning for their continued hard  work and leadership on these bills.   As we move to the consideration of these bills today on the floor, I  urge all Members to submit any amendments they have as soon as  possible. Vice Chairman Leahy and I are committed to having an open  amendment process, as are each of the subcommittee chairmen and ranking  members, who will be managing their respective parts of these  legislative packages. Just as they worked diligently to accommodate as  many Members' requests as possible during the committee process, they  intend to accommodate as many amendments as they can on the floor.   To recap for the benefit of the Members, we are not interested in  poison pill riders, and we are not considering new authorizations of  law, but we are interested in discussing substantive amendments that  are germane to this package. This is the path, I believe, that leads us  back to regular order. It is my hope that we will not be led astray,  down the path of delay and partisanship, which would result in yet  another omnibus. That is no way to fund the government.   Let's debate and dispose and do our job on behalf of the American  people. Let's demonstrate to the American people that our collective  call for a return to regular order was not just for show. Let's  complete our work on this package in a timely manner so we can move on  to the considerable work that lies ahead.   I take this moment to thank all Senators for their input and their  cooperation in this process thus far.   I yield the floor.   