 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman's leadership on  this.   Mr. Speaker, this is about keeping America safe. This is not a  complicated vote, but it is an important vote that really defines  whether or not we are going to stand for border security in this  country.   For decades it has been promised. There have been bills going back to  the 1980s where we were promised that we were going to get a secure  border, and it never happened.   So now we have a President who ran on this issue. This isn't  something that just popped up. It was front and center during the  campaign.   He said: I am going to secure the border. I am going to build a wall.   The people on the other side, our Democrat friends, said they didn't  want that. Some of them actually said they want open borders. Some on  the other side, Mr. Speaker, have said they want to abolish ICE, the  very border patrol agents that are keeping the interior of America  safe.   Who are ICE? Who are the people they want to get rid of, Mr. Speaker?  Those ICE agents, last year alone, saved over 900 kids from human  trafficking. That is stuff that came across our border.   We are a Nation of immigrants and a Nation of laws. My great- grandparents  [[Page H10498]]  came here from Italy, and I am proud of that.   We, by the way, Mr. Speaker, let more than a million people into this  country legally every single year. The most generous country in the  world. We should be proud of that.   For those people who want to say it is a country of closed borders,  this is about getting back to rule of law. This is about keeping  America safe and saying there is a legal way to come here.   President Trump has said that. Even on asylum, he said, if you want  to seek asylum, there is a legal way to do it. But it is pretty hard to  claim asylum, Mr. Speaker, when you came through Mexico and you forced  yourself across that border and Mexico said: We will offer you asylum.  We will even offer you work permits and a job--and you said ``no.'' So  it is really hard to say you are claiming asylum here in America when  you turned down asylum in Mexico when you were coming across their  border.   So it is not about asylum. It is about rule of law. What do you say,  Mr. Speaker, to the millions of people from other countries all around  the world who are waiting--in some cases 10 years, 15 years, 20 years-- to come to America legally? They are waiting in these theoretical  lines, and they are doing it the right way.   Then you have got a few thousand people who say: We are just going to  storm across your border regardless. And the President stands up and  says: You know what, I want to secure this border.   We have a choice to make, Mr. Speaker. Are we going to stand with the  President and say we are going to give you the tools to secure the  border or not? It is a straight-up vote. You are either for border  security or you are against border security.   Let's not hide behind it. When you saw that meeting at the White  House last week when you had the Senate minority leader and the future  Speaker of the House going over to the White House, they didn't want to  give the President money for the wall because they didn't want to give  him a win.   You saw them. They were bragging. They just wanted to assign blame:  Are you going to take blame for the shutdown? But they said: We don't  want to give you money for the wall. And they have said it since.   So if they have got a personality conflict with the President, don't  let the security of this Nation get in the way of that.   This President said: This is something I believe in because I care  about the American people, and I have a responsibility to keep this  country safe.    I wish everybody who came here across the border wanted to come here  to seek the American Dream. But, Mr. Speaker, we know that there are  people that have come across this border with ill intentions for our  citizens all across the Nation.   Again, I mentioned last year the 900 children who were saved from  human trafficking. My colleagues have talked about the opioids, the  illegal drugs that come across our border.   Mr. Speaker, the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security  says, on average, every single day in America, 10 known or suspected  terrorists try to come into this country illegally.   Some on the other side have said: Oh, the number is not 10. Okay,  then, what is your number? How many terrorists coming into this country  illegally every single day are enough? I say none.   There is a legal way to come here. Those are the people, by the way,  that we know of. How many people that want to break our laws, that want  to do harm to our citizens, that want to jump in front of other people  who are trying to come here to America the right way, how many more  people have tried to come across that we don't know about because we  don't have a secure border?   So we have a President who says: I need tools.   And, oh, by the way, there are some things that are in law. Right  now, we, in law, tell the President where he can and can't build the  wall, what materials he can and can't use.   So he has got ideas. Mr. President has shown ideas of how to actually  build a better border security wall at a cheaper cost, and yet the law  prohibits him from building it cheaper, in a better way, more  efficiently for the American people. How ridiculous is that?   So we remove that in this bill and tell the President he can build  the wall however he wants, in the most efficient way, to keep America  safe.   Again, Mr. Speaker, as I close, we have got a choice to make. There  is going to be a bill before us in a few minutes that we get to vote on  to say, are we going to stand up for the rule of law and keeping this  country safe and supporting the President's ability to secure America's  border or not?   You can vote ``yes,'' or you can vote ``no,'' but don't hide behind  politics. This isn't about the personality of the person in the White  House. It is whether or not we are going to respect the rule of law and  keep America safe.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   