 Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking Chairman  Thornberry for his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor.   I strongly support H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act  for Fiscal Year 2019, the 58th consecutive NDAA passed by Congress.   I also want to thank our leadership--Speaker Ryan, Kevin McCarthy,  Steve Scalise, and Patrick McHenry--for their contribution to this bill  being a contribution to readiness. This is about increasing the top  line, increasing national defense spending, and increasing support for  our men and women in uniform. I want to thank them for their leadership  in accomplishing that.   I have the privilege of serving as the chairman of the Tactical Air  and Land Forces Subcommittee, and I would like to recognize our  subcommittee ranking member, Ms. Niki Tsongas. I want to thank Niki for  her support on the subcommittee and as co-chair of the Military Sexual  Assault Prevention Caucus.  [[Page H7702]]    Throughout her tenure in Congress, Niki has worked in a solidly  bipartisan fashion to support our warfighters, improve the readiness of  our military, and help our servicemembers eliminate sexual assault in  uniform. She is leaving behind a strong legacy of accomplishments.   Within our subcommittee's jurisdiction, this bill recommends  authorization for over $97 billion in modernization funding that is  necessary to regain our advantage against peer competitors.   This bill recognizes the importance of the fifth-generation strike  fighter and supports the President's budget request for 77 Joint Strike  Fighters. It also authorizes the Department to procure an additional F- 35 aircraft if funds become available through cost savings and program  efficiencies.   The bill includes several oversight provisions to combat the  physiological episodes occurring in military aircraft. We now require  the Department to certify that all new aircraft will have the latest  technology to keep our pilots healthy and safe.   In the bill, Congress reiterates the importance of the Air Force's  JSTARS program. For more than 25 years, the aircraft has provided our  warfighters command, control, and surveillance of ground battle. JSTARS  have flown over 130,000 combat hours and will be an integral piece of  the Air Force's arsenal for years to come.   For the seventh consecutive year, this bill addresses sexual assault.   I encourage my colleagues to support this bill.   