 Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight as a proud  American. I am proud of the country's due process laws.   In this country, you don't go to jail indefinitely. In this country,  you don't just get picked up. In this country, you are entitled to have  a lawyer upon realizing that you are being charged. I am proud to be an  American.   Tonight, I rise on a mission of mercy, understanding that one of our  own, an American citizen, is being detained without charges, no lawyer,  and little knowledge of what has happened to him.   Imagine, if you will, Mr. Speaker, a wife anticipating her husband's  arrival. He is supposed to arrive at the airport with a friend on July  16. She finds out that her husband is not on the plane. She contacts  the airline. They indicate that he was not among those to be on the  plane.   She then panics, as anyone would, and she uses every means necessary  to try to ascertain what has happened to her husband. She finds out by  way of social media that, on or about July 6, he was detained and that  that detention is something that she can get very little information  about.   She is upset. She and her children are upset. They don't know what  has happened to this husband, this father. So  [[Page H7820]]  they reach out to their congressional Representative--who has done an  outstanding job, I might add. Congresswoman Walters immediately did  that which is necessary to protect an American citizen. She contacted  the necessary authorities, contacted the Secretary of State, contacted  the Ambassador, wanted to know what his condition was, and wanted to  know if he was in good health. She found out that he is okay, but has  not been charged.   Mr. Speaker, we, in this country, understand that when one of us is  being detained unjustly, every one of us has a responsibility to do  what we can to get that person released. Any American being held is  something that every American is concerned about.   Every Member of this House will take the position, I am confident,  that an American being detained unjustly should be released  immediately.   So I rise tonight, Mr. Speaker, on a mission of mercy asking the  Government of Vietnam to release this American citizen. He has not been  charged. He has no lawyer. He has friends and family who are waiting  for his return.   He was there as a visitor seeing friends. This is something that he  has done on previous occasions. I ask that he be released so that he  may be returned to his family.   In this country, we protect our own. He is one of us, and we want him  back. And we want him back right away.   I commend all of my colleagues for what they have said tonight, and  we will shine additional light on this issue. We will not rest until he  comes home where he belongs.   