 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of the  Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act.   For families in Michigan who are struggling to make ends meet,  figuring out how to pay for college is a big challenge. Young people  today who are graduating and entering the workforce face overwhelming  college student loan  [[Page H7853]]  debt. When considering financial aid options, we need to empower  students to make the best, fully informed decisions about their  futures.   This bipartisan bill will promote access to financial counseling so  students better understand the process and receive personalized advice  that speaks to their personal situations.    It also will provide counseling assistance for the first time to low- income students who participate in the Pell Grant Program.   I am grateful to Chairman Guthrie, Ranking Member Bonamici, and my  colleagues on the Education and the Workforce Committee for their work  on this legislation.   Encouraging financial literacy is an important step to help prepare  students for successful futures. I urge passage of this bipartisan  bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Thompson for this  Special Order but, even more importantly, for sponsoring this  legislation and giving many of us the opportunity to join with him  because, indeed, this is not simply a piece of legislation that changes  lives and saves lives, as it does, but it also changes history--the  history of individuals, the history of families we trust, and the  history of communities and this country--by doing the right thing.   This Special Order on the importance of the Family Violence  Prevention and Services Act takes this from just simple legislation and  the effort that goes there and puts human faces on it, and so I thank  the gentleman for that.   I am proud to be a cosponsor of this vital legislation that, for over  30 years, has been protecting and seeking justice for victims of  domestic violence, especially women and children, though also for men  and parents who are caught in a trap that, sadly, too often takes place  within a so-called family situation.   FVPSA was the first Federal law to address domestic violence; and  since the law was enacted in 1984, it has continued to focus on  providing shelter and services for survivors and children exposed to  domestic violence.   Every year, the National Network to End Domestic Violence conducts  its annual census, which provides snapshot of domestic violence  services provided nationwide during a 24-hour period. Last year, the  survey found that, in Michigan, my home State, on just 1 day, 2,359  Michigan residents were given shelter or provided services through a  domestic violence program. These are lives. 2,359 lives were touched  with this program. This included over 1,600 victims finding refuge at a  shelter or temporary housing arrangement, and over 400 calls to the  Michigan Domestic Violence Hotline.    I have had the opportunity to visit the SIREN/Eaton Shelter, which  provides indispensable services to the community surrounding Charlotte,  Michigan. The mission of SIREN/Eaton Shelter is to promote the  elimination of domestic violence and homelessness by providing  temporary housing, support, advocacy, education, counseling, and  information to victims and the community.   Whenever a victim reaches out for help, it is vitally important that  they have access to safe refuge, the support services they need to  protect themselves and their family, and hold their abusers  accountable.   Congress plays an important role in protecting victims of domestic  violence as well as children who are the victims of abuse. This  important legislation helps keep the lights on at domestic violence  shelters across the country so they can continue their efforts to break  the cycle of abuse for generations to come and, ultimately, change  history.   Mr. Speaker, a thank-you again to Representative Thompson for  sponsoring this bill and giving us the opportunity to join with him,  and also for holding this Special Order tonight to put faces, connect  faces and lives to legislation that can make a difference.   