 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to support the upcoming confirmation  this week of my friend  Jim Bridenstine to be Administrator of NASA.   We are now in our second year without a Senate-confirmed  Administrator of NASA. Not only has that been bad for the United  States, but it is also bad for the commercial space industry, NASA, and  all of us who prioritize restoring and strengthening America's  leadership in space. NASA needs a strong leader, and it will have that  strong leader in  Jim Bridenstine.   I serve as the chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee's Space  Subcommittee, and I am proud and deeply gratified that President Trump  chose to nominate Representative  Jim Bridenstine to lead NASA. I can  think of very few people I know who are more inspirational than Jim.  Unfortunately, throughout Representative Bridenstine's confirmation  process, we have seen cynical politicians attempting to malign his  character, despite the fact that he has spent his entire adult life in  public service.    Jim Bridenstine is a veteran and a war hero. He is a man of deep  character and deep integrity. Having served our Nation in combat as a  fighter pilot, he earned the respect of the men and women who served  under his command.   Representative Bridenstine's combat missions included airborne  battlefield command and control and tactical air control flights in  support of the liberation of Iraq, controlling over 180 kill box  interdiction and close-air support missions, resulting in the  destruction of countless tanks, armored vehicles, and time-sensitive  fixed targets.   Representative Bridenstine later transitioned to the F/A-18 Hornet  while on Active Duty, serving at the Naval Strike and Air Warfare  Center, TOPGUN command, where he flew both the E-2 and F28. There, he  received fitness reports from his commanding officers, which rated him  as ``the number one Hawkeye pilot and weapons and tactic instructor''  and ``the most tactically skilled pilot in the E-2 community.'' That is  a remarkable record, and it is one that has been followed by honorable  and distinguished service in the U.S. Congress.   Throughout my time in the Senate, I have been blessed to meet with a  number of astronauts. It is worth noting that quite a number of those  astronauts at NASA have backgrounds very similar to that of  Representative Bridenstine. He will be able to lead them as one who has  served in missions similar to the ones they have served in and are  serving now. I have no doubt he will be an effective leader of NASA and  will work to ensure the safety of the men and women who step forward to  save our country; that he will work to lead NASA in a way to ensure  that America continues to lead in space, and, in particular, that NASA  and the commercial space sector, working hand in hand, will move  forward to implement the bipartisan commitment this Congress has made  that man will go back to space and go to Mars and that, in particular,  the first foot that sets on the soil of Mars will be an American  astronaut landing to explore that next frontier.  [[Page S2245]]    I urge my colleagues to put aside partisan politics. If this vote  were on the merits, Representative Bridenstine should be confirmed 100  to 0 on the merits. I urge my colleagues to come together so we can  have a strong leader of NASA, an honorable war hero, and a leader who  will lead space exploration going forward.   