 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support my amendment to H.R. 6147, the Department of the Interior,  Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019. This  amendment would increase funding for the U.S.-Mexico Border Water  Infrastructure Program by $5 million.   As a Representative of California's entire U.S.-Mexico border, I have  seen firsthand the positive impact these programs have on communities  in my State and across all of the communities along the U.S. border.   The Tijuana River Valley is a beautiful transboundary watershed on  both sides of the border with a mixture of agriculture, preserved  habitats, and rural housing developments. Periodic rain in the region  produces a steady stream of cross-border flows of wastewater, trash,  and sediment from Tijuana into San Diego County. This has a devastating  effect on border communities, including Imperial Beach, San Diego, and  other residents in the Tijuana River Valley.   Last year, millions of gallons of sewage was discharged in the  Tijuana River Valley after a heavy rain. This resulted in prolonged  beach closures, which affected the quality of life and the public  health of the people in these communities.   Border Patrol agents also experienced very severe health  complications from exposure to sewage and to chemicals and toxic waste  along the border. San Diego County-based military installations are  also at risk of continued disruptions, which would affect their  readiness to combat threats.   Residents across San Diego County have grown increasingly frustrated  with the lack of progress on viable solutions. All too often, Tijuana's  wastewater infrastructure is unable to handle the heavy rains, which  result in sewage ending up on the U.S. side of the border.   The EPA's Border Water Infrastructure Program provides resources for  communities to build and enhance current long-term protections and  rehabilitation projects all along the entire U.S.-Mexico border.   The EPA investments in these wastewater projects are a key factor in  significant water quality improvements in U.S. waterbodies, such as the  Rio Grande, Santa Cruz River, the New River, and the Tijuana River. The  program's funding has made significant progress addressing public beach  health and the environmental impact of inadequate drinking water and  wastewater infrastructure along the U.S.-Mexico border.  [[Page H6448]]    The 2,000-mile border between the United States and Mexico is one of  the most complex and dynamic regions in the world, with a growing need  to address the transborder environmental issues; so I would urge my  colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for those words, and I  know that he wants to continue to work with us, and I look forward to  that. I would just add that the situation is getting much worse, and I  would also add that a number of these military installations that we  are placing right along the border, especially the Special Forces that  we have, the SEALS, I think are going to become more and more affected  by this sewage that crosses the border.   Mr. Chair, I look forward to working with the chairman and the  ranking member to see if we can find more money because this is a real  problem in San Diego, and I yield back the balance of my time.   