 Mr. President, today we mourn the loss of life of at  least 17 people at the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School near Fort  Lauderdale, FL. We are reminded that when we are asked to do something,  there are things we can do to help lessen the likelihood of such  terrible tragedies, recognizing that each of these circumstances is  unique, and we don't yet know everything that there is to know or that  we should know about this particular shooter. Suffice it to say, he  telegraphed on social media, according to reports, his intention to do  what he ultimately did.    We in Congress, the policymakers, need to come up with tools to be  available to law enforcement and the social media platforms to be able  to monitor these sort of terroristic threats much in the same way we  monitor social media for al-Qaida and ISIS and other terrorists abroad  who try to recruit people in the United States in order to kill our  fellow citizens in place. We need to not only think about and pray for  the families and teachers and support staff who have been affected by  this terrible act but conduct hearings and talk to the experts and find  out what kind of tools might be available to us.   I will mention another example of something we could do that would, I  am confident, save lives.   In my home State of Texas only a few months ago, we saw a mass  shooting in a small town called Sutherland Springs, which is near San  Antonio. The gunman there killed 26 people and wounded 20 more. He was  a convicted felon. Under existing law, he could not legally purchase or  possess firearms, but that didn't stop him from getting the weapons he  used to murder those 26 people and shoot 20 more. Part of the reason  was, his criminal history had not been uploaded to the National Instant  Criminal Background Check System, which is maintained by the FBI. So  the gun retailer, when he had gone in and lied on the background check  document, hadn't known he had been legally disqualified from purchasing  a firearm.   I have introduced legislation to try to fix that specific problem. It  is called the Fix NICS Act. The House has already passed it, but it is  awaiting action in the Senate.   Our churches and schools should be refuges--places where parents and  children, especially, feel safe and secure. Many of these shootings can  be prevented, perhaps not all, but we need to do everything we can.  Part of the way we can ensure that our children are protected is to  enforce current law--and not just our children but adults as well, as  we saw in Sutherland Springs. We can fix our broken background check  system and prohibit dangerous individuals who have been convicted of  serious crimes from acquiring firearms legally.   As I said, we don't know all of the facts of the Florida shooting,  and the circumstances, as is almost always the case, appear to be a  little cloudy right now. It may be we will find out there are some  clues that this shooter had been sending well in advance of this  terrible tragedy that might have prevented it from occurring.   There is no reason we cannot advance this bipartisan legislation, the  Fix NICS legislation, which has already passed in the House. I,  personally, am unwilling to face another family member who has lost a  loved one as a result of one of these mass shootings that could have  been prevented by making sure the background check system had worked as  Congress had intended.   Mr. President, on a separate note, this week, a group led by Chairman  Grassley of the Senate Judiciary Committee formally introduced a bill  to address the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals issue and border  security. It is a good starting point because it could actually be  signed into law and solve the challenge we have promised to address in  providing these young people who, through no fault of their own, find  themselves in a box. Because they cannot become American citizens due  to the fact that their parents brought them into the country illegally,  it would provide them a predictable and productive future. I am glad to  be a cosponsor of this legislation, which is called the Secure and  Succeed Act.   As the President has promised, it does provide a pathway to  citizenship for an estimated 1.8 million people who are DACA-eligible.  That is an extraordinary offer by the President of the United States.  Who would have ever thought this President would say to these young  people, ``We are going to give you a chance to become American  citizens''? That number is far more than those who were covered by the  Executive order that was signed by President Obama because, right now,  there are only about 690,000--I say ``only''--DACA recipients.  President Trump would make it 1.8 million.   Just as importantly, this bill provides a real plan to strengthen  border security by utilizing more boots on the ground, better  technology, and additional infrastructure, and it enhances and  modernizes our ports of entry through which many of the illegal drugs  come that flow into this country from the south.   This bill reallocates visas from the diversity lottery system, which  is just sort of like a roll of the dice, but it will do it in a way  that is fair, and it continues the family-based immigration categories  until the current backlog is cleared.   I know other colleagues have been working hard on their own ideas,  some of which were introduced yesterday and earlier this morning, but  one group I haven't heard much from so far is that of our colleagues  across the aisle who shut down the government over the weekend a couple  of weeks ago because they insisted we provide a time to address this  issue.  [[Page S1144]]    Indeed, in response, once they agreed to reopen the government, the  majority leader offered them that time and that opportunity, and that  is this week. Yet, so far, none of our Democratic colleagues have even  produced a bill. Rather, the bill has been produced by Senator Grassley  and his working group I mentioned. There is another bill by Senator  Collins and Senator Rounds, which we will be voting on here shortly.  Then, I believe, Senator Gardner and Senator Bennet have another  proposal. The very folks who shut down the government over this issue  have failed to produce a plan in response to this demand that we have a  debate and that we have a vote to try to address the problem.   On Tuesday, the majority leader tried twice to open the debate and  start voting, but, both times, there were objections heard by our  Democratic colleagues--this despite their repeated promises over the  years to address the DACA issue once and for all. Now the clock has run  so we can finally get started, and we will start voting, as I  understand the majority leader's unanimous consent request, at about  2:30 today. We are just getting started in our voting due to the  stalling and the lack of, really, much debate. Certainly, there have  been no substantive offers up until this point from our colleagues  across the aisle.    I believe sincerely that Republicans and Democrats alike want to  provide certainty to these DACA recipients, but we have to address the  underlying problems with our border security and our flawed immigration  system as well.   I know our colleague from Pennsylvania has introduced an amendment to  end dangerous sanctuary city policies. It is simply unacceptable for  local jurisdictions to decide they are not going to cooperate with  Federal law enforcement agencies. We are a nation, and we are a nation  of laws, so the idea that some local group could decide not to  cooperate with Federal law enforcement authorities ought to worry all  of us.   Even though this amendment has been endorsed by the Federal Law  Enforcement Officers Association and the National Association of Police  Organizations, many of our colleagues across the aisle will probably  vote against it. That is especially odd since some of them voted to  advance a similar sanctuary city measure themselves in 2015.   Even more of our Democratic colleagues voted to advance what is known  as Kate's Law in 2016. It is named for Kate Steinle, the young woman  who was murdered in San Francisco by an illegal immigrant who had been  released from custody. Kate's Law would stiffen penalties for illegal  immigrants who have been caught entering the country repeatedly, as her  killer had done. What is controversial about that? If you break the law  repeatedly and we find you, there should be very serious consequences.  Perhaps Kate Steinle would be alive today had that been the case before  her untimely death.   I don't know why our Democratic colleagues refuse to vote for these  and other related proposals. I really don't get it. Yet I do know one  thing that is worth highlighting: Their unwillingness to support  reforms represents a stark departure from what they have said in the  past.   For example, in 2006, the senior Senator from California said:  ``Democrats are solidly behind controlling the border, and we support  the border fence. . . . We've got to get tough on the border.'' She was  then joined by then-Senator Harry Reid, who had made similar  statements.   The senior Senator from Colorado has said the Democrats still believe  in border security. That is good to hear. I wish their actions  reflected that.   In recent years, the junior Senator from New Mexico has said: ``It is  critical we have the personnel, equipment, and policies in place that  focus enforcement on the most significant public safety threats along  the border.'' I could not have said that better myself, but when it  comes time to vote, strangely, almost uniformly, our colleagues vote  no.   I agree with our colleague from Indiana as well, who went down to the  border a while back and said he had seen for himself just how bad the  situation was in certain areas. That is why he voted to hire more  border agents, penalize businesses that hire illegal immigrants, and  deport those who commit felonies.   My point is, we should all remember we are not as far apart as the  press would seem to make it. Now it is time to advance the bill to that  effect--not next time, not next month, not next year. We know the clock  is ticking. The President has given us until March 5 to get this done,  but if this week is any indication, our colleagues on the other side  don't seem to be in any particular hurry.   As the majority leader said earlier this week, we need to stop making  political points and start making a law. That means passing it out of  the Senate, passing it out of the House, and getting the President to  sign it into law. That is how you make law. Several weeks ago, as I  said, the majority leader made a commitment to hold this debate and to  hold it this week. He has lived up to that commitment, and now we can't  let it all just go to waste and squander this opportunity.   I am really shocked by that after the President made this offer of a  pathway to citizenship for 1.8 million young adults who were brought  into this country as children illegally by their parents. I have always  said we don't hold children responsible for their parents' mistakes.  That is why we should embrace this proposal by the President. I don't  know how you tell these young people we had the opportunity to address  their anxiety and the uncertainty in their futures by passing a bill  that encompasses the President's proposal and gives them a pathway to  citizenship. How do you look them in their faces and say we squandered  this golden opportunity, maybe a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity?   That is what this week is about. There are about 124,000 DACA  recipients in my State of Texas, and I will proudly cast a vote soon to  ensure that they stay here and contribute to our schools, our churches,  and our communities. We are a nation of immigrants, but we are also a  nation of laws, and you cannot have one without the other.   What this week is about is finding a bipartisan permanent solution  for these young adults but doing more than just that. I, certainly,  respect that some of our colleagues have introduced thoughtful ideas,  but we have to remember that, ultimately, we need to move a bill  through the Senate that can pass not only this body but the House and  be signed into law by the President.   This is not about grandstanding or making a political point. The idea  is to produce a result, one that we have all said we want. So let's not  waste any more time. Let's send the House and then the President  something that can become law and provide certainty to these young  people who are worried about their future and regain our legacy as a  nation that believes in the rule of law and security for all.   I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Arizona (Mr. McCain).   