 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from the  Northern Mariana Islands and my cosponsor, the lead sponsor, Mr. Nolan.  I also want to thank Chairman Bishop.   Chairman Bishop, I want to thank you as well. You did something for  us in Vermont with the Missisquoi River, and everything is working out.  You had your same skepticism of certain agencies, but Vermonters are  very grateful. You helped us then, and you are helping us now.   I will take issue with a little thing you said. You presented the  fact that this is going to go into Vermont. I heard it as an  afterthought. I may be a little sensitive, but the whole point of  walking 4,600 miles is to get to Vermont. That is what it is about.   This is covering all these States, starting up in the Plains and  coming around that bog hopefully, and it is going to connect up to the  Appalachian Trail that not only runs through Vermont, Mr. Nolan, but  runs by my house. I am going to wave to you next year when you have the  time of being a retired Member of Congress and you are marching across  that trail, when you get to Vermont, we are going to say hello and  invite you in.   The points you made are true. The economic benefit of this is really  substantial. It gets people out and around and into the communities.  The spin-off economic benefit is very substantial. In Vermont, our  whole trail system, which we are very proud of, as I note you are in  Minnesota, we estimate that about one in seven Vermont jobs depends on  outdoor recreation, about 51,000 jobs and about $5.5 billion in  consumer spending. And that is a big deal.   The other point you alluded to is something I really think is  important. It is good for the bottom line, but it is good for the soul:  the camaraderie, the family participation, the connection that people  have to where they live and the beauty of where it is they live.   It is interesting you have got sponsors from all of the States  through which this trail goes, and it didn't matter if it was  Republican or Democrat because all of us have so much engagement with  our citizens and ourselves where they have a sense of place in that  location where the trail goes through their land, and they get out  there, like you say, with the chain saws, and the amount of volunteer  work that goes into making these trails passable in winter and summer  is extraordinary.   So this whole effort on this trail and in all of our trails is  something that I think Congress should be doing as much of as it  possibly can. It is good for the economy, it is good for the heart, and  it is good for the soul.   This is very, very important to us in Vermont. The Appalachian Trail  goes through part of Vermont. The Green Mountain Corridor goes through  all of Vermont, and we have a number of other trails that sometimes  link up with snowmobile byways, some of which go across the land my  wife and I own. And your legislation I think is building on a very,  very ambitious and wonderful trail, the North Country National Scenic  Trail.   When you think about it, a person--you showed it on the map--can walk  all that way. Do you know what? There are people who are going to do  it. They are doing the Appalachian Trail, they  [[Page H4750]]  are doing the Pacific Coast Trail, and it becomes a lifetime effort for  them. They plan it, and they arrange with friends to meet and do it.  Whether you can do all of it, like Mr. Bishop probably could, and you  could, or some of it, which I could do, it is an opportunity out there  that awaits us, our kids, our grandkids, and future generations.   So, Mr. Nolan, I have got to say that it has been an enormous  pleasure to serve with you in Congress. You are one of the most direct  and forthright people whom I have seen here. I think as a piece of  legislation to pass upon the soon departure of your second round here  in Congress, this is really something that generations of Americans,  generations of Minnesotans, and generations of Vermonters are going to  have very, very fond feelings, look back and thank you, Rick Nolan, for  taking up the leadership on this tribute to our land and to our people.   I want to thank you for letting me be part of this effort.   