 Thank you, Mr. President. Let me also extend my thanks to  the Senator from Oklahoma for his cooperation and leadership.   As he indicated very accurately, on a bipartisan basis, we considered  numerous amendments. We were virtually unanimous at the conclusion of  the committee deliberations in terms of bringing this bill to the  floor.   His staff and the Democratic staff were working all weekend to  prepare a package of amendments, which we think can be accepted  unanimously as an initial step in the process, the managers'  package. Then, like Senator Inhofe, I would like to see a process where  we have a series of amendments from both sides, adequate time to debate  the amendment, and then a vote on the amendment as we move forward.  Then we are hoping to be able to do so in a very deliberate and  thoughtful way, and reach, we hope, in a timely manner, a point where  we have discussed the major concerns of all of our colleagues, voted on  many of them, and then ask for final passage of a bill that is worthy  of passage. Each year we have done so. This will begin to set us on a  path to conference with the House of Representatives and then a final  conference report here.    Once again, I thank the Senator from Oklahoma and concur that we  would like to see--and so far, his cooperation and his leadership has  engendered cooperation so we can have a series of amendments on the  floor.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I couldn't concur more with the Senator from  Oklahoma. We have both, in our careers in the Senate, seen debates on  the floor on the NDAA that were very open, that proceeded over the  course of several days, and that produced very sound legislation. Then  we have seen situations in which, frankly, no amendments could be  offered because almost immediately we were in a position of deadlock.  The majority leader, Republican or Democratic, filed the final cloture  motion and suddenly we were on final passage without amendments.   I think the bill is good. I think there are many important issues we  can debate. We might disagree on the outcome of the vote, but that  debate and that vote is very critical to the national security of the  United States.   So I do, in fact, concur with the Senator from Oklahoma.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I call up amendment No. 2756 to amendment No. 2700.    I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment  be dispensed with.   