 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a  colloquy with Senator Isakson.    Mr. President, I thank Chairman Isakson for the work he  has done on this important issue. It has been a long road to work  through reforming the VA. The VA is exceptionally complicated. There  are a lot of interests engaged with this. He has heard a lot of voices  from all over the country and all over this town in order to help  resolve some of the issues and bring them together.   This is exceptionally important, though, for our veterans--especially  for our veterans who live in rural areas that are very far from  healthcare.   Section 101 of this bill requires the VA to give access to community  care when a veteran's referring clinician agrees that furnishing care  or services in the community would be in the best interest of the  veteran after considering certain criteria--and this is very  important--things such as the distance they have to travel; the nature  of the care that is required; the frequency of the care, so they don't  have to travel back and forth, often for long distances; the timeliness  of available appointments; whether the covered veteran faces an unusual  or excessive burden. It includes the family and the veteran. So in the  conversation that is happening, it is not just a clinician making a  decision; the veterans are at the table, and their family is brought  into consideration.   This is important not just for so many veterans who have to travel  long distances; it is important for veterans who live close. The  chairman and I have spoken on this briefly before.   I have a veteran in my State who was at the Muskogee facility and who  was getting great care. I stopped by to visit veterans in the Muskogee  facility and went room to room visiting with people, checking on them  and their care. I asked how he was doing, and he said he had great  nurses and great doctors and has really done well.   My next question: Is this the first time you have been in this  facility?   He said: Well, no--kind of. I had cancer treatment a couple of years  ago. But they couldn't do it here in my town; they sent me to Seattle  to get my cancer treatments.   I said: Did your family get to go?   He said: No, sir. They couldn't go.   So that was the best facility.   He said: I got good care there, but I went a long way and spent  months and months away from my family getting chemo, radiation,  surgery, and then followup.   He would have loved to have done that at any number of cancer  facilities in Oklahoma. In fact, in Oklahoma City, there is a National  Cancer Institute--one of top 2 percent of all the cancer hospitals in  the country is right down the road.   The question is, Once this bill passes, in future situations where  veterans are  [[Page S2862]]  facing great need for specialties--like cancer and other issues--will  this be a situation where veterans will continue to be sent across the  country, away from their families, for care because that is easiest on  the VA, or will their family members and the frequency of visits be  brought to bear in that so they will be able to make the decision that  maybe they can get that great care locally?    Anywhere else. I thank the chairman for that  clarification. We look forward to doing what is in the best interest of  the veteran and the veteran's care--not necessarily what is the  simplest thing for the VA but what is in the best interest of that  veteran and their family.   I appreciate all the great folks at the VA who serve our veterans so  faithfully every day and will continue to be able to give them what  they need to do that but also help our veterans know that they are  going to be taken care of in the best possible way.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   