 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Land and Water Conservation Fund is  one of the Nation's premier conservation programs. In fact, I believe  it is the crown jewel of our conservation programs. The Land and Water  Conservation Fund has been an incredible program across the country,  saving land for future generations to enjoy, saving land that otherwise  might be lost and neglected for future generations--parts of our park  systems, our trail systems, parts of our communities.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund has been around for many years.  Yet it is set to expire on September 30.   The challenge we have in this Chamber is that it never seems to be  the right time to debate permanent authorization of the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. Again, it is a program that has incredible  bipartisan support. The Land and Water Conservation Fund expires  September 30. We need to not only reauthorize the program but to  permanently authorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Yet it is  still not the right time to debate it. It is not the right issue, not  the right bill, not the right moment.   I hope we can find a way to do exactly what we need to for our great  outdoors, for our economy, and for our environment to continue the  incredible work of this crown jewel of conservation programs. That is  why I have authored a bill with a number of my colleagues around the  country, including Senator Burr, who has been a longtime champion of  the Land and Water Conservation Fund--permanent authorization, full  funding for the Land and  [[Page S5401]]  Water Conservation Fund. That is why we put together an amendment to do  exactly what the American people want us to do, and that is permanent  authorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   I would ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and  call up my amendment No. 3424. I further ask that there be up to 1 hour  of debate equally divided in the usual form on the amendment and that  following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the  amendment with no intervening action or debate.   Before I enter that request formally, I would like to yield to  Senator Burr for a few comments.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from North Carolina,  who has been a true champion of the Land and Water Conservation Fund  for years. You can hear his passion, and you can sense the passion, and  you absolutely have an idea of his commitment. I am right along with  him in this effort to make sure that we do our job here and let the  American people's voices be heard for their support of this program and  through our action, which is moving forward with the permanent  authorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   Every corner of this country has benefited from the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. There were 330 million park visits in 2017. Every  State and many countries around the world have benefited from this  conservation program--from what this means to our country, what this  means to our economy, and what this means to conservation and to the  protection of our environment.   I look forward to fighting alongside Senator Burr as we move this  most important piece of conservation programs forward in the permanent  authorization and funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending  amendment and call up my amendment No. 3424. I further ask that on the  amendment there be up to 1 hour of debate, equally divided in the usual  form, and that following the use or yielding back of that time the  Senate vote on the amendment with no intervening action or debate.   