 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5576, the Cyber  Deterrence and Response Act. I thank Chairman Royce and Ranking Member  Engel and his staff for helping usher this bill through the Foreign  Affairs Committee.   The threats of cyber attacks on our country and the American people  are growing in their sophistication and frequency by the minute.  Targeted attacks against the Federal Government, private businesses,  and individual Americans continue to pose escalating threats to our  Nation.   Foreign adversaries like Iran, North Korea, Russia, and China have  developed sophisticated cyber capabilities that can disrupt our  networks, threaten our critical infrastructure, harm our economy, and  undermine our elections.   As Members of Congress, we must work to deter and respond to these  state-sponsored cyber attacks against the United States.   This is why I stand here today to urge support for H.R. 5576, the  Cyber Deterrence and Response Act. This legislation codifies and  enhances the substance of the cyber executive orders that are currently  the foundation of the United States cyber policy.   This bill will enhance cybersecurity by defining state-sponsored  attacks and establishing strong penalties for would-be attackers. It  will deter bad players from attacking the U.S. Government and our  businesses.   H.R. 5576 establishes a three-step process for the U.S. strategy to  respond to cyber threats.   The first step will require the President to identify and designate  individuals and groups who are responsible for and are complicit in  state-sponsored cyber attacks as critical cyber threat actors.   This name-and-shame tactic will expose current hackers and deter  future threats, making U.S. sanctions more consistent with other  successful sanction procedures, like the SDN, which is a Specially  Designated National list. The administration would then be taske with  imposing appropriate actions and sanctions on the designated actors.    A third step would include imposing additional sanctions against the  foreign governments that are behind these attacks. In this way, like  our State Sponsors of Terrorism list and the Trafficking in Persons  watch list, my legislation goes to the governments that are at the root  of the threat, not stopping at the agents that carry out the attacks.   As chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the  Pacific, I understand the importance of protecting our Nation from  malicious cyber attackers. Some of the worst offenders fall inside my  jurisdiction. It is vital that we improve our ability to thwart these  potential devastating cyber attacks.   Understand this: An attack on just one government agency or any  individual business is an attack on all Americans. To adequately  protect our national security from advancing threats, we must put  politics aside and put our country first.   The Cyber Deterrence and Response Act will do just that, and I  encourage all my colleagues to support this bill.   