 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to express my  strong support for the legislation we are debating, which will restore  economic opportunity, create jobs, help businesses grow, and help every  Nevadan as they work to achieve the American dream.   As a member of the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban  Affairs, I can tell you that this legislation is years in the making,  and I wish to thank the chairman of the committee, Senator Crapo, and  my fellow colleagues who are on the committee for their efforts to get  us where we are today.   For years the economy had been growing slowly after the great  recession. It was like a truck with a bad transmission. It was moving,  but it wasn't going anywhere fast. Today everything has changed. The  American economy has been primed, the engine has been started, and  through the work of the Senate and President Trump, the gas pedal has  been hit, and our economy is finally going full speed ahead.   Just a few month ago, we passed historic tax cuts for Nevada families  and for Nevada businesses. A typical Nevada family of four will roughly  get a $2,200 tax cut. We lowered the individual rates across the board  and doubled the standard deduction used by most Nevadans, allowing them  to keep more of their paycheck. This bill also included my efforts to  double the child tax credit, from $1,000 to $2,000, further easing the  tax burden on working families.   Overall, these tax cuts accomplish my three major goals of creating  more jobs, increasing wages, and making America more competitive around  the world. I am proud to have worked on these tax cuts, but Congress  can do more. That is why we are here today.   The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act  we are debating is the next major step that we must take to shift our  economy into another gear. This bipartisan bill tailors financial  regulations to protect consumers and help Nevadans have more access to  financial resources and more access to economic opportunities. It will  give Nevadans more choices when it comes to finding a loan to buy a  house, to buy a car to get to work, to start a business, and, for that  matter, to grow their business. Finally, this bill helps to ensure that  local lenders can grow their services for every community in Nevada.   This is the oil in the economic engine. It keeps not only cities like  Las Vegas, Henderson, and Reno running but all communities in Nevada,  such as Mesquite, Pahrump, Carson City,  [[Page S1657]]  Fallon, Elko, and Ely. This bill includes many bipartisan proposals  that I fought for. I am pleased that the legislation I offered with  Senator Menendez to ease workforce mobility for mortgage loan officers  who wish to move to Nevada or to change jobs is included in the base  text.   In committee I offered an amendment that was based off of legislation  I worked on with Senator Warner that would require the regulators for  credit unions to publish their annual budgets and to hold a public  hearing on that budget. It would increase public transparency and  ensure that Nevada credit union members have a voice in Washington, DC.   Working with my friend Senator Tester, we were able to include  language to increase congressional oversight of the Federal Reserve and  the Treasury Department in order to ensure that our best interests are  represented at international insurance discussions on capital  standards.   I was also pleased that language authored by Senators Perdue, Tester,  Donnelly, and myself was incorporated to require consumer credit  bureaus to provide free and timely security credit freezes to all  consumers. It also requires credit bureaus to provide consumers a  notice at any time of their consumer rights and for the credit bureaus  to tell consumers on their websites that they have a right to request a  security freeze, fraud alert, and an Active-Duty military fraud alert.   Additionally, this bill includes the Community Lender Exam Act that I  co-led with Senator Donnelly, which would allow more highly rated  community lenders to be examined every 18 months instead of 12 months.  This will help safe and sound local lenders to direct more of their  time and capital to Nevada communities and ensure the same level of  regulatory supervision.   With this bill we are seeing something rare in Washington, DC-- Democrats and Republicans working together to help Americans have more  economic opportunities. Let me say that again. This bill will help  Americans have more economic opportunities. That is why I am here in  the Senate--to give every Nevadan the opportunity to live the fullest  life and to achieve their goals. I look forward to voting to support  this legislation, and I would encourage all of my colleagues to do the  same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   