 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 393, S. 2644. I  further ask that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed  to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed,  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, I rise to speak in defense of Special  Counsel Robert Mueller and to defend the vital role he has played since  May of last year in yet another act of service to his country in what  has been a lifetime of distinguished service.   For his trouble, Mr. Mueller has been accused repeatedly and without  basis in fact of conducting a ``witch hunt'' in the course of his  current investigation by none other than the President of the United  States. So I would like to take this opportunity to say a few words  about what Special Counsel Mueller and his team have been investigating  and why, as the point of this vital investigation seems to have been  purposely confused and maligned by the White House in a rather alarming  way.   My colleague from Delaware, Senator Coons, and I have made the  unanimous consent request to bring this to the floor, but it has been  objected to already.   This bill is designed to do one thing: protect the integrity of the  special counsel's investigation and spare it of any influence or  interference from the executive branch, including from those who may  themselves be subjects of the investigation.   The findings of Mr. Mueller's investigation are of utmost importance  to the security of this country and to the well-being of our democratic  institutions as well. In America, as we all know, no one is above the  law. Our doctrine of separation of powers and the independence of the  judicial system is what sets us apart from lawless countries, and  Presidents do not get to determine who gets investigated and who and  what does not.   For the record and for history, this special counsel was appointed to  thoroughly investigate the attacks on our electoral system by elements  of the Russian Government during the lead up to our 2016 general  election. How such an investigation can be a cause of controversy is  beyond me. Surely, we all recognize it is essential to understand this  new form of foreign aggression so that we might better defend America  against such attacks in the future; right?   One would think there would be unanimous national resolve to get to  the bottom of such aggression from an enemy or foreign power,  especially a foreign power with whom we spent much of the second half  of the 20th century locked in a global ideological struggle, especially  when in their renewed aggression toward us, they have targeted the  institution we have and they don't--free and fair elections.   Vladimir Putin knows he could not defeat us on the battlefield, and  he knows the ideas at the center of his former empire were soulless and  bankrupt. He wants to rob us of what makes the United States superior  to his autocracy. His goal is to turn us against ourselves and, in  doing so, to try to destroy our democracy.   This is a matter of grave national importance. This is not a moment  for our national leadership to be weak or  [[Page S6945]]  irresolute or compromised in any way. Some of us in Washington have  seemed strangely incurious about just what the Russian malefactors did  to America in 2016 at the direction of Vladimir Putin.   Our President has been so incurious that at times over the past 2  years he has been eager to accept Putin's denials at face value. In  fact, our executive branch has generally been in such a state of denial  about the attacks on our democracy that the White House has not been  aggressive at all in defending against future attacks.   I defy any of us to name a threat so grave to which the government of  the United States--that we, all of us, including this Senate--has  responded so lackadaisically. Why is that? With the firing of the  Attorney General and, in my view, the improper installation of an  Acting Attorney General who has not been subject to confirmation by  this body, the President now has this investigation in his sights, and  we all know it.   My purpose here is not to divine the President's motives in his  seeming determination to sow doubt about and curtail Mr. Mueller's  investigation. If, as the President says, there was no involvement by  anyone in his campaign with the Russian malefactors, then this  investigation--properly conducted--will discover and document that.   Mr. Mueller has already brought dozens of indictments against Russian  nationalists. It is in the national security interest of the United  States to fully understand what they did to us in 2016. If the  President doesn't understand this, we must. If he doesn't prioritize  that, we will.   We--all of us--talk much in this place about the defense of ``all  that we hold dear.'' Those are the words we speak--``all that we hold  dear.'' What do we actually mean when we say those words? Speaking  personally, I can't think of values held more dear than the  independence of our judicial system and an electoral system free of  malign influence, either foreign or domestic. When I think of the  things we must hold dear, those things are right at the top of the  list. It is our sworn oath to keep it that way.   On one further note on this unanimous consent request that has just  failed today, Senator Coons and I are prepared to make it again and  again until there is a vote on this vital bipartisan legislation on the  Senate floor. I have informed the majority leader that I will not vote  to advance any of the 21 judicial nominees pending in the Judiciary  Committee or vote to confirm the 32 judges awaiting confirmation on the  Senate floor until S. 2644 is brought to the full Senate for a vote.   Mr. President, I yield to the Senator from Delaware.    Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Delaware,  Mr. Coons, and the Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Booker, for doing this  together with us to make sure that we have this bipartisan piece of  legislation here on the Senate floor.   It is not unremarkable to have such a bipartisan piece of legislation  pass out of the Judiciary Committee. We don't have very many bipartisan  pieces of legislation coming out of the Senate Judiciary Committee, but  this one was--by a vote of 14 to 7, including the chairman of the  committee.   There is no reason it shouldn't be brought to the floor. It was  passed out of the Judiciary Committee on April 26.   I should note that the Judiciary Committee has been busy sending  things to the floor during the intervening time. In fact, since April  26, when this bill passed the Judiciary Committee, we have sent 49  nominations through to the floor that we have voted on and confirmed  here on the floor. Since that time, the floor actually has voted on 50.  There was one that was already in the queue.   So on the floor, since this bill passed the Judiciary Committee, we  have voted on 50 confirmations of the President's nominees. Many of  these nominees were blue-slipped in Democratic States; some, in  Republican. We have been able to move on all of them. There is no  reason we shouldn't move on this vital piece of legislation to protect  the special counsel.   When the leader said in April that there was no move on the special  counsel, nobody was being fired, nothing to worry about here--if that  was the case then, that certainly is not the case now. Since then, the  Attorney General has been fired, and the oversight for this  investigation, which sat with the Deputy Attorney General, has been  wrested from him and turned over to someone who has not received Senate  confirmation, someone who has expressed open hostility to the Mueller  investigation. Does that not ring alarm bells around here? If that  doesn't, what will? Why are we so sanguine about this? This would  provoke a constitutional crisis. Yet, when we have the opportunity to  pass legislation to protect the special counsel, which received a  bipartisan vote in the Judiciary Committee, we fail to bring it up on  the Senate floor. Why?   Why do we do this to protect a man, seemingly, who is so incurious  about what Russia did during the 2016 elections? Why do we do that?   Do we have no more institutional pride here? Don't we more jealously  guard our prerogative as Senators than to simply let this go? What will  it take?   I am prepared--and I know that the Senator from Delaware is, as  well--to bring this up again. We will bring it up again until we can  get a vote on the Senate floor.   I hope in the next few days and in the coming weeks that the public  will rise up and say that this needs to be done. A bipartisan piece of  legislation that has passed the Judiciary Committee ought to be brought  to the Senate floor for a vote. We are not saying that it has to pass,  although we think it will; for sure it will. It has overwhelming  support. We are just saying: Bring it to a vote; bring it to a vote.  Until we do, the 21 nominations that are in the Judiciary Committee  waiting for a vote there will not receive a vote, nor will I give my  vote to the 32 nominations that are sitting here on the Senate floor.   This is important. This should be a priority. I thank the Presiding  Officer, and I thank the Senator from Delaware, and I will yield to  him.   