 Mr. Speaker, this week's stunning betrayal by President  Trump, choosing Russian President Vladimir Putin over our own  intelligence agencies, begs questions that we should never have to ask  about an American President: What does Putin have on President Trump?  Is he literally being blackmailed? Do we have a Manchurian candidate as  our President?   It is difficult to imagine any other explanation for Trump's constant  bowing and scraping at the feet of the Russian dictator or of his  refusal to hold Putin accountable for his election interference, even  after numerous indictments, including 12 Russian military officials,  and even after the arrest of a Russian national who was caught trying  to use the NRA as a tool to change U.S. policy toward Russia.   And it is hard to find any other explanation for Trump's constantly  calling Special Counsel Mueller's investigation a ``witch hunt,'' even  after so many indictments and multiple guilty pleas.   On Monday, our security interests of this country demanded that our  President speak out and seek accountability from the foreign adversary  who attacked it. But instead, the American people witnessed a  Manchurian moment, exposing that President Trump is so deeply  compromised on Russia that he is willing to alienate our European  allies, to blame our country for the strains in the relationship with  Russia, and to betray our intelligence and law enforcement communities  by casting doubt on their conclusions and accepting Putin's self- serving denials.   And so the world wonders: What does Putin have over Trump? Now, it  could be some compromising or embarrassing financial information, which  would explain Trump's refusal to release his tax returns.   Now, let's remember, candidate Donald Trump promised, if elected,  promised unequivocally that he would publicly release his tax returns  just like every other modern President. We are still waiting. But  Trump's position has evolved to an outright refusal, making him the  only President in modern history to refuse to share this information  with the American people.   Now, it could also be his nefarious dealings with Russia that Trump  wants to keep secret. Now, we know Trump and his family and his  campaign had a web of contacts with Russia going back several years.  The degree of collusion in the 2016 election is still unknown, but we  know that, at the very least, they explored receiving illegal foreign  election assistance, and we know that assistance was actually provided  by Russia.    Or it could be more straightforward blackmail. We know about the  reports that Russia had compromising information on Trump that includes  not just financial entanglements, but a sex tape.   Now, I am confident that whatever President Trump is hiding, Special  Counsel Mueller's investigation will get to the bottom of it. And that  is why I have joined my colleagues here on the floor to demand that the  Mueller investigation be protected from political interference and that  we let the special counsel's office do its job.   But we should also think about how we got into this surreal situation  in the first place. How did a Presidential candidate with such  potentially disqualifying baggage slide through the process without a  way for voters to know about it? There is a clear public interest in  ensuring that Presidential candidates are not deeply compromised or  vulnerable to blackmail.   And that is why today I introduce the Protecting Access to Classified  Information in Elections Act. It is a new bill designed to protect the  national security of our country by allowing Presidential candidates to  voluntarily undergo a national security clearance investigation well  before the election. Candidates who are granted a security clearance  would have the option of publicly disclosing that fact on a website  maintained by the director of national intelligence.   Current law doesn't work that way. Presidential candidates start  getting classified briefings before they take office, but it is based  on an informal grant of access by the sitting President, and voters may  assume that candidates have security clearances, but they don't  actually have to get one and not all of them do.   By providing an early security clearance process, candidates can  provide a real assurance to the American people that there is nothing  in their background, such as financial or personal vulnerabilities,  that should prevent them from receiving our Nation's top secret  information. And if a candidate chooses not to seek that security  clearance, voters can consider that fact, too, when they cast their  vote.   An early security clearance would also virtually rule out the  possibility that a Presidential candidate is vulnerable to foreign  coercion, compromise, or manipulation, because among the things  scrutinized by background investigators are tax returns and financial  dealings. Investigators would learn if an applicant has been accused of  sexual misconduct.   So, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support to this bill.   