 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment seeks to provide additional  funding for the Veterans Transportation Program, which would provide  additional resources for the Highly Rural Transportation Grants,  Beneficiary Travel, and Veterans Transportation Service.   A major challenge facing veterans across the Nation, including the  central coast of California, is the lack of access to transportation  when trying to get their medical appointments. This is especially  prevalent in districts like mine, where veterans don't live in close  proximity to a major VA medical center.   Available local transportation to health appointments at the local  community-based outpatient clinic is a constant challenge, as there are  an insufficient number of buses and drivers. Currently, there is only  one bus serving my district, and this one bus must make six stops  before reaching the VA hospital in Los Angeles. Once there, veterans  only have a short window of time to attend to all their appointments  before needing to rush back to the bus to catch their transportation  home.   In many cases, with these time constraints, veterans are unable to  fit all of their necessary appointments into one day, and must again  struggle with transportation to get back to the hospital.   Passage of this amendment would provide more transportation solutions  for our veterans, allowing them to get to their medical appointments on  time and receive proper medical care without the fear of being left  behind, unable to get back home.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I would just appeal to my colleagues that  ``thank you for your service'' is just not enough anymore for our  veterans. We need to step up. We need to make sure that they know we  are here and we have their back when they need the services at the end  of their tenure in the armed services.   Mr. Chair, this is an important amendment. I urge my colleagues to  support it.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   