 Mr. President, I want to get a chance to address an  ongoing conversation that is happening in Washington, DC, right now and  will be over in the next 36 hours. As unusual as this may sound, with  all of the drama that is happening here, just outside this building  there are tens of thousands of people--most of them students--who are  gathered in Washington, DC, preparing for something called the March  for Life. This has happened for decades now. Students and adults come  from all over the country to Washington, DC, to quietly speak  [[Page S271]]  for those who cannot speak for themselves--children still in the womb-- and to be able to speak out for the protection of life.   It is an interesting conversation that has a tremendous amount of  science, a tremendous amount of faith, and a tremendous amount of heat  around it, as some individuals don't want to discuss the issue of  abortion or would simply say: That is a woman's choice; we need to set  that aside and ignore it.   There is a whole group of students who arrive here saying: Wait a  minute. That child in the womb has 10 fingers and 10 toes, unique DNA  that is different from the mom and different from the dad. The child  feels pain in the womb and has a beating heart. That doesn't sound like  tissue to me; that sounds like a child.   They are raising great issues that, quite frankly, science reinforces  as well.   Last week, I had the opportunity to be able to stop by one of the  great research facilities in Oklahoma. They are doing tremendous  research on cancer, on MS, on Alzheimer's, and a lot more. I stopped by  one of the labs and talked to one of the scientists there. They are  actually doing research on zebra fish.   Now, as odd as this may sound, they are actually taking zebra fish  eggs and developing those eggs. As they are first beginning to hash out  of the eggs, they are injecting them with a gene that they know to be  cancerous in humans, allowing that to be able to develop in the zebra  fish and seeing the abnormalities there. Then, they try to treat it  with different drugs to be able to see if once they get the  abnormalities, they can reverse it. They are literally taking the zebra  fish, creating problems, and seeing if they can fix them.   They are going into great detail. The microscopes, the work, the  millions of dollars that have gone into this research are all for one  simple thing--the ability to be able to cure diseases that affect human  life.   As a culture, we have determined that life is valuable. Human life,  especially, is valuable and precious. The challenge that we have is  determining when that life begins. I and millions of others believe  that life begins at conception, when that child has a different DNA  than the mom or the dad. That tissue is not just the mom's tissue at  that point; it is growing independently. There is no difference in that  child in the womb and the child that is in the backyard playing,  laughing, and going down the slide, other than time. There is no  difference.   Last year, Cleveland Cavaliers' guard J.R. Smith and his wife had  little Dakota. When I say ``little Dakota,'' I mean little Dakota. She  was born at less than 1 pound at 19 weeks of development. She left the  hospital 5 months later at 7 pounds, 4 ounces--7 pounds, 5 ounces,  actually.   When she left the hospital, it was a remarkable event. It was  celebrated all over social media--this guard with the NBA Cleveland  Cavaliers and this beautiful child leaving.   Dakota is now 1 year old, and it has been interesting the stir that  happened around her birth as a lot of people stopped and thought about  a child that small and that young. It was interesting. The CNN articles  that came out at the same time as little Dakota's birth noted that a  child at 23 weeks of development has a 50 to 60 percent chance of  survival now. Science has changed a lot over the last several decades.  A lot has happened. It is remarkable to hear the stories of surgeries  that are happening in utero.   In 1995, Roberto Rodriguez actually went through surgery still in the  womb. He had major problems in his left lung, and at 20 weeks, they  went in and did surgery in utero, fixing his left lung. It allowed him  to finish out his term, and 13 weeks later he was delivered healthy.  Little Roberto Rodriguez is now 22 years old.   This technology is not new anymore. In many ways, the science has far  surpassed what were our conversations here in America dealing with  policy around children.   Back in 1970, when the Supreme Court passed Roe v. Wade, they had  this whole conversation about viability and that government has a right  to be able to step in and protect children at the moment that they are  viable. Well, in the 1970s, that was very different than what it is  now. Now we see children at 21, 20, 22 weeks of development being born  and being natural, healthy, great children. We need to be able to catch  up in law.   We may disagree on a lot of things on life. As I have already stated,  I believe life begins at conception. In this body, I know there are a  lot of conversations, saying: How do we actually get to a sense of  commonality and common ground on these issues.   Well, let me just lay down three different areas where I would say  that maybe we could find some common ground on these three areas.  Though we may disagree on when life begins, can we at least agree that  Americans have the freedom of conscience? Can we at least agree on the  late-term abortions, when a child is clearly viable? And can we at  least agree that when a child is born alive, they should be protected?  Let me just hit those three very quickly.   The first one is just basic freedom of conscience, allowing an  individual to be able to live out their conscience. I spoke to several  nurses just a few months ago. When those nurses were hired at the  hospitals they worked in, they told the individuals in HR and the  physicians they worked with that they believed life begins at  conception and they had a moral and conscience belief that they wanted  to protect children. They were told at that moment: You will not have  to participate in abortions. We understand your conscience belief, and  we will protect your conscience belief. For years, they did not. Then,  suddenly, they ran short in nurses at one moment, and they pulled each  of them in at different times and in different hospitals and in  different States. They told the stories that they had been pulled into  a procedure, being told on the way in: We need you in this procedure-- arriving only to find out it was an abortion they were being forced to  assist with. They were appalled to be part of the death of a child  rather than protecting the life of a child. Each of them was told: You  will lose your job if you don't participate in the taking of this  child's life. That is an unfair place to put them in.   Individuals should be able to have the freedom of conscience and  should be able to live out their moral and spiritual beliefs. I would  never go to an abortion doctor and force him to peacefully protest  against his own abortion clinic. That would be absurd. But for some  reason, pro-abortion hospitals see no issue in at times compelling a  staff member to participate in something they find objectionable, even  when they made their stance clear.   We should never force a person to administer a lethal injection in a  prison if they have a moral objection to the death penalty. That seems  only reasonable. We are rightfully furious when a man threatens a woman  with firing if she doesn't respond to his advances. No one would say  that if she doesn't like his advances, she could just go find another  job. But for some in our culture, they want to look away when that same  man threatens a woman with firing if she doesn't violate her conscience  and help perform an abortion. They are willing to tell her: Just quit  and go find another job. What is the difference?   We wouldn't compel a vegan to eat meat at the company barbecue, would  we? Why would we compel a person to assist in the taking of a life when  they are personally offended by the practice?   The right of conscience should be protected for every person.  Religious intolerance is a personal choice, not a legal requirement in  America.   Late-term abortions are another area where I think we should be able  to find common ground, and we should be able to protect these children.  We should agree that elective late-term abortions should be ended in  America. This is an elective abortion after 5 months of pregnancy. When  the child's nervous system is fully developed, they can feel pain at  that point.    We in America, because of the pro-abortion lobby and the activists  who are around them, have lost track of this simple fact: We are one of  seven nations in the world that allow elective abortions after 22 weeks  of gestation. In fact, of these seven nations that allow abortions  after 22 weeks of gestation, three of them--Canada, Singapore, and the  Netherlands--allow elective abortions only until 24 weeks, just 2 weeks  later. But there are only four countries in the world that allow  elective abortions at any moment. Are you  [[Page S272]]  ready for this club? There are four nations that are like us: the  United States, Vietnam, North Korea, and China. That is it. Those four  nations allow elective abortions at any stage. That is a horrible club  for the United States of America to be in. Those countries are some of  the worst human rights violators in the world, and that is the elite  club in which we find ourselves.   The pro-abortion lobby is so powerful and so wealthy, and they are so  engaged, they are not willing to relent that even one child's life  could be protected, even when they are clearly viable, leaving the  United States in this horrible collection with Vietnam, North Korea,  and China on abortion policy. At 5 months old, a child in the womb can  kick, stretch, yawn, smile, suck its thumb, and feel pain. It is a  viable child.   Late-term abortions represent only 1.3 percent of all abortions in  America. I would contend we should stop this practice altogether. There  are 191 nations that don't allow this--191 nations. There is no reason  we should not as well.   This is interesting. The Washington Post heard several people quote  that statistic about seven nations are the only nations that actually  allow any abortions at this late stage. Those three that I mentioned-- the Netherlands, Canada, and Singapore--allow them up to 24 weeks but  not after that. So they ran their famous Fact Checker on this issue.  The Washington Post ran through all of it and looked at it and said:  This sounds like this is not correct. They ran through the whole study,  looked at it, fact-checked the whole thing, and at the end of it came  back and said: No, it actually is correct. What seemed a dubious  statement in the beginning they fact-checked and gave what the  Washington Post calls their elite Gepetto qualification--that means no  Pinocchios; true statement.   We should be able to resolve this. I have made no secret that I  believe that life begins at conception, but I would say to this group  that not everyone agrees with me on this, but we should at least be  able to protect life when it is viable.   Let me add one more detail to this that is painful to even discuss.  Of those late-term abortions that occur--those 1.3 percent of abortions  that occur during this late time period--the child is too large and too  well developed to actually have a traditional abortion procedure, so  the abortions are done by the abortion doctor reaching in with a tool  into the womb and literally pulling the child's arms and legs off,  allowing the child to bleed to death in the womb and then pulling its  parts out a piece at a time. Why do we allow that in America? As I  said, 191 other nations do not. All of Europe does not. When is the  last time you heard me say our social policy needs to catch up with  Europe? We are better than this.   One last statement, because I have some colleagues who want to join  me in this conversation. We should be able to agree on a simple  principle: that if an abortion is conducted and it is botched and  instead of destroying the child in the womb, the abortion doctor  actually induces the delivery--in those rare cases, the current  practice is, when the child is delivered, everyone in the operating  room backs away and allows the child to die of exposure on the table,  because they can't actually take the life anymore; it has been fully  delivered.   Kermit Gosnell sits in prison right now because, as an abortionist in  Philadelphia, he was in the practice of delivering children and then  killing them after they were delivered. It is already a crime to  physically take the life of that individual, so the current practice  is, if they mess up the abortion and deliver instead of destroy, they  just allow the child to die on its own, crying on the table. Can we as  Congress and as Americans at least agree that it is barbaric to watch a  crying child on the table slowly die; that at least at that moment of  delivery, we would agree a child is a child when we can see all 10 of  their fingers, see all 10 of their toes, and hear their voice crying on  the table? This is an issue that shouldn't be controversial. This is an  issue for which we should find great compassion.   I would challenge this body, when we deal with conscience and when we  deal with late-term abortions and when we deal with children who are  born alive, that we find resolution in those areas.   I am aware this is a difficult topic. I understand that for many  people, this conversation is painful to even consider and that for the  millions of American women who have experienced abortion in their  personal lives, this is painful to even consider. But I am also aware  that until we talk about these hard issues and resolve them, they will  continue to advance.   We are better than this as a nation. Let's prove it in the way we  treat our most vulnerable.   With that, I ask unanimous consent for colloquy time with some of my  colleagues, and I would like to be able to recognize Senator Blunt from  Missouri.    Mr. President, the House passed both the pain-capable  and the infant protection born-alive bills in prior months. The Senate  has yet to take that up, and it is our hope in the Senate to be able to  bring that up for real dialogue in conversations in the days ahead.    Mr. President, I would like to ask Senator Sasse to  join us for this colloquy as well.    Mr. President, this is a difficult issue for so many  people because it is intensely personal for so many people. We  understand full well the grief some families have when this  [[Page S274]]  topic comes up because there are millions of men and women who they  know their child has been aborted. We get that. We want to have  incredible compassion for them as they struggle through some of the  most difficult decisions of their life. We understand that when they go  to the mall and they watch a small child laugh in the food court of the  mall, they wonder in the back of their head, ``Would that have sounded  like my child when they laughed?''   We get the grief they live with for the rest of their life as they  process through what some physician told them was tissue, but in their  heart they know was a child. This is a nation that can set some basic  principles to help those individuals, to promote adoption, to be able  to encourage those families and help walk alongside them. We are good  at grace and compassion as a nation. We can continue to be better at  it. One of the ways we have to be able to express that is for the most  vulnerable, for those children who have yet to be born.   I would like to invite the Senator from Montana to also join in this  colloquy.    Mr. President, there has just been a dialogue--a  colloquy--here on the floor. I thank Senator Daines from Montana,  Senator Blunt from Missouri, Senator Ernst from Iowa, and Senator Sasse  from Nebraska for joining in a dialogue of this basic issue of life.   In 1973 this week, Roe v. Wade was passed by the Supreme Court in a  split decision. We are still having this dialogue, and there is still  an ongoing argument about looking into the womb. We know a lot more  now--about times now--than they knew in 1973, and we know a lot more  about the development of a child now than they knew in 1973. We are  still having this ongoing debate that, I think, is a righteous debate,  quite frankly. I think it is entirely appropriate for us to be able to  talk about these kinds of difficult issues and try to find some  resolution. The American people have these dialogues, and we should  have them here and be able to bring the debate to the forefront.   This is not about people whom we hate. It is always interesting to be  able to get the dialogue and pushback from people who say: You just  hate people because of whatever reason. It is not true. It is,  actually, that we love children. That is really the issue. There is a  vulnerable child in the middle of this conversation, and sometimes they  don't seem to come up in the conversation about protecting rights or  about giving people privacy. All of those things are wonderful  euphemisms, but in the middle of that, there is a very small child who  is being discussed. We are trying to elevate their voice--to literally  speak for those who cannot speak for themselves. We think that is an  appropriate role for government--to speak out for the most vulnerable  and see if we can find justice for those individuals.   This week is not only the week that we have the anniversary of Roe v.  Wade; it is also the week that we celebrate Martin Luther King, Jr.  Day. I would say that he is a terrific role model in this conversation.  His basic teaching is that hate doesn't win over a friend, that only  love can do that. Only love can transform an enemy into a friend. That  is what we are trying to do.   To the people who oppose this idea, we get it. We can have that  dialogue. They are not our enemies, though. Quite frankly, we want to  respond to their comments in love and say, ``Let's sit down and have a  reasonable dialogue. Let's express our affection for children,'' and be  able to talk about how valuable they really are in our society. Let's  talk about adoption. Let's talk about ways to be able to continue to  take care of them. In the middle of it, let's talk about a child as a  child, not just as tissue that is random, because tissue that is just  random doesn't suck its thumb and smile back at you. It doesn't stretch  and yawn. It is a child who does that. We want to be able to have that  conversation.   I would urge this body to stop ignoring what millions of the American  people see as the issue. Let's talk about the child, and let's see  where we are going to go. I think a good first step for us to be able  to talk about this is with the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act, what  we call the pain-capable bill, which deals with late-term abortions-- very late, 5 months and later--and the issue of conscience.   Are we really going to compel people to perform procedures they find  morally reprehensible in the destruction of a child rather than in the  protection of a child? We should be able to find common ground on  those.   Let's then keep the conversation going because it is a reasonable  thing  [[Page S275]]  for us to be able to discuss. If we cannot talk about life, liberty,  and the pursuit of happiness in this place, where can we talk about it?   Again, I thank my colleagues for participating and for their tenacity  and their compassion and their affection for all Americans whether they  agree or disagree on this issue. I appreciate very much their  engagement.   I appreciate very much the volunteers who are scattered around the  country right now who are serving women in some of the most difficult  moments of their lives at crisis pregnancy centers, at women's resource  centers, and other locations. They are volunteering; they are providing  clothes; they are providing help; they are providing sonograms and  pregnancy tests; and they are walking those families through those  tough days. Thanks to those volunteers as well today, wherever they may  be, and bless them for the ongoing work that they do.   I yield the floor.   