 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for  yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, ours is not the first nation in history to win its  sovereignty through a war for independence. Many nations in the history  of the world were established by rebellion against tyrannical  governments.   The beginning of most of these rebellions can be identified by a  single, predominant leader who, through their influence, inspired  people to follow their cause. But the founding of the United States of  America is unique because there wasn't one, but hundreds of influencers  who led their towns, counties, and colonies towards independence.   Ironically, while America's fight for independence centered on the  idea of liberty for each individual, it was a collective body of  influencers who rallied around a common cause that sparked the flames  of liberty. That common cause was a bond, a strong belief in the moral  and spiritual authority of the Bible.   As a newly formed nation, America's future faced numerous internal  and external obstacles. The concern of sustaining our new Nation didn't  grow over time, but was an immediate concern of our Founders.   According to Maryland delegate Dr. James McHenry, as the delegates  were emerging from the Constitutional Convention at Independence Hall,  a lady asked Dr. Benjamin Franklin: ``Dr. Franklin, what have we got, a  republic or a monarchy.''   ``A Republic,'' replied the doctor, ``if you can keep it.''   You see, Benjamin Franklin was well aware of how fragile our new  government was. Just a few weeks earlier, when it appeared that the  Constitutional Convention was in jeopardy of falling apart, Benjamin  Franklin stood and reminded the delegates that there was one thing  missing in their deliberations.   Franklin said: ``The small progress we have made after 4 or 5 weeks .  . . is methinks a melancholy proof of the imperfection of the human  understanding. How has it happened, sir, that we have not hitherto once  thought of humbly applying to the Father of lights to illuminate our  understandings? . . . I have lived, sir, a long time, and the longer I  live, the more convincing proofs I see of this truth, that God governs  in the affairs of men. And if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground  without His notice, is it probable that an empire can rise without His  aid? We have been assured, sir, in the sacred writings, that `except  the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it.' I firmly  believe this; and I also believe that without his concurring aid we  shall succeed in this political building no better than the builders of  Babel.''   Mr. Speaker, if our Nation, as Benjamin Franklin defined it, could  not have been founded without the guidance and divine intervention of  God, then how can we sustain it if we as a government have abandoned  these ideas and principles?   The answers for every challenge we face today as a nation isn't  within the Halls of Congress. It is not in the White House or in the  Supreme Court. The answer to these challenges exist in the pages of the  sacred text, of this ancient book, which is as relevant today as it was  for generations that preceded us.   The sooner we get back to these basic principles, Mr. Speaker, the  sooner we can restore the promises of freedom, equality, and liberty  for everyone.   Mr. Speaker, ours is not the first nation in history to win its  sovereignty through a war for independence, many nations in the history  of the world were established by rebellion against tyrannical  governments. The beginnings of most rebellions can be identified by a  single, predominate leader who, through their influence, inspired the  people to follow their cause. In ancient Israel, it was King David, for  Scotland it was William Wallace, England had Cornwallis and France had  Napoleon Bonaparte.   But the founding of the United States of America is unique because  there was not one, but hundreds of influencers who lead their towns,  counties and colonies towards independence.   Ironically, while America's fight for independence centered on the  idea of liberty for the individual, it was a collective body of  influencers who rallied around a common cause that sparked the flames  of liberty. However, there was a common thread that bound our Founders  together. That bond was a strong belief in the moral and spiritual  authority of the Bible.   Our Founders and national leaders strongly held the belief that  religion, morality, principles and virtue were the pillars of our  society and the strength of our government. They also recognized that  the knowledge and understanding of our national heritage, and its  Biblical foundations, were also of the utmost importance in sustaining  our young nation.   As a newly formed nation, America's future faced numerous internal  and external obstacles. The concern of sustaining our new nation didn't  grow over time but was an immediate concern of our Founders. According  to Maryland delegate, Dr. James McHenry, as the delegates were emerging  from Independence Hall at the close of the Constitutional Convention,  ``A lady asked Dr. Franklin Well Doctor what have we got a republic or  a monarchy. A republic replied the Doctor if you can keep it.''   Benjamin Franklin was well aware of how fragile our government would  be if separated from the religious and moral foundations on which it  was built. Just a few weeks earlier, when it appeared that the  Constitutional Convention was in jeopardy of falling apart, Benjamin  Franklin stood and reminded the delegates that there was one thing  missing in their deliberations. Franklin said;   ``The small progress we have made after four or five weeks, . . . is  methinks a melancholy proof of the imperfection of the Human  Understanding . . . How has it happened, Sir, that we have not hitherto  once thought of humbly applying to the Father of lights to illuminate  our understandings? . . . ``I have lived, Sir, a long time, and the  longer I live, the more convincing proofs I see of this truth--that God  governs in the affairs of men. And if a sparrow cannot fall to the  ground without his notice, is it probable that an empire can rise  without his aid? We have been assured, Sir, in the sacred writings,  that ``except the Lord build the House they labor in vain that build  it.'' I firmly believe this; and I also believe that without his  concurring aid we shall succeed in this political building no better  than the Builders of Babel:''   Mr. Speaker, if our nation, as Benjamin Franklin defined it, could  not have been founded without the guidance and divine intervention of  God, then how can we sustain it if we, as a government, have abandoned  these ideas and principles?   Over the period of the last year, I have had first-hand experience of  crime and violence. Our nation has been inundated with acts of evil and  violence over the past several years and it seems to me that the most  immediate reaction by some of our elected representatives, especially  those in Congress, is to create more laws. However, according to one of  our Founders, Benjamin Rush, creating more law is the wrong approach to  end crime and violence.   Benjamin Rush, was a signer of the Declaration of Independence, a  physician, and educator but he is best known as the ``Father of  Public Schools.'' Benjamin Rush advised us ``In contemplating the  political institutions of the United States, I lament that we waste so  much time and money in punishing crimes, and take so little pains to  prevent them. We profess to be republicans and yet we neglect the only  means of establishing and perpetuating our republican forms of  government; that is, the universal education of our youth in the  principles of Christianity by means of the Bible.''    According to Benjamin Rush, the best way to avoid violence and crime  is to teach morality to our children. However, Benjamin Rush wasn't the  only advocate of teaching biblical principles in our schools. The  author of the preamble of our Constitution, Gouverneur Morris also  believed in the importance of teaching the Bible as a core subject in  America's schools, he stated ``Religion is the only solid basis of good  morals; therefore education should teach the precepts of religion and  the duties of man towards God.''   Today, we have not only veered away from teaching these ideas in our  schools, in some  [[Page H9684]]  school systems even the very mention of the Bible will prompt a rash of  court challenges. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting to note that these  lawsuits claim that the use of the Bible or prayers in our schools  violates the ``establishment clause'' of the first Amendment of the  Constitution. However, it is ironic that the author of the freedom of  religion clause, Fisher Ames, stated; ``Should not the Bible regain the  place it once held as a schoolbook? Its morals are pure, its examples  are captivating and noble. . . . In no Book is there so good English,  so pure and so elegant, and by teaching all the same they will speak  alike, and the Bible will justly remain the standard of language as  well as of faith.''   Mr. Speaker, our Founders believed that the Bible played an important  role in education, but they also believed it was a foundation of our  government. As the second President of these United States, John Adams,  often spoke of the importance that religion and morality holds in our  national government. In a speech to officers of the Massachusetts  militia Adams explained that, ``We have no government armed with power  capable of contending with human passions unbridled by morality and  religion. Avarice, ambition, revenge, or gallantry, would break the  strongest cords of our Constitution as a whale goes through a net. Our  Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is  wholly inadequate to the government of any other.''   In a letter to Thomas Jefferson, John Adams reiterates the principles  on which our nation was established, and the basis of our moral  guidelines was the Bible. Adams wrote ``I have examined all religions,  as well as my narrow sphere, my straightened means, and my busy life,  would allow; and the result is that the Bible is the best Book in the  world. It contains more philosophy than all the libraries I have  seen.''   Thomas Jefferson also acknowledged that the Bible was the source of  the standards of moral conduct for America; he wrote ``Of all the  systems of morality, ancient or modern, which have come under my  observation, none appear to me so pure as that of Jesus.''   The importance of the Bible and its moral foundations was not just  limited to the Executive and Legislative branches. John Jay, the first  Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court expressed his  sentiments on the importance of a society that holds to Biblical  principles. The most effective way to preserve peace among the people  of our nation and to avoid war with others, Jay wrote, ``. . . is by  extending the prevalence and influence of the gospel. Real Christians  will abstain from violating the rights of others, and therefore will  not provoke war . . .''   I think it is most appropriate to conclude my remarks, by using the  words of another influential American, Noah Webster. Webster is most  known for his contributions to early American education and is  considered the ``Schoolmaster to America'' and the ``Father of American  Scholarship and Education.''   Noah Webster admonished us to, ``. . . not forget the religious  character of our origin. Our fathers were brought hither by their high  veneration for the Christian religion. They journeyed by its light, and  labored in its hope. They sought to incorporate its principles with the  elements of their society, and to diffuse its influence through all  their institutions, civil, political, or literary. Let us cherish these  sentiments, and extend this influence still more widely; in full  conviction that that is the happiest society which partakes in the  highest degree of the mild and peaceful spirit of Christianity.''   The answers for every challenge we face today as a nation isn't  within the halls of Congress, in the White House or in the Supreme  Court. The answer to these challenges exists in the pages of the sacred  texts of this ancient text that is as relevant to us today, as it was  for the generations that have preceded us. The sooner that we get back  to these basic principles, the sooner we can restore the promises of  freedom, equality and liberty for everyone.    