 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at the  conclusion of my remarks, Senator Merkley be recognized for associated  remarks, followed by a brief colloquy between the two of us.    Mr. President, I am grateful to be joined by my  wonderful colleague from Oregon, Senator Merkley, for my 222nd ``Time  to Wake Up'' climate speech. Although there are thousands of miles  between us--on the west and east coasts--Oregon and Rhode Island share  a common connection; that is, our oceans. Fisheries and coastal tourism  are major drivers of our economies. Our coastlines are vibrant with  homes, families, and businesses. We are ocean States.   So we are here to talk about the challenges of human-driven climate  change for our oceans and coasts: sea level rise, ocean acidification,  deoxygenation, warming, and increased storm surge. Our local agencies  and officials and our coastal residents understand the changes that are  coming at  [[Page S6486]]  them. Not all States are prepared, however, and in the aftermath of  severe storms like Hurricane Florence and last year's hurricanes,  powered up by higher seas and superheated ocean water, we are seeing  the consequences of this failure.   Last month was the 80th anniversary of the Great Hurricane of 1938.  The storm barreled through southern New England, destroying roads and  ports and businesses and homes. This is a photograph of downtown  Providence. That is the roof of a car, and they built cars pretty tall  back in 1938. Over 560 people lost their lives in this storm. The  National Weather Service now estimates that Providence experienced a  storm surge of around 20 feet, which put it 14 feet under water in the  downtown area and sustained winds above 100 miles per hour--not gusts,  sustained winds. If this storm were to hit Rhode Island now, it would  carry ashore at least an additional 10 inches of ocean, thanks to sea  level rise since the 1930s. It would probably carry ashore a lot more  than that because that 10 inches of water would pile up in the storm  surge as it hit.   If we continue to do nothing to slow climate change, by the end of  the century, sea level rise will be on the scale of additional feet,  not inches.   Hurricane Florence just brought feet of rain, high winds, and massive  storm surge to the Carolinas. At around 500 miles wide, it was bigger  than Hurricane Katrina, and it dumped more rain than Hurricane Harvey.  Sadly, nearly 50 people have lost their lives from the effects of  Hurricane Florence, and flooding recovery is still ongoing. The  condolences of Rhode Islanders go out to the Carolinas and Virginia.   As Hurricane Florence was building strength and making its approach,  researchers were connecting its power to climate change. A team of  researchers estimated climate change made Florence's rainfall 50  percent worse than it would have been without the known effects of  humankind on the climate. Hurricanes are powered by warmer oceans. One  of the study's authors estimated that for every degree Celsius of ocean  temperature increase, ``extreme precipitation events can increase by  over 60 percent.''   The oceans are warmer. Oceans have absorbed more than 90 percent of  the excess heat trapped by our greenhouse gas emissions. It is several  nuclear explosions worth of heat per second that the oceans are  absorbing. By doing that, they spare our land from worse climate  catastrophe, but it wreaks havoc in our oceans. Marine heat waves are a  new phenomenon--so new that they were first identified and  characterized in 2011, but they have already left a permanent scar in  our oceans.   Starting in 2014, the northeast Pacific Ocean has experienced  inordinately warm temperatures--``the Blob,'' it was called--a mass of  warm water around the size of Canada. As the Blob spread toward Alaska,  a trail of millions of dead sea birds followed. The warm water drove  their prey to cooler waters; unable to adapt to the sudden shift, the  birds starved. Starving sea lion pups and toxic algae blooms that  poisoned whales were also attributed to the Blob of warm water.   The recent massive coral die-off in the Great Barrier Reef that left  half the reef dead was driven by abnormal water temperatures. Dr. Terry  Hughes, one of the world's leading coral reef researchers, was quoted  in The Atlantic as saying the Great Barrier Reef ecosystem ``has  collapsed . . . transformed into a completely new system that looks  differently, and behaves differently, and functions differently, than  how it was three years ago.''   Marine heat waves are becoming warmer and more frequent, to the point  that there is a movement now within the scientific community to start  naming and categorizing Marine heat waves much as we do hurricanes.   Warming seas rise, and this will hit coastal properties.   The Union of Concerned Scientists recently released a report that  estimated by 2100, ``nearly 2.5 million residential and commercial  properties, collectively valued at [over $1] trillion today, will be at  risk of chronic flooding.'' These numbers are based on sea level rise  alone; storm surge and rain-driven flooding only amplify these risks.   Long before your house is actually flooded, long before you are  walking through your kitchen in rubber boots, the value of your house  can crash if the house becomes uninsurable or unmortgageable for the  next buyer. Freddie Mac has warned of this property value crash in  America's coastal regions. Here is what Freddie Mac said: ``The  economic losses and social disruption may happen gradually, but they  are likely to be greater in total than those experienced in the housing  crisis and Great Recession.''   The insurance industry trade publication Risk & Insurance had this to  say: ``Continually rising seas will damage coastal residential and  commercial property values to the point that property owners will flee  those markets in droves, thus precipitating a mortgage value collapse  that could equal or exceed the mortgage crisis that rocked the global  economy in 2008.''   Despite this warning, the Federal Government has failed to prepare  for these coming changes and build coastal resiliency. Congress is used  to investing in our coasts only after a disaster. We have let our  National Flood Insurance Program fall into billions of dollars of debt.  We have let FEMA provide inaccurate and incomplete flood risk maps. And  the Trump administration is purposefully blind to climate science,  ocean changes, and flood mitigation requirements that would help us get  ahead of the changes coming along our coasts.   We are not out of time yet. We still have a chance to avoid the worst  consequences of climate change and prepare America's coastal  infrastructure for the rising tides. But we have to move past futile  and false denial and into action.   It is time, Republicans and Democrats alike, west coasters and east  coasters together, to wake up.   I yield the floor.    Will the Senator yield for a question?    One of the touching features of the Senator's  presentation was the summary of the effects on God's creatures--the sea  lion pups, the fish, the sea birds, just from this particular episode.  You may not have a big heart for an oyster spat, but these are all  God's creatures. It is frustrating when people who wear their  Christianity on their sleeve show so little interest for the protection  of God's creatures.   The other angle on that is that we are taught in the Bible to look  out for the least among us. One thing I have noticed is that climate  change harms don't fall evenly across the population, that storms and  floods are harder for some than for others, and that wealth and poverty  dramatically affect the experience of climate change by different  people.   I wonder if the Senator would comment on that from his experience.    I believe it was Tom Friedman, the very well-known  author, who first wrote comprehensively about the connection between  the unprecedented drought in Syria driving farmers and herdsmen away  from their former farms and herds--the farms dried up and the herds  died off--and into the city, into that conflict, and into that crucible  that led to the initial conflict and now to the complete collapse of  Syrian society and into an international boxing match of forces.   I yield my time.   I thank Senator Merkley for joining me and for the longstanding  passion that he has exhibited for the oceans, the coasts, the forests,  and the well-being of the people of Oregon. We are very proud of our  State of Rhode Island, but Oregon has a great deal in terms of natural  assets to be proud of, and there is no stronger voice for them than the  Senator from Oregon.   I yield.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   