 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 299, as amended, the Blue  Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. It has taken years of dedicated  advocacy and bipartisanship to get us here today. I would especially  like to recognize Ranking Member Walz, who could not be here today but  was a driving force behind this legislation.   H.R. 299 is an important step toward rectifying a longstanding  injustice for veterans who were made sick from exposure to Agent Orange  in Vietnam more than 50 years ago.   Passage of this legislation will extend eligibility to 90,000  veterans who served in Vietnam and may have been exposed to this  dangerous chemical. Some thought this day would never come for the blue  water Navy veterans. Finding over $1 billion in the Federal budget is  not an easy task. Many people even said it was impossible.   I thank the chairman for sitting down with the veteran service  organizations, working with staff, and agreeing to find an alternative  funding source to right this wrong. I am proud that this committee was  able to, once again, reach a bipartisan agreement to move forward with  legislation that does what is right for our Nation's veterans.   While there was disagreement about the pay-for in the past, the  solution in this bill is fair. It does not cut benefits for one group  of veterans to pay for the benefits of others. It requires all  veterans, whether they served on Active Duty, in the Reserves, or as  guardsmen and -women, to pay for the same VA home loan funding fee.   With the move to an operational Reserve, reservists and guardsmen and  -women are deploying alongside Active Duty servicemembers into harm's  way. It is fair for VA to charge the same fee across the board. The  funding fee allows the VA to continue guaranteeing home loans to  current and future servicemembers and veterans. Disabled veterans are  exempt from paying the fee.   Now, we were able to do this by working together, and I want to thank  Chairman Roe for identifying the solution. A special measure of credit  must also go to the Vietnam Veterans of America for their steadfast  advocacy for blue water veterans. Because of VVA's efforts, it is my  hope that never again will another group of veterans face the same  problems that they did.   I would also like to add that, before we take this historic vote, we  must remember toxic exposures continue to occur. Since 9/11,  servicemembers have been exposed to burn pits and mefloquine, both of  which are likely causing serious health complications.   And we can't forget our servicemembers who have been exposed to  atomic radiation and those struggling with Gulf War illnesses. Not  every exposure can be avoided, but their risks should be tracked,  understood, and mitigated. The servicemember must receive timely  healthcare and disability compensation if exposure causes adverse  health conditions and disease.   We must build a system that proactively identifies, investigates,  diagnoses, treats, and heals toxic exposures, as well as one that also  holds the Department of Defense accountable.   My feeling is that, if we are using presumptions, it means that we  are already losing the battle. It means we haven't documented who was  exposed to what, so we are just going to assume that everyone was  exposed.   H.R. 299 makes other important reforms, including adjusting the date  of the presumption for veterans exposed to Agent Orange and in the  Korean DMZ, so that those exposed during a period of testing become  eligible. It directs the Secretary to reach out to veterans who have  previously been denied to inform them of the new law and how to file a  new claim.   The bill also requires that VA use language that is easily  understood. H.R. 299 also expands the presumption for Agent Orange  exposure to children born with spina bifida to veteran parents exposed  in Thailand.   Lastly, the bill mandates that VA report to Congress within 180 days  after enactment on the result of the epidemiological study conducted on  Gulf War veterans who are suffering from Gulf War illness.   I am proud that we are fixing this broken promise to the blue water  veterans today; but there are many others in the making, and we need to  address them as soon as possible.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Courtney), my good friend and colleague, who has been  with this issue since four Congresses ago. He is the original, first  Democratic cosponsor on the current bill before us. It is my honor to  yield to him.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.     Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining on my side?    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I just want to offer my reflections on the persistence  of both Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Walz. I think it is a great  injustice that Mr. Walz could not be here today because I know how hard  he worked with Chairman Roe to find a pay-for.   Let me say, also, for the folks back in my own district, in Riverside  County, Riverside County has the eighth or ninth largest absolute  population of veterans in the Nation, depending on what year you are  counting. But every year, we have an event known as West Coast Thunder  of mostly Harley-Davidson riders who ride from the Harley-Davidson shop  to Riverside National Cemetery. Most of those riders are Vietnam  veterans. I know back home in my district that the veterans support  committee is going to be thrilled that Congress came together on this  important legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Correa), my good friend and fellow member of the House Committee on  Veterans' Affairs, and the former chairman of the California State  Assembly Committee on Veterans Affairs.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I again want to thank Chairman Roe for  bringing forth this very important legislation. I also want to  acknowledge, again, the ranking member, Tim Walz, for working so hard  to bring this legislation to the floor. It was a long time coming. It  was introduced four Congresses ago.   I believe that this is a shining moment for the Veterans' Affairs  Committee and a shining moment for this Congress, for the people of  this country to see us come together and do something that has been  long overdue for our Vietnam veterans, often who were not welcomed home  in the way that they should have been. This is a small gesture of what  we can do to make amends for that lack of a proper welcoming home. This  is a very proud moment for me.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 299, as  amended, and I yield back the balance of my time.  [[Page H5618]]        