 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Roskam for his  leadership on this issue. I also want to thank the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson), because this bill that we are talking about  today is and has been rife with nothing but bipartisan support. It is  issues like this that we can work together to correct. No matter what  the bill is, no matter what some of the other outlying issues of  implementation of certain laws that may or may not affect our  constituents and how they do so, but the fact that we are trying to fix  this once and for all, for many in this country, is a testament to what  good happens here in a bipartisan fashion.   I also want to thank the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee,  Kevin Brady, my good friend, for his continued leadership on this issue  and helping to make sure this bill comes back to the floor.   This Congress has an opportunity to continue the bipartisanship I  just talked about and promote religious liberty and fairness by passing  the EACH Act, because the EACH Act modestly expands the religious  conscience exemptions under the Affordable Care Act to include  individuals who rely solely on religious methods of healing.   The current religious conscience exemption under the Affordable Care  Act exclusively applies to only a few select faiths. As a result, some  Americans, including Christian Scientists, are required to purchase  medical health insurance that does not cover the healthcare of their  religious practice and choice. They are, therefore, forced with the  choice of violating their conscience by purchasing traditional health  insurance or violating the law by not complying with any individual  mandate.   Under the EACH Act, applicants must attest annually that they are a  member of a religious group, that they rely solely on a religious  method of healing, and that they have not received medical health  services during the preceding taxable year.   This is a very important point, Mr. Speaker. Additionally, with the  help of input from the American Academy of Pediatrics, the bill makes  it clear that the legislation does not preempt any State laws requiring  the provision of medical treatment for children. Further, if a parent  needs to provide a necessary medical service to a child, doing so would  not invalidate the individual's exemption.   The EACH Act, again, is truly an example of bipartisan legislation  with input from stakeholders that actually made it better. I am proud  to have worked with my friend and colleague, Mr. Keating, on moving  this legislation forward. He knows this issue well. His home State of  Massachusetts established a similar religious conscience exemption in  State law more than 10 years ago.   I also represent Principia College, a college for Christian  Scientists in Elsah, Illinois, one that we have a few graduates of  right here in Congress, including the last speaker, Mr. Lamar Smith.  While working on this bill, I have heard from both students and  professors from Principia on the importance of passing this legislation  and what it would mean to their lives.   One such student wrote: ``I feel religious liberty is such a vital  part of the American exceptionalism that permeates worldly thought, and  the passing of this bill will only contribute to the commitment of our  government to preserve that right. My family has paid excessive amounts  for healthcare, among other expenses, that we do not use due to our  reliance on the Christian Science healing for prayer. I do not believe  Christian Scientists should feel that they are being punished in some  way for expressing their First Amendment right.''   Well, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand up here today for their First  Amendment right.   This legislation is about as straightforward as it gets. It is  broadly bipartisan, promotes religious liberty and fairness, and it  also saves the taxpayers money. The Congressional Budget Office  estimated passing the EACH Act would save taxpayers an additional $31  million, if signed into law.   The EACH Act passed this House in both the 113th and 114th  Congresses, but, unfortunately, it was held up in the Senate. It is  time that Congress finally passes the EACH Act out of both Chambers and  sends it to th President's desk for his signature.    I urge a ``yes'' vote.   