 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have, sadly, had to do this speech once  a week for the past couple of months. So I am back again to draw  attention to what I think is one of the saddest moments in the great  relationship and history that we have had with the country of Turkey.   For 622 days, counting today, we have had an American who spent 20  years as a missionary--a Presbyterian minister--in Turkey in prison.  For about 19 of the months he was in prison, he was held without  charges. A couple of months ago, he was finally charged and indicted,  and he was indicted on some of the most absurd charges you could  possibly hear. He was indicted with evidence that wouldn't keep  somebody in jail overnight in the United States.   The person I am talking about is Andrew Brunson. Andrew Brunson is a  little over 50 years old. He was imprisoned in October of 2016. Since  then, he has spent nearly 17 months in a prison cell that was designed  for 8 people and had 21 people in it. He has lost 50 pounds. He is  keeping good spirits, but you can tell his mental state has diminished.  The reason I know that is because I went to visit him.   After the indictment was laid out back in April, I heard through his  family that he thought the American people and the Congress were going  to read the indictment and believe it and turn their backs on him, so I  thought it was personally important for me to go to that prison in  Turkey and look him straight in the eye and tell him that he has the  U.S. Congress behind him. In fact, some 70 Senators signed on to a  letter expressing their concern, and I appreciate their support,  including almost 150 Members of the House.   I wanted to tell him that as long as I am a U.S. Senator, we will  never forget him, and we will never stop until he gets released.   Now, some people say: Well, what on Earth was Pastor Brunson doing in  Turkey? Well, he was providing missionary work. He was actually  providing aid and comfort to Syrian refugees who had to flee Syria into  Turkey. He has actually provided food.   He has a very small church in Izmir that some of the charges of the  Turkish court--and, by the way, after the prison visit, I went back to  Turkey, and I spent 12 hours in a Turkish courtroom hearing the  allegations myself.   They charged that this was a hotbed for terrorist plotting; that this  was where Pastor Brunson tried to conspire with others to facilitate  the coup--an illegal coup I completely disagree with--a couple of years  ago.   We actually even had one witness say he had to have been involved in  some nefarious activity because one night, in the middle of the night,  they saw a light on for 4 hours--that was the charge--and, therefore,  there must have been something bad going on. Well, No. 1, just because  somebody's light is on doesn't necessarily mean they are doing  something bad, but what makes it even more remarkable is the room they  are talking about is a room I visited when I was in Izmir. It doesn't  have a window. There was no way anybody could have possibly observed  it. So this witness, who is in prison himself, testifies to the fact  that a light was on, and therefore Pastor Brunson is a potential  terrorist or a coup plotter. I am not exaggerating that charge. As a  matter of fact, there is another charge that because his daughter  posted a picture of a meal she was enjoying on social media, and it  turns out that meal had been identified--a very common meal in Turkey-- at some bust of a suspected terrorist organization, the fact that she  ate the same food, a common dish in the Middle East and in Turkey, they  must also somehow be associated with plotting terrorist actions. These  are the nature of charges that have kept this man in jail for, as I  said earlier, 822 days.   Now, when I talk to the Turkish officials, some of the senior leaders  there--and I worked with the State Department--particularly when I talk  to the Turkish officials, they say: Well, we have a judicial process  that we must run through, so justice must take its course. Well, how do  you square that with the President of Turkey who suggests that if we  are prepared to trade a pastor who has been in Turkey for 20 years for  a religious leader in the United States who is legally present--that we  have told the Turkish Government, the Turkish authorities, that if they  can produce a valid extradition case that lives up to the standards of  the U.S. extradition system, then we will extradite him, but they are  not willing to do that.   So on the one hand they say we have to have the legal process take  its course, but on the other hand, the President of Turkey, President  Erdogan, says, well, we will do a trade. So which one is it? The day  that the Turkish President made this comment, I believe Pastor Brunson  can be legally classified as a political hostage.    What makes this all the more frustrating for me is that Turkey is a  NATO ally. Most people know about NATO, but let me tell you the  profound nature of the alliance once you are a member of NATO. When you  are a member of NATO, you as a country agree that you will come  together and deploy your men and women on foreign soil to protect the  sovereignty of that nation. So if Turkey were to be attacked by an  aggressor, the United States has a treaty obligation to deploy, put our  men and women in harm's way to defend the Turkish people and the  Turkish regime.   Yet, I have, for the first time in the history of the alliance--and  Turkey has been in the alliance since 1952--I have a political hostage,  someone being held unlawfully in a country where I have an obligation  to put American men and women in uniform at risk.   What is wrong with that picture? Well, there is a lot wrong with it,  not the least of which, it has never happened in the history of the  alliance. No NATO partner has ever treated another NATO ally this way.  That is why we have to continue to cast light on this unlawful  detention, this kangaroo court, and we have to take every step  necessary to make Turkey understand that we are not going to give up.   One of the things we are doing to make sure of that is we put a  provision in the national defense authorization that asks some serious  questions about the nature of our relationship with Turkey and whether  we should really continue that commitment that we make to our NATO  alliance.  [[Page S4331]]    Acquiring Russian missile defense systems. For the first time ever in  the history of the NATO alliance, we are going to have an ally that has  a potential missile defense system that comes from a would-be  adversary? A Joint Strike Fighter manufacturing supply chain that  relies heavily on Turkey for our F-35? If Turkey is going to behave  this way and they are not going to treat us with the respect I think  you should treat another NATO ally, then we have to really rethink the  relationship with Turkey.   So I hope next week is the first week I don't have to do this speech.  I hope next week is the week that we announce Pastor Brunson is going  to be released. But as long as Pastor Brunson is in prison, I guarantee  you I will be here and I will find everything I can do as a U.S.  Senator to make Turkey accountable for the unlawful detention of Pastor  Brunson.   I thank all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--70 of them-- who agree with me, who agree that Pastor Brunson should be set free.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   