 Mr. President, one of the great honors in this body is to  bring a contrasting point of view to the topic of the day. I hope to do  that today.   Many colleagues in this body have voiced concerns on both sides of  the aisle, frankly, about President Trump--what President Trump is  doing to try to create a more level playing field for our workers and  businesses. They are nervous about his negotiating style, about things  he says, what he is trying to do with our allies, our adversaries, and  all around the world. People in this body worry sometimes it is going  to create a trade war.   Colleagues, I have worked in the trade environment internationally  most of my career. I have sourced products all over the world. I  shipped products all over the world. I can tell you, for a fact, that  for the last 40 years we have been in a trade war.   In that time, America has helped develop the Third World and reduce  poverty largely because of an imbalanced trade agreement that we made  with pretty much each country around the world, and we did that  intentionally, not by accident. It was out of our good will that we set  up trade deals that granted access to our markets while denying access  to other markets around the world.   Why did we do that? When China was a $1 trillion economy, that made  sense. We wanted to help them develop economically. Now that they are a  $12 trillion economy, it no longer makes sense. When Japan was  rebuilding after World War II, of course we wanted to help them  rebuild. We spent billions of dollars behind the Marshall Plan to do  just that with Japan and all of East Asia. We set up trade deals that  we knew would help their economy grow, and that made sense then.   It no longer makes sense to have an unlevel playing field with the  rest of the world just so they can develop. Let me give you a reason  why. One of the reasons is, because of the American consumer and  taxpayer, global poverty over the last 50 years has been reduced  dramatically; by some estimates, over 60 percent. Let me say that  again. Global poverty, because of the American taxpayer and the  American worker, has been reduced over 60 percent. Unfortunately,  during that same period of time, American poverty since 1965, when the  Great Society was signed into law and when the great War on Poverty was  initiated, we spent $67 trillion trying to eradicate poverty in  America.   Unfortunately, today we know poverty is basically the same as it was  in 1965. So this imbalance we have lived with for the last half decade  that partially helped the development of the Third World, pulling  hundreds of millions of people out of poverty, begins to not make sense  when it damages our well-being here at home.   Like me, President Trump is an outsider to this political process. He  is just a business guy who spent his career successfully negotiating  deals all over the world. For years, he has seen how America has often  been treated unfairly when it comes to trade. He has also seen how  previous administrations repeatedly failed to contain the growing  threat of rogue regimes with nuclear ambitions, like North Korea and  Iran.    Since taking office, President Trump has put America back in a  position of power and strength when it comes to our standing with the  rest of the world. This comes after a decade where America withdrew. We  had redlines drawn. We had a Russia reset. The world was questioning  what our position was. Were we going to be the leader of the free  world? Were we going to stand up for individual sovereignty, for  individual liberty, self-determination? I think he has made that very  clear and that we have turned a corner.   President Trump has, no doubt, an unconventional negotiating style-- an outsider style, if you will. Do you know what? As we have seen in  his Presidential career just in the last 15 months--NATO, South Korea,  and just last night, a historic summit in North Korea--President  Trump's methodology, indeed, works.   Remember when he was running for office? He said: Well, if NATO  doesn't increase their military spending, we just might back out.  Everybody panicked: Oh my goodness, it will upset the balance with our  allies over there. This is not the time to be doing that.   Guess what. NATO stepped up. I just met with a major ambassador from  one of the countries in that region, and I am delighted to tell my  colleagues tonight that we all know, basically, NATO is doubling the  amount of money they are spending for their own national security,  which is exactly what the President wanted.   President Trump is working to fix problems that others would not  address. He is moving with a sense of urgency to deliver those results.  I am tired of Members of this body trying to undercut him at every  turn, especially in the middle of the negotiation process.   One of the things you learn when you deal internationally is that you  have to have the respect of the person you are negotiating with across  the table. President Trump has earned that. What we are beginning to do  in this body is undercut that. I understand the article II, article I  debate. I get that. But we are in the middle of processes now that are  so critical. You cannot deal with trade in a one-dimensional fashion.  It is part of the bigger geopolitical complex calculus that President  Trump is trying to negotiate. We need a unified voice, there is no  doubt. Right now, this body is sending mixed signals. It is time to put  aside political self-interests and focus on what is best for the United  States of America. As a business guy, I would think this is something  my colleagues--especially those who come from the business community-- would understand. That is what we have to do all the time in the real  world.   Last year, President Trump said that job 1 was to grow the economy.  As a body, we all focused on regulations, energy, and taxes. As a  result, the economy has begun to turn a corner.   Just this year, we passed a moderate bill that modifies Dodd-Frank  and frees up onerous regulations on small and  [[Page S3753]]  community banks and regional banks--freeing up some $6 trillion all in  between regulations and taxes and the work in Dodd-Frank. That $6  trillion is potentially coming back into the economy. That affects  people who work for a living, not just the people who own the  businesses.   Today, small business optimism hit a 30-year high. Some 31\1/2\  million jobs have been created, and 870 regulations have been reversed.  Over 1,500 people in the Veterans' Administration have been let go  because they were not concerned and did not perform their jobs  properly.   This year, it is all about continuing to grow the economy by focusing  on immigration, infrastructure, and trade. Trade is a very complex  matrix of countries and industries; it is not just a very simple thing  of back-and-forth. I understand that the President is trying to do it  in a bilateral way. I personally would prefer the TPP approach. But  that is just two individuals. We are committed to this bilateral path,  and I fully support that now. Of course, how we deal with each one  should be thoughtful and strategic, and we need to be in a hurry to get  that done. We need a holistic approach to trade, not the ad hoc  approach we have seen in the past.   Do you know what. If you want meaningful results in trade, you have  to have the courage to have serious, tough conversations with other  countries, regardless of how many headaches it may cause for some folks  here in Washington. That includes some of our allies, by the way.   The imbalance we have in trade is not just with China; it is with  pretty much every one of our allies. The solutions are not  controversial. They can be dealt with the right way.   When it comes to trade, including trade with some of our closest  allies, America isn't being treated fairly. We covered that already. We  have been in this position for some time. It is really by our own  making. We did this intentionally.   President Trump is working to begin to fix this by negotiating better  trade deals for American businesses, products, and workers. Make no  mistake--the beneficiaries of these trade negotiations are American  consumers and American workers. Trump is doing this from a position of  strength, I believe. He is leveraging that strength to get a better  deal. It is not about pending alliances; it is about telling other  countries: We aren't going to stand for anything less than a level  playing field. I think that is only fair when we are dealing with our  allies or our adversaries.   President Trump has the attention of the world and momentum to pull  off better trade deals, so why are Members of this body trying to  confuse and complicate the process by undermining the President's  efforts?   Furthermore, we cannot discuss trade in a vacuum. The credibility of  the negotiator is all-important when dealing with certain parts of the  world. We need to take that into consideration when we are considering  things that we have been debating here in the last 24 hours on this  floor. We need to talk about trade from an economic and national  security standpoint. It is, in fact, a full-blown, complex geopolitical  issue.    To that point, we should all share the priority of denuclearization  in the Korean Peninsula. President Trump is also working from a  position of strength on that topic. This President and his team have  the momentum to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula. Imagine what  progress would be achieved compared to just 6 months ago when the worst  was being contemplated.   Just as President Trump has brought China to the trade table, he has  secured their cooperation on North Korea. I can tell you personally,  having just visited there recently, we would not be in these  negotiations with North Korea without the help of President Xi Jinping  and the Chinese people. President Trump's leadership on this maximum- pressure campaign led to China's cooperation on tough sanctions, which  helped bring North Korea to the table in the first place.   The President made a personal commitment to another foreign leader  about how to deal with ZTE. He should be able to follow through on his  word. This agreement may be tied to other elements of this  administration's national security agenda that we don't know about in  full detail, and we need to give them the benefit of the doubt and stop  undercutting the negotiating power of our Commander in Chief.   This ZTE amendment, which has been thrown into the NDAA at the last  minute and before the Commerce Department made its full ruling, could  threaten China's cooperation in dealing with North Korea. It is  remarkably shortsighted for politicians in this body to complicate the  situation with the ZTE amendment, in my opinion. I believe it will  undercut our ability to negotiate, and I think it jeopardizes our  negotiator's credibility.   Of course, Congress has an important role to play on all free trade  agreements and certainly treaties. The advice-and-consent principle  that is built into our format is absolutely critical. I am not trying  to undermine that in the least. However, we should not be trying to  undercut our chief negotiator in the middle of a negotiating process.   I personally have survived some of those in my career. I understand  that the credibility of the person doing the negotiating is absolutely  critical. However, in our situation, in dealing with any foreign  leader, the full breadth of the responsibility of the legislative  branch has to be explained up front. I am fully supportive of that.   To those who say this President is picking winners and losers, going  back to the ZTE issue, let me say that the only winner President Trump  is trying to pick today is America. I think it is refreshing that we  have somebody finally standing up and fighting for us for a change,  after decades of making sure that the Third World was developed.   This is about making sure that America is treated fairly and that it  is the best place to do business in the world. It is about making  America more competitive and secure. It is about making sure that the  people who take showers after work and not before work get treated  fairly in dealing with the rest of the world. This is about making  America more competitive. It is about making America more secure. It is  about ensuring our economic and national security for the next 100  years.   This body should put aside self-interest and focus on the national  interest and give this President the room he needs to negotiate on  everything from better trade to denuclearization in the Korean  Peninsula. Stop the hysteria, in my opinion. This is about a much  bigger picture. In the much bigger picture, we talk about the rise of  China and the impact on the world.   Let me highlight a couple of things from this past weekend. President  Trump issued a statement that offered an olive branch to Russia on the  G7. He felt he would support their reentering the G7. What did Putin  say? He said: Well, no, thank you. I am more interested in other  things, like the SCO.   Most people in this body aren't familiar with the SCO. It is the  Shanghai Cooperation Organisation. It is basically China, Russia,  Uzbekistan, and a few countries in that area. But India and Pakistan  just attended their first meeting. I think this is an extremely  dangerous development for the future of self-determining people.   I think it is time for this body to get behind a unified approach  with regard to what we are trying to do with trade and North Korea and  tell the rest of the world: We want to be the strongest ally you have  ever seen, just like we have been for the last 200 years. It is time,  as the President said in Davos, to take care of our business so we can  help you take care of your business.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield my time.   