 Mr. President, I want to join my friend, the Senator from  Iowa, Senator Grassley, and talk about what has happened with the tax  bill--the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as the President insisted it be called  because that is exactly what it was to do.   It has been 6 months since it was signed into law, and it is clear  that the country is thinking differently about the future. It is clear  that there is more confidence in our economy than there has been in  past years. It is also clear, frankly, that a lot of that confidence  began after the last election and was reinforced by commonsense  regulation instead of out-of-control regulation.   The tax bill, on top of that, as it turns out, is doing the things  those of us who voted for it said it would do and does not do the  things people who were against it said were going to happen. I remember  that nobody was going to get a tax cut--only to find out that 9 out of  10 people who paid income tax last year are paying less income tax this  year.   This week, the Gallup poll organization found that the percentage of  Americans who are satisfied with the direction of the economy is the  highest it has been in almost 15 years.   In May, small business optimism increased among small business owners  to the second highest level in the National Federation of Independent  Business survey's 45-year history. In fact, there were several records  that were broken in May. Compensation increases hit a 45-year high.  Positive sales trends reached the highest level since 1995--over 20  years ago. Expansion plans were more robust than they had been at any  time in the survey's history. That set a record as well.   The combination of lower taxes and full expensing of new and used  equipment has created an additional cash flow incentive that is making  a difference.   As of this month, 1 million new jobs have been created since the  passage of the tax cut bill. In the last year, Missouri--my State-- added nearly 35,000 jobs, and more than 4,000 Missourians who were  unemployed just found jobs. Nationwide there are more job openings than  people looking for work. In the 20 years that those two things have  been measured at the same time--how many people are looking for work  and how many job openings there are--it is the first time in 20 years  that there were more jobs available than people looking for work.   I said a number of times on the floor as we debated the tax bill that  there are two ways to increase people's take-home pay. One is to take  less money out of the check they already get. Nine out of ten Americans  who paid income taxes last year found that has happened for them. No. 2  is to be sure we have better jobs to start with, have an economy where  people are competing to get workers and competing to keep workers.   As businesses try to attract new employees, they are setting new,  higher minimum entry-level skills and minimum job compensation than  they have had before. The National Federation of Independent Business  found that 35 percent of all small business owners reported increases  in their labor compensation. One out of three NFIB employers says they  are paying more now than they were 1 year ago.   In addition, the report found that nearly 60 percent of respondents  are hiring or trying to hire. When 60 percent of the respondents to a  survey are trying to hire, that is pretty good news. It is good news  for the economy, but it is also good news for people out there trying  to get hired. If you are in an economy where lots of people are looking  for workers, you are in a lot better place than if you are in an  economy where only a few people are looking for workers.   We need to make sure we have a skills and training match that gets  people into those better jobs that are out there. I was all over our  State a couple of weeks ago, in 10 different cities over 3 days  attending business roundtables and going to manufacturing locations. In  my hometown of Springfield, one manufacturing location had 20 available  jobs right then. Other people were telling me that they have hired  people back whom they had fired in the past, and the approach was: If  you want a second chance, I know you know how to do what we do here. If  you are ready to give it another try, I am ready to give it another  try. That doesn't happen very often in very many economies.   According to the survey the Association of General Contractors  released this year, more than three-fourths of the people who responded  to that survey said they couldn't find or they were having a hard time  finding the qualified workers they need.   In a bill that we will mark up in the Appropriations Committee next  week, the subcommittee that I chair--the Labor, Education, Health and  Human Services Subcommittee--we are going to continue to build this  apprenticeship program in a bipartisan way that Congress has embraced.  The President likes this program. We have had a 53-percent increase in  just the last couple of years in the training money available for  apprenticeships.   Two hundred years ago, apprenticeships were the way everybody learned  to do whatever it was they were going to do. If you were going to learn  a skill, you were going to learn it as an apprentice.   This is a program that really gives the employers the tools they need  to develop the workforce they would like to have. It gives workers an  opportunity to earn a salary while they are learning skills. It does  that in a way that makes it possible for employers to do a couple  things at the same time: prepare their own workforce, get people ready  for work, and put people in a situation where they are suddenly showing  up for work every day, learning skills while they are there, learning a  lot of things that will get them ready for full-time employment.   For the 9 out of 10 Americans who complete apprenticeship training  programs and get a job--and again, 9 out of 10 people who go through  those programs get a job, and the average starting salary for those  jobs is $60,000 a year. These are not minimum wage jobs; these are  significant opportunities to start at that level and work your way up.  I hear from businesses and I hear from unions in Missouri all the time  about the need for skilled workers and about the long-term careers that  can result from meeting that skilled-worker need.   As we continue to focus on training our 21st-century workforce, we  know there are a lot of challenges we have to address. Next week, our  subcommittee will consider our bill. Dedicating resources for programs  geared toward better preparing and training the next generation of  workers is one of our top priorities.   I am pleased that the Trump administration has also taken important  steps to strengthen apprenticeship programs. Last year, the  administration issued an Executive order that doubled the amount the  Federal Government spent on apprenticeship programs. In addition, the  order shifted the role of developing government-funded workforce  development programs from the Labor Department to private sector  entities, such as trade groups, unions, and businesses, which, frankly,  are much more likely to produce the workforce they know they need than  a government program that is much more likely to produce the workforce  we might have needed a couple of years ago.   This is a program that is working. With an economy growing as fast as  ours, we need to promote job skills and training that fit the jobs of  the future. We need to ensure that opportunities are available for  workers in rural areas, suburban areas, and urban areas alike. It is  critical that we ensure that Federal programs are designed to continue  to take advantage of the apprenticeship model that is working.   Just a couple of years ago, I don't think people would have predicted  where we would be with our economy today. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act had  a lot to do with that--resetting the foundation of our economy, making  it possible for us to compete around the world, going from the highest  corporate rate in the world to a rate right in the middle. We are fine  in the middle. Nobody is fine, if they are trying to compete, when they  give themselves the biggest disadvantage in that field of competition.   It has only been 6 months, but it has been a pretty good 6 months,  and I  [[Page S4265]]  think we will continue to see the good news we have been seeing as  people develop more confidence in their ability to take care of their  families and to take care of themselves, and more confidence in the  economy is going to make that possible.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   