 Mr. Speaker, I am rising in strong support  of the rule on the underlying bill.   Included in this package of bills before us today is the National  Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act. This is a bipartisan bill,  and it is to ensure that future regulation can keep pace with--and not  stifle--innovation in our equity markets.   The SEC's interpretation of the current law has created a two-tiered  playing field by giving unintended preferential treatment to three  named exchanges. Now, one of those three no longer exists.   Enactment of the National Securities Exchange Parity Act would strike  references to particular stock exchanges in the 1933 Securities Act,  and the bill would make it clear that the blue sky exemption from  State-by-State registration is extended to all national securities  exchanges registered with the SEC.   So why is that particular exemption important? If you were to ask  anyone from Massachusetts, for example, who tried to invest in Apple  during its IPO, State regulators banned the stock for being ``too  risky'' under rules ``aimed at weeding out highfliers that didn't have  solid earnings foundations.''  [[Page H1142]]  Today, Apple is up 43,000 percent and is flirting with a $1 trillion  market cap.   The bill before us today increases the number of securities that will  not be forced to register on a State-by-State basis, while maintaining  important investor protections.   The SEC is and will remain the primary enforcement agency of  securities fraud. This bill in no way impacts the SEC's oversight or  enforcement authority. The SEC must also still approve individual  exchange listing standards; they simply won't be allowed to preset the  standards.   State-by-State securities registration not only potentially locks out  investors from promising opportunities like Apple, but it can have  significant negative economic consequences by chilling public offerings  and, obviously, innovation.   The National Securities Exchange Parity Act encourages new exchanges  to become listing venues and a source of capital for companies looking  to go public, to expand, and to hire more workers.   The bill is identical to language included in the larger regulatory  reform package already passed by the Senate Banking Committee, and I  urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  commonsense, technical fix. It is good for market competition. It is  good for capital formation. I urge passage of the rule and the  underlying bill.   