 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, grazing on public lands is a privilege-- not a right--and ranchers who use these  [[Page H6511]]  lands should abide by the law and pay their fair share.   On average, Federal rates for grazing are more than 90 percent lower  than what the private sector charges. In fact, these rates are so low  that the government actually loses money administering the grazing  program. My amendment would simply reaffirm that grazing permits or  leases should not be issued to anyone who refuses to comply with BLM  regulations, including the payment of fees.   Mr. Chairman, this is a narrow amendment, but it speaks to a broader  principle. We can't claim to support the rule of law and then look the  other way when ranchers like Cliven Bundy ignore their obligations.   Bundy thumbed his nose at the executive and judicial branches of our  government, running up over $1 million in unpaid fees. He then put the  lives of local and Federal officials in danger during a standoff at his  Nevada ranch.   Later, when two Oregon ranchers named Dwight and Steven Hammond, who  also have a history of disregarding grazing regulations, were sent to  Federal prison for fires they potentially set near Federal lands,  members of the Bundy family led an armed occupation of the national  wildlife refuge.   Mr. Chairman, President Trump recently pardoned the Hammonds,  validating these violent tactics and insulting the courageous law  enforcement officers who risked their lives during the confrontation in  Oregon. With these pardons, Trump has effectively given his blessing to  groups who intimidated, threatened, and occupied local communities. He  has legitimized Bundy's extreme right-wing movements.   Make no mistake, Donald Trump is sending a clear message to militant  and antigovernment organizations: You can break the law, threaten  Federal employees, and endanger public safety with complete impunity.  That is unacceptable.   Mr. Chairman, freeloading on Federal land is unlawful and unfair.  Let's pass my amendment and reaffirm that the ranchers need to play by  the rules just like the rest of us.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, let's face it: Ranchers who refuse to pay  what they owe the Federal Government are freeloaders, pure and simple.  If you don't pay your taxes, you go to jail. If you don't pay your  mortgage, you get your house taken away. Ranchers are not more special  than any other Americans. They are freeloaders, and they should pay for  their freeloading. Congress should not stand for it. Let's pass my  amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   