 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bipartisan  bill, H.R. 2630, the La Paz County Land Conveyance Act.   La Paz County, Arizona, is a county in western Arizona defined by the  Colorado River, the vast Arizona desert, and a massive Federal  footprint. This bipartisan bill helps facilitate a land transfer from  the Bureau of Land Management to the county.   Specifically, H.R. 2630 directs the Secretary of the Interior to  convey 8,800 acres of Federal land to La Paz County for the purpose of  economic development opportunities and facilitating renewable  electrical generation. The bill allows the county to take advantage of  one of the best assets they have--sunshine--and pursue utility-scale  solar energy production.   This legislation requires the county to pay fair-market value for the  land involved in this transfer. H.R. 2630 also requires the county to  pay for all costs related to the conveyance, including all surveys,  appraisals, and all other administrative costs.   I would like to provide a little more background about La Paz County  to help explain why this bill is so important.   By population, La Paz is Arizona's second smallest county, with just  under 21,000 permanent residents. More than a third of those people are  over the age of 65.   The unemployment rate in the county is stubbornly high, with La Paz  County consistently ranking in the top 5 counties in Arizona, out of  15, in terms of highest unemployment rate.   Currently, only 6 percent of the land in La Paz County is in private  ownership. Federal, State, or Tribal governments own almost 95 percent  of the land within the county, nearly two-thirds of which is owned by  the BLM. Because of the immense Federal footprint in the county, a land  conveyance is necessary to allow for new opportunities for economic  development.   H.R. 2630, will help create new, good-paying jobs for La Paz County  residents and generate new revenues to fund important county services  like education, transportation, and law enforcement.   The plot of land the county has identified, with the assistance of  the BLM, is ideally situated on the edge of the La Paz-Maricopa County  line, adjacent to existing and proposed fiber optic, electric, and  natural gas transmission lines. Further, the transferred parcels are  conveniently located next to the Ten West Link, a 114-mile transmission  line that will further interconnect Arizona and California.    Initial review shows that the land does not contain any endangered  species, cultural resources, and already has a significant level of  surface disturbance.   The legislation was drafted at the request of the county in  collaboration with the Tribes and other stakeholders. The Congressional  Budget Office estimates the bill will generate $6 million for the  Federal Government.   Solar energy development on land conveyed by the bill will provide  good-paying local jobs and help empower the county to determine its own  economic future.  [[Page H6623]]    Finally, the renewable energy generated as a result of this bill will  assist with ensuring a balanced portfolio and provide clean, renewable  power to help meet the electricity demands of the West.   I am pleased to have had La Paz County Supervisor D.L. Wilson out to  testify in favor of the bill, and I appreciate all the county's hard  work on behalf of this effort.   I am also pleased to have received a letter of support for the bill  from the Colorado River Indian Tribes, which started, in part: ``While  we acknowledge that this legislation only addresses a small portion of  the county, it is our hope that we can use this cooperative model to  ensure that future developments on other lands are also conducted in a  culturally sensitive way.''   This is good public policy. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' in  favor of this bipartisan jobs bill that embraces a true all-of-the- above energy strategy.   