 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the conferees on H.R. 6157  for rejecting a proposal by the Trump administration to use this  appropriation measure to impose a new  [[Page H9047]]  $700 fee for businesses in the Northern Mariana Islands that employ  foreign workers under the Commonwealth Only Transitional Worker (CW)  program.   Working with Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, and other  colleagues here in the House of Representatives, I was recently able to  enact the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act, Public Law 115- 218, including a new requirement for employment of those workers: the  U.S. Department of Labor must first certify that no U.S. worker is  able, willing, and available for the job that would be filled.   This is the same kind of certification required prior to issuance of  an H-2B visa for temporary foreign workers, but which is free for that  purpose. In my view the certification should be free to employers in  the Marianas, as well. I can understand that the Department may face  new costs in standing up and operating this service for the Marianas CW  program. The Department, however, had the opportunity during the  drafting of the U.S. Workforce Act to ask for the authority to levy a  fee. They did not nor is it likely I would have agreed.   Nevertheless, it is in the interest of our businesses and the  Marianas economy that the new certification requirement be initiated  without delay. The conferees have ensured that will be the case by  providing in Section 118 of H.R. 6157 for the rescission of $8.25  million in unobligated funds from the H-1B Nonimmigrant Petitioner  Account to be used in fiscal year 2019 for processing applications for  foreign labor certifications, including activities related to wage  determinations and associated tasks, submitted by Marianas employers.  Again, I thank the conferees for adopting this win-win solution.   I wish also to record my support for extension of the Violence  Against Women Act in the Continuing Resolution through December 7,  although, of course, a reauthorization for a multi-year period is still  wanting. I was an original cosponsor of the reauthorization in 2013 and  included a provision in Section 201 that doubled funding allocated to  the Northern Mariana Islands for the Sexual Assault Service Program.  And Section 809 allowed women who petition for status as victims of  human trafficking or violence to count the time lived in the Northern  Marianas as time present in the United States, so they can more quickly  adjust to a permanent immigrant status. I am also an original cosponsor  of reauthorization of VAWA in this Congress, H.R. 6545.   Lastly, I strongly support the 2.6 percent pay increase for our  uniformed services, mandated in H.R. 6157. Our country asks so much of  these brave men and women and we owe them, at the very least, a wage  that keeps pace with costs.   