 Mr. President, I come to talk about the farm bill and an  amendment I filed along with Senators Cornyn and Heller, but I first  want to thank Chairman Roberts for doing the remarkable job he does  bringing people together on the Agriculture Committee. For the first 2  years I was in the Senate, beginning in 2015, I was on Agriculture, and  I really enjoyed watching the way he worked trying to bridge the gaps  between different interests.   In the Agriculture Committee, it is less along partisan lines and  more along regional lines. So the fact that we have a farm bill before  us, which I will support and I believe is good for farmers, is a  testament to the leadership of Chairman Roberts and Ranking Member  Stabenow.   A lot of people probably don't realize that although North Carolina  is a relatively small State, with the majority of our population in  urban centers, we are also one of the top 10 agriculture States. We  have over 80 commodities raised in our State which contribute about $84  billion to our State in revenue. So it is a very important sector--in  fact, I would argue, the most important sector.   It is absolutely important that we get the farm bill right and that  we have fair treatment for all crops. Chairman Roberts is working on  that, and I am going to do everything I can to help him as we work with  the House Members in conference.   I want to spend the remaining part of my time talking about something  that is also very important.   About 80 percent of the farm bill is dedicated to the SNAP program.  We heard Senator Ernst talk about it in her comments. It is a very  important program for nutritional assistance, but it is also important  we implement policies that make sure it is sustainable over time and  that for those who are reliant on it, we ultimately do everything we  can for those who are capable to no longer rely on it. How do we do  that?   Right now, there is a program for adults where, if you don't have  dependents, there is an expectation about work requirements, but I  believe we have to make sure we have more people looking for work,  being trained for work as a requirement for getting the SNAP benefits.   There will be a lot of people who are going to talk about the  heartless nature of this program, but let's talk about what is really  being proposed versus what you may hear in a floor speech or in the  press.   What this program is about is for people between the ages of 18 and  50 who do not have children under the age of 6. Why 6? Because at that  point they are generally going to school, so daycare issues are not as  great. We are not talking about people who have a health problem or  someone who has a disability. They are exempted.   We are talking about adults who may have older children, who are  able-bodied, and should be expected to work or do some sort of  community service as a condition for getting the SNAP benefit.    There are a lot of people we think we can provide the benefit, get  them to work a minimum of 20 hours a week, and ultimately maybe get  them a job where they would no longer need the SNAP benefit and be free  of any dependence on government to make their ends meet.   There are also people who may not have skills that can get them into  a job at this point. So if you can't find a 20-hour-a-week job, you can  at least perhaps get into a job training program so you have the  necessary skills to make a living wage.   A couple of months ago, I was visiting a center in Charlotte, about  15 minutes out of my hometown, which has been stood up by Goodwill. It  takes all comers. Anybody who wants new job skills can come to this  facility. They can pursue certifications. They can do the prerequisite  work there to then go to a community college or university. This  program is about saying: If you don't have the skills you need today to  get into that job that would free you from government assistance, then  I think it is reasonable to expect that maybe 20 hours a week you go to  training programs like this so you are better prepared to do it over  time.   That is essentially the nature of the amendment I have filed, along  with the support of Senator Cornyn and Senator Heller.   There are a couple of reasons why you want to do this. We need to  make sure we can get as many people to work, No. 1, so they can be free  of government assistance; and, No. 2, to make sure the economic burden  on taxpayers does not become so great that, at some point, the only way  we can pay for the SNAP benefit is to cut the SNAP benefit. In other  words, I want to make sure these safety nets are always well-funded and  always there for people who need it.   I think this amendment and an opportunity to talk about it, and  potentially make progress on this farm bill, is something I am excited  about. I think we can do it in a way to make sure people who genuinely  need it will get it, but those who genuinely have an opportunity to  free themselves from government assistance over time can do that too.   I will leave you with this. When I was 17 years old, I was supposed  to go into the Air Force, and I was discharged because of an automobile  accident. I had moved out of our home when I was 17. I found myself not  going to college and actually not being employed. Fortunately, for me,  there was a community  [[Page S4704]]  college or a technical school back in Nashville, TN, that I went to  which gave me the job skills that, over a very short period of time,  gave me a job which ultimately led to my professional career, and I  guess ultimately led to me being a U.S. Senator. So I am speaking from  personal experience.   If I had taken the path of maybe just looking for a program that  didn't have a work requirement, didn't necessarily have the motivation  to go down the path I did--there are people out there whom I think we  are going to lose who could be some of the greatest business  executives, plant managers, artisans, and trades men and women we have  ever seen. That is why programs like this and amendments like this I  think require serious consideration and hopefully the support of the  Senate.   I yield the floor.   