 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate vote on the motion to invoke  cloture on the Powell nomination.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, at 5 p.m., all postcloture time be  considered expired and the Senate vote on confirmation of the Powell  nomination; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table, the President be immediately notified of  the Senate's action, and the Senate then vote on the motion to invoke  cloture on the Azar nomination.    Mr. President, I am glad that Democrats decided that they  needed to reopen the government. The political theater they engaged in  over the weekend endangered funding for our military, threatened the  future of the Children's Health Insurance Program, and created  uncertainty about important government services, from programs for  veterans, to worker and product safety, to public health. And for what?  For politics. Democrats were feeling pressure from certain interest  groups within their party, and so they decided to use the government  funding bill to take a stand on an unrelated illegal immigration issue.  It didn't matter that Republicans had already expressed an interest in  working on an immigration bill with Democrats or that the deadline for  such a bill was not imminent. No, Democrats weren't getting the bill  that they and their interest groups wanted, when they wanted it, so  they decided to jeopardize the operation of the entire government.   Unfortunately, obstructing for political reasons has been the  Democrats' modus operandi so far this Congress. Democrats were  supposedly fervent advocates of extending the Children's Health  Insurance Program, but they chose to obstruct the substantial 6-year  extension of CHIP included in the government funding bill because they  wanted to make a political point. On Presidential nominees, they have  obstructed and obstructed again, even when they planned to eventually  support the nominee. And of course I don't need to remind anyone of  Democrats' refusal to accept Republicans' offer to work together on tax  reform--this, of course, despite the fact that Democrats had previously  called for tax reform and supported many of the proposals that were  included in the law.   Obviously, there are going to be disagreements in politics, sometimes  very serious ones. Sometimes opposing legislation is absolutely the  right thing to do, but opposing legislation because you have a serious  disagreement with it and opposing legislation for political reasons are  two very different things. But unfortunately, since their defeat in the  2016 elections, Democrats have spent a lot of time doing the latter.  That is irresponsible, it is shortsighted, and it is a disservice to  their constituents. Democrats are missing the chance to help deliver  major benefits for the American people.   That tax reform legislation Democrats fiercely decried despite their  previous support for many of the included proposals, well, that  legislation, which has been the law of the land for barely a month, is  already delivering big benefits for the American people. More than 200  companies have announced wage hikes, 401(k) increases, and/or bonuses.   The Nation's largest private employer, Walmart, announced an increase  in its starting wage for hourly employees and bonuses for eligible  employees. It also announced expanded maternity and parental leave  benefits and the creation of a new adoption benefit for their  employees. More than 1 million Walmart employees will benefit from the  changes.   Tech giant Apple announced last week that thanks to tax reform, it  will bring home almost $250 billion in cash that it has been keeping  overseas and invest it here in the United States. It also announced  that it will create 20,000 new jobs and provide $2,500 stock bonuses to  employees.   The list goes on--better retirement benefits at Aflac; increased  capital investment and bonuses at AT&T bonuses at PNC; increased  investment in infrastructure and facilities at Boeing; a hike in  starting wages at Capital One; new jobs, bonuses, and investment from  Fiat Chrysler; bonuses at Southwest, JetBlue, and American Airlines;  better retirement benefits at Visa; and the list goes on and on. There  are the utility companies that are seeking approval from the regulators  to pass savings on to consumers. These benefits are going to make a  real difference in families' lives this year and, in some cases, well  into the future.   The main benefits of tax reform are still to come. The IRS has  released the new withholding tables for the tax law, and Americans  should start seeing the results in February. Thanks to lower income tax  rates and the near doubling of the standard deduction, 90 percent of  American workers should see bigger paychecks starting next month. On  top of that, the doubling of the child tax credit will mean even  greater tax relief for hard-working parents, and that is just the  beginning.   One major goal of tax reform was to provide immediate, direct relief  to hard-working Americans, and that is happening right now. But our  other goal was to create the kind of robust, long-term economic growth  that would provide long-term security for American families. That is  already starting with the wave of wage increases and bonuses, but there  is a lot more to come. As businesses large and small experience the  benefits of tax reform, American workers will see increased access to  the kinds of jobs, wages, and opportunities that will secure their  American dream for the long term.   I am proud that we passed tax reform, and I am very excited about the  benefits that it is already delivering for American families and  American  [[Page S449]]  workers. We have a lot more to accomplish this year, from improving our  Nation's infrastructure to strengthening our military, to border  security.   I hope yesterday's vote to end the shutdown is a sign that the  Democrats are ready to stop obstructing. We can get a lot more done for  the American people when we are working together.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   