 Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my good friends  and colleagues Mr. Denham and Mr. Costa, to recognize somebody, as you  can tell, who clearly impacted not just the lives of the three of us  but the lives of many people on the Central Coast of California, the  Central Valley of California, and across this Nation.   Today we obviously commemorate, we celebrate, Rick Antle and what he  has done for the Salinas Valley agriculture industry and what he and  his family at T&A did to claim that area as the Salad Bowl of the  World. Let me tell you, he did it through innovation, and he did it  through ingenuity, in dealing with the specialty crops and the  technology and practices that are needed in order to grow those types  of crops.   He was on the forefront of innovation when it came to precision  farming, from growing hydroponic lettuce to plant tape, to a Robovator.  The farming at T&A used less water and less pesticides, and that led to  less harm to our environment. Yet they still continued to grow a vast  amount of vegetables.   I can tell you it wasn't just his investments in innovation that set  Rick apart; it was his ingenuity and foresight that inspired him to  implement standards to protect our community, our environment, to  invest in making his employees' lives better, and to strive to impact  policies that would improve the agricultural industry.   Rick clearly was a steward of our environment, from T&A's packaging  and energy use, to maintaining soil health, to monitoring water usage.  T&A was dedicated to ensuring long-term sustainability to benefit our  community, our planet, and yes, our next generation.   Rick was committed to making his employees' lives better, from  providing that state-of-the-art housing that my colleagues mentioned to  offering employees stock options so that they could be a part of that  company, they could have a stake in that company.   Yes, Rick was always a tireless advocate for the agriculture  industry. We definitely valued his voice and his advice. And I can tell  you, like I said, it wasn't just us but clearly his family that he  influenced. I will never forget his son Brian talking about the best  piece of advice that he got from Rick. It was when he was in high  school. Rick was getting him out in the fields. And Rick's advice to  Brian was: Look, the best fertilizer a farmer can have is his farmer's  own shadow. Being there, showing up. That is what Rick did.   As you can see, Mr. Speaker, Rick was and he is a legend, not just on  the Central Coast, not just in the Central Valley, but in the  agricultural community. Carrie and I will miss him, and we know that  his spirit will continue to be felt, not just in the Salad Bowl of the  World but in all of our worlds.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member DeFazio and  Chairman Shuster. Our families have some history, but I also appreciate  your friendship and leadership on this issue.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 4. My  amendment will ensure that the FAA studies alternative ways to measure  sound over a period of time, such as actual noise sampling, to properly  capture the experience of those on the ground.   I offer this amendment for my constituents in Carmel Valley to  Capitola to Santa Cruz. Those are people who lived in communities that  were once quiet until the FAA NextGen changed the routes over their  houses back in 2015. Their health, their sleep, their pets, their well- being were all affected by the sound of jet engines, air brakes, and  landing gear.   I appreciate the work that FAA has done to get us close to quieter  skies in my community, as well as the Select Committee on these issues  and their work with the FAA. However, like many Members who have  districts who have faced these types of airplane noise concerns, I  believe that the existing day-night level 65-decibel standard is out of  date, out of touch, and inadequate to measure the amount of sound  pollution impacting our communities.   My amendment would ensure not just alternative ways, but proper ways  to study noise sampling. I appreciate the committee for including this  amendment en bloc.   