 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, borrowing from a phrase from Senator  Whitehouse of Rhode Island, ``It is time to wake up to the threat of  climate change.'' We must open our eyes to the insidious web of deceit  that the Koch brothers, in alliance with the Trump Administration, are  weaving to promote an anti-science, anti-consumer, and anti-renewable  energy agenda. This web of deceit is something that the Koch brothers  are proud of.   Just last week, they bragged to donors in a report that they were  responsible for President Trump's policies: repealing the Clean Power  Plan, check; attacking public lands, check; attempting to gut bedrock  environmental laws for infrastructure projects, check; leaving the  Paris climate accord, check; tax giveaways to Big Oil and other fossil  fuel corporations, check-plus.   The first year of the Trump Administration has been a Koch brothers  wish list, and they are popping their champagne bottles all the way to  the bank. In fact, the various front groups and trade organizations  that pushed President Trump to exit the Paris climate accord accepted  almost $7 million from the Koch brothers directly. Those groups took  millions more from other anti-climate groups, which were also funded by  the Koch brothers. It is a tangled web they weave with their money.  That is what the Koch brothers have bought--a network of individuals,  shady front groups, and partisan organizations whose sole purpose is to  undermine the policies that protect Americans and the planet from  climate change.   Like a real spider web, it is hard to see this web of deceit unless  the light catches it in just the right way. I am going to shine a light  on a few threads of this web tonight, the threads that make up the  effort to undermine the scientific consensus on climate change: the  Koch brothers and their CO2 Coalition. One of these threads  is the CO2 Coalition. This group, founded in 2015 with the  remains of the defunct George C. Marshall Institute, pushed a single  mantra: ``Carbon dioxide, a nutrient vital for life.''   The CO2 Coalition started where the George C. Marshall  Institute, another Koch-backed front group, left off--disseminating  disinformation, particularly around global warming.   Total funding from the Koch-related foundations for the  CO2 Coalition is more than $650,000 since 2004. In addition  to the Kochs, the billionaire conservative Mercer family also gave the  CO2 Coalition $150,000 in 2016. And that is just what we  know of.   For those not familiar, the board of the CO2 Coalition  includes the controversial physicist William Happer, who has testified  in front of Congress multiple times to push climate denialism and the  self-serving interest of the fossil fuel industry and the Koch  brothers.   When I was chairman of the House Select Committee for Energy  Independence and Global Warming, Dr. Happer advocated in testimony for  the government to support an ``alternative hypothesis,'' which amounted  to denial of climate change. This ``alternative hypothesis'' was the  grandfather of another familiar term, the Trump Administration's so- called alternative facts--``alternative hypothesis.''   During those years that I was the chairman of the Select Committee  for Energy Independence and Global Warming and the Subcommittee on  Energy and the Environment of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I  conducted nearly 100 hearings. They went on for hours and hours. We are  talking of 200, 300 hours of hearings where we were able to hear these  crackpot theories that were enunciated and debunked at that time.  Despite his views on climate science being routinely debunked,  including what happened in my hearing back then, Dr. Happer continues  to be called as an ``expert witness'' by Republicans in Congress. From  this platform, he spreads doubt and misinformation about climate  change. He has called carbon dioxide ``a benefit to the Earth,'' an  absurd assertion that is in complete contrast to the findings of the  EPA and the vast majority of climate scientists. That is because in its  materials, the CO2 Coalition states that it has the express  purpose of ``educating thought leaders, policy makers, and the public  about the important contribution made by carbon dioxide to our lives  and the economy.''   In reality, the CO2 Coalition writes articles, produces  videos, and uses this content to spread lies about climate change  through social media. They seek not to inform but to deform consensus  scientific views at the bidding of their fossil fuel funders, the Koch  brothers.   Here is some information about carbon dioxide that the CO2  Coalition fails to mention in its love letter to fossil fuels. Every  ton of carbon we emit costs us $36--that is the social cost of carbon-- the cost to all of us of emitting an extra ton of carbon dioxide into  the atmosphere.  [[Page S2377]]    That carbon pollution is endangering human health, and it costs us  money as a society to treat the damage it does to the health of our  planet and the people who live on the planet. Carbon pollution is not a  vital nutrient for life, as the CO2 Coalition asserts. It is  a dangerous pollutant for our society when it is inside of our  atmosphere at dangerous levels--at dangerous levels. The CO2  Coalition is certainly not the only fossil fuel supported group that is  weaving this web of deceit. Especially when it comes to talking about  the importance of the ``free market,'' fossil fuel-funded climate  deniers often have selective memory loss.   The Lexington Institute, which has received funding from fossil fuel  companies like ExxonMobil, insists that renewables can't compete in the  free market with fossil fuels without Federal subsidies. That assumes  that the fossil fuel industry has succeeded in the free market all on  its own. It has not. Adam Smith is spinning in his grave, wondering how  the fossil fuel industry gets such subsidies. As a matter of fact, he  is spinning so fast that he would qualify for a subsidy under the tax  policies, which Republicans put in place.   Federal subsidies for the fossil fuel industry are more than 100  years old and account for nearly $15 billion each year. Subsidizing an  oil company to drill oil or a coal company to mine is like paying a  fish to swim or a bird to fly. You don't have to do it. The tax breaks  for the oil and gas industries are permanent pieces of the Tax Code.  These payouts automatically continue year after year--forever, into  infinity. They never decrease. They never go away. That is certainly  not the case for renewable energy industries, like solar and wind.  These industries have had to endure the uncertainty of not knowing if  their tax breaks will expire. Now tax breaks for wind are scheduled to  end completely next year. That will never happen to a fossil fuel  break. The tax breaks for solar will end in 2021, but for the fossil  fuel industry, those tax breaks will never come off the books because  they fight against special tax breaks for wind and solar. Oh, my  goodness. Who would want to help them? In fact, in its taking $15  billion a year every year for 100 years and 100 more years into  infinity--completely distorting the free market with the support of  fossil fuel companies like ExxonMobil--the Lexington Institute is  spinning its strand of the web of deceit by trying to stop a renewables  revolution.    The Koch brothers and their fossil fuel allies aren't doing this  alone. They have found their most ardent ally in their campaign to  attack climate science in President Donald Trump. Throughout the Trump  administration, there has been a concerted effort to deny, to delay,  and to defund the science of climate change in an unprecedented way.  Just look at the President's Big Oil all-star Cabinet. At one point, we  had former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State. We still have  former Governor of oil-rich Texas Rick Perry at the Department of  Energy. Oklahoma's oil oligarch Scott Pruitt is heading the  Environmental Protection Agency. All of these oil allies have voiced  doubts about the existence of climate change and the role of humans in  causing it, but no one is doing more to help anchor the various strands  of the web of deceit on climate science in the Trump administration  than the EPA's Scott Pruitt.   Mr. Pruitt announced today a new proposed rule purporting to  ``strengthen transparency and validity in regulatory science.'' What  exactly does this new secret science rule really mean? The proposal  would actually do the opposite of what its name suggests. This proposal  would actually restrict the use of scientific research that EPA  officials can use in crafting new regulations under the guise of so- called transparency. The Trump administration would allow the EPA to  consider research studies for which the underlying data are publicly  available. What this proposed change would really do is effectively  block the Agency from relying on longstanding, important studies like  those that link lead exposure to devastating neurological damage.   Scott Pruitt, at the behest of Big Oil and interests like the Koch  brothers, wants to deny EPA scientists access to critical information  in order to shield polluters, such as coal and chemical companies.  Today, as Pruitt ceremoniously announced his new rule, he was  accompanied by--wait for it--William Happer of the CO2  Coalition. The web of deceit is very real. No matter what Scott Pruitt  tries to undo at the EPA, no matter what science President Trump tries  to deny through the Federal Government, no matter what groups the Koch  brothers try to fund, the truth is all too clear. Climate change is  happening now.   Last year, we experienced a record $16 billion in storms--extreme  weather events--and climate-related disasters. It was more than in any  year in recorded history. Hurricanes ravaged Texas, Florida, Puerto  Rico. The recovery from Hurricane Harvey alone is projected to cost  $180 billion. That is the damage even as the Republicans fight to take  the wind and solar tax breaks off the books. This year, in  Massachusetts, we already experienced four Northeasters before the end  of March. Three of those storms cost more than $1 billion. That is the  earliest in any year ever recorded that we have experienced three  storms with this magnitude of devastation. The cost of these storms  speaks for itself. We simply can't afford to deny the impacts and  reality of climate change anymore.   Our greatest weapon in fighting deceit and tearing down this web is  sunlight--the sunlight of truth and the sunlight that is fueling the  solar revolution. It is a clean energy revolution that is fueling blue- collar job creation and our economy, and it is happening all across  this country and around the globe. Renewable energy is the greatest  force for blue-collar job creation in the history of the United States.   Right now, wind and solar are generating 7 to 8 percent of the  electricity we consume every day in the United States. Right now, we  have more than 90,000 megawatts of wind. We have more than 50,000  megawatts of solar installed in the United States. By 2020, we are  projected to have 120,000 megawatts of wind. We will have more than  90,000 megawatts of solar. Solar is projected to add an additional  35,000 combined megawatts in 2021 and 2022. That means, by the end of  2022, we could have over 250,000 megawatts of wind and solar installed  in the United States.   You can see what is happening now with wind and solar after it had  been, essentially, stopped by the fossil fuel industry for 100 years.  This could have happened 50 years ago. This could have happened 100  years ago. Yet now, finally, because of Democratic policies, we have  been able to finally unleash this revolution.   What is accompanying that wind and solar revolution? It is jobs,  blue-collar jobs. We now have 350,000 Americans who are working in wind  and solar. By 2020, we are going to have 500,000 workers in wind and  solar. The majority of our solar jobs--137,000--is of electricians.  There are roofers doing the installation. There are 38,000 jobs in  manufacturing. These are good blue-collar jobs. There are 25,000 of our  wind jobs in manufacturing while 35,000 are in construction,  development, and transportation. These are good-paying, blue-collar  jobs.   Why is this renewable revolution unstoppable? Why is this job  creation that is good for all of creation unstoppable? It is because  the cost of renewables is plummeting. The cost of solar has fallen 50  to 60 percent over the last 5 to 6 years. The cost of wind has fallen  66 percent since 2009. In fact, wind and solar are generally cheaper  than coal and nuclear energy are right now. Coal is losing the war  against wind and solar in the free market. It is not a conspiracy  against coal. It is competition for coal that has finally emerged. That  is what is happening. Coal is losing in the marketplace.   This is not just happening in the United States. It is happening  around the entire world. Mexico had a power auction at the end of  November at which the average price for solar was 1.9 cents per  kilowatt hour. In 2017, solar in Saudi Arabia came in at 1.8 cents per  kilowatt hour. In Dubai, it was 2.4 cents per kilowatt hour. Half of  all electricity installed around the world last year was renewable.  Renewable energy deployment around the world has increased by 8 percent  a year for 7 years in a row.   This is a global clean energy race, and it is a global job creation  race. The Koch brothers and their fossil fuel allies want to take the  United States of  [[Page S2378]]  America out of this revolution. Global temperatures are rising, but the  cost of renewables is plummeting. There is no denying the science of  climate change or the mathematics behind the renewable revolution.   For decades, the Koch brothers have perpetrated a fraud on the  American people about climate change. They have worked to discredit  science in order to sow doubt. They are funding a web of deceit that  spreads misinformation and undermines the urgency needed to address the  generational challenge of climate change. We must fight back with  education, with urgency, with facts, and, ultimately, with action.   That is why, this week, I am introducing, with my colleagues here in  the Senate and in the House, the Climate Change Education Act. This  legislation would promote climate literacy by broadening students'  understanding of climate change, the consequences of climate change,  and the potential solutions. This bill would give students, teachers,  and families the tools they need to protect our planet for future  generations. We must take the climate deniers and their fossil fuel  funders to task for their opposition to the clean energy opportunities  that could win the battle against climate change.   We have a chance to unleash a clean energy revolution that creates  jobs as it cuts dangerous carbon pollution. We are on the floor today  to cut down this tangled web of deceit--to shine a light on the lies  that emanate from this Koch brothers-funded web of deceit that has  tried its best to stop this clean energy revolution.   As you can see, this revolution has taken off in the United States as  it has taken off around the rest of the planet, and it will not be  denied. The green generation, the young generation in our country, will  not be denied. They want to see a wind and solar and all-electric  vehicle revolution take place that will change the course of history.  That is why we are out here today--to let the rest of the world know we  are in this fight, and we are going to win it.   I yield the floor.   