 Mr. Speaker, before I begin my remarks, let me thank  Chairman Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, for  his extraordinary leadership, not only on this bill, but on a whole  array of conservation and security initiatives. I thank the gentleman  for his chairmanship and for his long service in Congress.   Mr. Speaker, let me thank Ranking Member Engel for his support of  this legislation and Congressman Sherman for his kind and generous  remarks. They are very much appreciated.   Mr. Speaker, the greater Okavango River Basin is the largest  freshwater wetland in southern Africa. Not only is it the main source  of water and livelihood for more than 1 million people, as we have  heard, it is home to the largest remaining elephant population in the  entire world.   The pathway for habitat along the three-country waterway is essential  for sustaining this majestic animal and other species. As a creative  approach to conservation, to foster an ecosystem of well-being for  communities and for the purpose of international stability and  security, as so well stated by Chairman Royce, given the scourge of  wildlife trafficking and the nexus that it creates to terrorist network  financing, we introduced this bipartisan bill, a transnational  conservation initiative linking the natural habitat of the three  nations, Angola, Namibia, and Botswana, to ensure the survival of this  pristine ecosystem that is essential for the future of conservation,  species, as well as the communities and people who live there.   When we consider past conflicts that existed in parts of this region,  it is truly heartwarming to work with the leaders of these countries to  support their vision for the flourishing of animals and people, for the  sake of the environment, and for the sake of their economies.   This is imaginative foreign policy. It moves us from a singular,  traditional type of solution to addressing challenges in a  comprehensive, multinational, multisectoral strategy that mirrors the  complexity of nature itself, beyond human-defined borders. This bill is  a unique opportunity to help save and enhance one of the most beautiful  and delicate ecosystems in the entire world before other international  actors ruin it.   As a co-chair of the International Conservation Caucus with Chairman  Royce and with my good friends Congressman Cuellar from Texas and  Congresswoman McCollum from Minnesota, I am very grateful for their  hard work to help ensure the proper stewardship of natural resources in  our own great country, as well as around the world.   This bill offers the opportunity to continue to build authentic  relations with the countries of Angola, Botswana, and Namibia, as well  as local communities and the private sector, to develop effective  strategies to promote sustainable resource management, combat wildlife  trafficking, and stimulate economic regeneration in this part of the  world.   Mr. Speaker, again, I greatly appreciate Chairman Royce's  cosponsorship, active support, and leadership in moving the DELTA Act  through the committee, and I urge my colleagues to support this  innovative, imaginative, and important initiative.   