 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous materials on H.R. 6.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 6. This is the  Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and  Treatment for Patients and Communities Act, or the SUPPORT for Patients  and Communities Act.   I was proud to introduce this bill with my bipartisan colleagues:  Energy and Commerce Committee ranking member, my friend from New  Jersey, Mr. Pallone; Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady; and  Ways and Means Ranking Member Richard Neal.   These past 2 weeks, this House, the people's House, has dedicated  tremendous amounts of time and energy to send a simple message to  millions of Americans impacted by the opioid crisis. And that message  is: Help is on the way.   Not only are we passing legislation, dozens and dozens of bills that  will save lives, but also we want to leave no doubt in the minds of  those suffering from addiction that the United States House of  Representatives, Republicans and Democrats alike, stand with them  together.   For too long, embarrassment and stigma surrounded the disease of  addiction. It is time for that to change. If you are struggling with  addiction, if you are fighting that invisible battle, please know that  it is okay to seek help.   Opioid overdoses take the lives of more than 100 Americans each and  every day. In fact, Mr. Chairman, a thousand people in our country will  go to an emergency room in the next 24 hours, suffering an overdose  from opioids. We don't want those people to become part of that deadly  statistic.   You matter. You are worthwhile. And I pray that the various  legislation we vote on here today, and that we voted on throughout the  last 2 weeks, can help you begin your journey of recovery.   H.R. 6 includes several bills that went through regular order at the  Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means Committees, but the bill we will  vote on today also includes dozens of other pieces of legislation that  have recently passed the House, most unanimously or with very strong  bipartisan majorities.   You see, at a time when it seems we couldn't be more divided, it is  clear that striking back against addiction is something that transcends  politics and brings us together as a community, as a country, and as a  Congress.   Remember, this legislation is not the first action that this Congress  has taken to combat the opioid crisis, and I am sure it will not be the  last. I guarantee you that.   The Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures  Act, both of which were signed into law nearly 2 years ago, and an  additional $4 billion in resources for States and communities that was  provided in the omnibus appropriations bill just a few  [[Page H5512]]  months ago, indicate we have been at this for awhile, and we will be at  this for a while longer.   Taken together, this is one of the most significant congressional  efforts against a drug crisis in our Nation's history. But we must  continue to legislate, evaluate, conduct oversight, and work together  to provide new solutions, so that we can rise to this ever-challenging  situation.   Today, we have an opportunity to continue our work to combat this  crisis, an opportunity to save lives, and we cannot let it pass. The  legislation before us will help advance treatment and recovery  initiatives, improve prevention and educational efforts, protect our  communities, and bolster our efforts to fight deadly synthetic drugs  like fentanyl.   We owe it to the families we have heard from. We owe it to our  friends. Our communities need this and our country needs this to lift  our people out of addiction and, together, win this fight.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Act, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Guthrie), the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on  Health, a great leader on these issues and more.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from West  Virginia (Mr. McKinley), who has been a fierce fighter to resolve this  issue in his State and our country.    Mr. Chairman, we were glad to work with Mr. Peters on his  legislation to make it bipartisan and get it across the line.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Bilirakis).    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Ms. Clark and Mr. Mullin  for bringing that issue to our attention. We were proud to work with  them to get it in the bill.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr.  Bucshon), who is one of our doctors on the committee.    It is now my great honor, Mr. Chairman, to yield 1 minute  to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy), who is the majority  leader of the United States House of Representatives. He has been  extraordinarily helpful in our efforts to move this entire bipartisan  package forward to save lives and help people in addiction.    Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from California for  bringing this issue to our attention and helping us help these kids who  need this assistance.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr.  Ryan), the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague from  California for working with us. We were happy to include his bill in  this compilation of legislation.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Carter), our resident pharmacist in the United States Congress and on  the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Lance), who has been very, very involved in this effort.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Walberg), who has been very involved in this effort as  well.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Allen).    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle.  We have had individual Members come to the floor today from both  parties. Together, we have broken through what others might see as  dysfunction in Washington to achieve a comprehensive legislative  package that will provide treatment; save lives; stop illegal fentanyl  from coming into this country; and, in no small measure, move America  forward in a much better direction.   I want to share with you, Mr. Chair, a letter to the Speaker and to  Ms. Pelosi, urging us to support H.R. 6. It comes from not 1 or 2 but,  literally, 161 different groups that are very involved in the recovery  effort.   I want to share a couple of comments, Mr. Chairman: ``Substance use  disorder not only impacts the individual, but the family and community  as well. According to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services  Administration, approximately 9 million children across our Nation live  in a home with at least one parent who uses an illicit drug.   ``Tragically,'' they write, ``children in these homes are at an  increased risk for depression, suicide, poverty, delinquency, anxiety,  homelessness, and substance use disorder. In addition, while our Nation  has made significant strides in both our understanding and response to  the drug crisis, it is clear that too many communities across our  Nation still have fragmented prevention, treatment, and recovery  infrastructures.''    Introduced by myself, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Neal, and Mr. Brady, they  write: ``The SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act,'' this bill,  ``would strengthen key Federal low-income assistance and senior health  insurance programs to better respond to our Nation's drug crisis. In  addition to serving as the vehicle that will advance many other  significant proposals already considered in the House, this legislation  will give critical Federal safety net programs more tools to prevent  and help treat substance use disorder.''   They write: ``We applaud the champions of H.R. 6 for treating  addiction like the disease that it is and for their bold leadership, in  their respective committees and on the House floor, to advance so many  innovative, bipartisan proposals that will have an immediate and  positive impact to address addiction. We respectfully urge the full  House to immediately consider and pass H.R. 6, which represents a  significant step toward building the comprehensive response needed in  our Nation so that fewer lives are lost to substance use disorder.''   Mr. Chair, this comes from the people who live this every day, who  help our neighbors, our friends, our families, and our American  citizens get the help they need to beat the disease of addiction and to  reclaim their lives, their families, and their future.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support passage of H.R. 6, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate all the work that has been  done on this bill up to this point, the great bipartisan work, the  biggest effort, I think, Congress has ever undertaken to address this  terrible, terrible addiction problem of opioids and everything related  to it.   This amendment before us is a bipartisan manager's amendment. It is  filed by chairmen and ranking members of the Committees on Energy and  Commerce and Ways and Means. This amendment makes simple technical  corrections and conforming changes to the underlying H.R. 6 bill that  the leaders of our two committees introduced last week.   As has been noted, the policies in H.R. 6 were moved through regular  order in our two committees. I appreciate the bipartisan cooperation  and teamwork of my colleagues and our terrific staffs who have joined  me in introducing H.R. 6.   Mr. Chair, I encourage support of the amendment, and I urge adoption  of the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I certainly appreciate Dr. Dunn and the good  work that he has done on many of these issues, and I also appreciate  his willingness to withdraw his amendment.  [[Page H5562]]    As a result of our committee process and various member conversations  we have had, we have reached bipartisan compromise on the underlying  bill on the issue of concern to Mr. Dunn.   I understand that thoughtful Members can find themselves on different  sides of an issue at different times, and I certainly respect the  gentleman's position. That being said, we believe our underlying policy  represents a fair middle ground, and it ensures rigorous analysis on  the issue going forward.   Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman from Florida withdrawing the  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Tonko).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    I claim time in opposition, Mr. Chairman, although I am  not opposed to the amendment, and I will yield to my friend from New  Jersey in a second, but I do ask unanimous consent to claim the time in  opposition.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this amendment, and I  want to thank Representatives Barton and Meadows and Kuster. They have  really worked hard on this and it is a good amendment.   There is wide variation in the way acute, short-duration pain is  treated with opioids, and there are concerns that patients may be over-  or underprescribed opioid analgesics to treat that pain.   This amendment would direct the FDA Commissioner to develop high- quality, evidence-based opioid prescribing guidelines for the treatment  of acute pain. By arming physicians with this type of information, we  can give them more of the tools they need to treat patients' pain  without overprescribing addictive medications.   The intent behind this policy is that evidence-based guidelines would  add to the universe of available data in a way that would empower  providers, patients, caregivers and others to make determinations about  treatment in a more informed manner.   I understand that some stakeholders have raised some concerns about  limitations on how these evidence-based guidelines can be used; so as  we continue to work on these policies with our counterparts in the  Senate, we are committed to working to ensure that the language  accomplishes what the sponsors intend without having any unintended  consequences.   I encourage my colleagues to support adoption of the amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pallone)  such time as he may consume.    Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers on this matter.  Again, I thank my friend, the former chairman of the full committee,  Mr. Barton, for his good leadership on this effort, along with other  Members on both sides of the aisle.   I encourage our colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, although I am not opposed to the amendment, I  ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak in support of the amendment  and to thank my friend from Utah, Mr. Curtis, for his hard work on this  very thoughtful piece of legislation.   It is important that women who take opioid pain medications are aware  of the possible risks during pregnancy. You heard him delineate those  tragic, tragic risks, such as premature birth and neonatal abstinence  syndrome, or NAS.   While there is increasing awareness and use of nonopioid approaches  in the management of pain over all, information about their use in  pregnant patients and unique considerations of mother and child are  simply lacking.   So this amendment requires the Department of Health and Human  Services to report on the opioid prescribing practices and opioid  misuse during pregnancy, and evaluate nonopioid alternatives to pain  management during pregnancy.  [[Page H5565]]    This will complement the efforts of the Protecting Our Infants Act,  which required a report on prenatal opioid exposure and NAS, presenting  a strategy and clinical recommendations for preventing and treating  infants withdrawal.   I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), a very important Member not only of the U.S.  House of Representatives as our whip, but a very influential and  effective member on our Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I urge passage, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, although I am not opposed to the amendment,  I ask unanimous consent to claim time in opposition.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak in support of the amendment  that requires the Department of Health and Human Services to issue  guidelines for prescribing an opioid overdose reversal drug.   The guidelines would cover dosage safety, standing orders and other  education, and distribution measures.   In April, the Surgeon General issued an advisory calling for more  people to carry naloxone.   Expanding the use of this lifesaving drug is a key part of the public  health response to the opioid crisis, along with effective prevention,  treatment, and recovery programs for substance use disorder.   I can just tell you, Mr. Chairman, from my own district, I have had  multiple roundtables in every corner of the district. I have, of  course, met with families that have been affected. I have met with  addiction treatment specialists. I have met with medical providers. But  I have also met with law enforcement.   In Oregon, we lead in a lot of this recovery effort, but also in  making sure naloxone is available. This is the antidote.   Mr. Chair, these fentanyls that are coming into our country  illegally, if I had a little salt shaker here and put out, I don't  know, a half a dozen, a dozen grains of salt, and you put your hand on  it, you would likely absorb that through your skin and pass out. And  if somebody in this Chamber didn't have naloxone, or the medical people  who are nearby didn't get to you in time, you would be one of those 115  people who will die in the next 24 hours, or one of the thousand that  will show up in our emergency rooms.    So moving forward with guidelines for prescribing an opioid overdose  reversal drug really makes sense. Moving forward with naloxone really  makes sense.   We will save lives with this amendment, and I commend my colleagues  from Massachusetts and Pennsylvania for their good work on this. We are  happy to accept it as part of H.R. 6, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Chairman, because the gentleman raised the issue of  these synthetics on other--we have talked a lot about fentanyl being  cut into heroin over the course of this debate over 2 weeks.   We haven't talked as much about these synthetics being sprayed on  marijuana or other things that you go: Oh, that is natural, mom. I can  smoke that.   And what these evil people are doing is taking these deadly  synthetics and literally creating a liquid or a spray and then spraying  it.   And I talked to a father the other day whose daughter died of a  heroin overdose, but when they did the autopsy, they discovered it was  100 percent fentanyl. So I thank the gentleman for his good work on  this amendment.    Mr. Chairman, although I am not opposed to the amendment,  I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in support of this amendment  and to thank my friend, Ms. Waters, for her work on this initiative.   Before I go through that, I just want to say we are more than happy  to team up with the gentlewoman on this issue of crack cocaine and its  effects, and I am sure that Mr. Scalise, although I can't officially  speak for him, I am sure that he would work in partnership with the  gentlewoman.   The gentlewoman has raised an issue that we have dealt with in other  parts of this legislation but not in the part that the gentlewoman has  brought to us. There will be more going forward, I assure you, and we  would be happy to work with the gentlewoman on that.   Mr. Rush brought an amendment on the IMD issue to make sure that  those suffering from cocaine and crack cocaine addiction also could get  treatment under expansion in the IMD, so we would be happy to work with  the gentlewoman on that.   This amendment directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to  conduct a survey of organizations that provide substance abuse  treatment services and then develop a plan to direct resources to  address any identified gaps in services for specific types of substance  use disorders. This information will help us better understand how our  Federal dollars are invested in interdiction treatment at the local  level and what more can be done with Federal resources to yield even  better returns in reducing drug-related crimes, accidents, overdoses,  and deaths.   So I certainly appreciate the gentlewoman's work on this effort. It  is important work that will help save lives and bring about the kind of  treatment we need in our communities.   I encourage adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  motion.    Mr. Speaker, like a lot of our work here that has been  bipartisan, we would hope, going forward, this, too, could become  bipartisan, because we believe that getting prescription drug prices  down is essential. The Trump administration believes that as well and  is doing some things administratively. We are going to be working on  this in the committee.   We also agree that this unmet workforce need is important as well.  Over the course of five hearings, a full markup in subcommittee, two  full markups in the full committee, this issue was never fully brought  and vetted. There is more work to be done here, and we are committed to  doing work on both the CREATES Act and on the Opioid Workforce Act.   As the gentleman from New York, my friend, knows, we have worked out  our differences on many, many issues on this and other topics, and we  intend to move forward. It is just that the agreement we have today,  Mr. Speaker, is about all of us coming together with bills that were  ready for prime time that would not somehow cause problems with the  underlying document.   This proposal, while well-intended and, frankly, on the big scope of  things makes a lot of sense, it is just not ready and agreed to yet.  The gentleman knows that. We know that. We appreciate his passion on  this issue. We share it. But I have to reluctantly oppose the motion to  recommit because we have agreement that only issues we all agree on are  going into this bill--that is, Republicans and Democrats at the top of  both committees.   So I take the signal that he remains committed to this effort to fill  the gap. We will work with him and others going forward because we have  a lot more work to do, Mr. Speaker. This one is just not ready for  prime time.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to the motion to recommit, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   