 Mr. Speaker, I want to agree with my friend that all  the success that he has is because of Parker. I say that kind of  jokingly but seriously as well.   I am pleased to be here to take a moment to recognize Parker Poling,  the chief of staff to my dear friend Patrick McHenry. Patrick is the  deputy whip.   Many of you know, being a part of Congress, you have to make tough  decisions; you have to get the votes to pass any bills; and you have to  make things happen. Really, the staff that is around you says a lot  about you.   I could think of no finer staff member in all this service than  Parker. What I admire most about Parker: There were times when Patrick  and Steve and I would be together, and we would come up with a really  good idea. We thought it was brilliant. We would go back to our  offices, and soon I would get a text or a call from Patrick, who would  say: That is a dumb idea.   I would say: Why do you think it is a dumb idea?   Because Parker told me so.   But that was what Parker would do. She understood the Members. She  understood the policy. But she understood, really, what we had to have  happen.   History is going to be very kind to this Congress, what we have been  able to achieve: the lowest unemployment in more than 50 years; being  able to pass the tax bill when people on the other side, even though  they had come to us personally and said they wanted to vote for it, but  the leadership would not let them, so that meant it was resting on one  side.   The person who put the work together, the majority of that, was  Parker. Yes, she would explain the bill, but she was tough at the same  time. There were many times she told me no, and I understood why.   But there is more to Parker than just all that knowledge in legal.    One of the reasons why I am not sad is because she is not going far.  She has a new job, and I want her to be as successful in the new job as  she was in this job.   But Parker is more than just a great mind. She is also a wife to Todd  and a mother to Barrett and Eliza. I think they are with us today, are  they not? We thank them for sharing their wife and mother with us. It  has meant a great deal. From a very grateful Nation, we want to say  thank you.   To Parker, we want to wish her well in her new work. We want her to  be successful, because her success means our success. If I go on her  past behavior, I am looking forward to a very bright future.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here tonight with my colleagues from  California and recognize our friends who this Congress for some may be  their last, others may be coming back.   I recognize Congressman Jeff Denham, Congressman Darrell Issa,  Congressman Steve Knight, Congressman Dana Rohrabacher, Congressman Ed  Royce, Congressman  David Valadao, and Congresswoman Mimi Walters.   What makes this delegation unique is our bond with each other. In a  State with 53 members, a class of 14 gets pretty tight pretty quick.  But it isn't simply a matter of proximity that strengthens our ties.  You see, it is our bond and belief in our Nation to be a more perfect  union, to strive to continue to improve.   Being from California does not mean it is easy to get to Washington.  But I will tell you every single week I would see the same faces  getting on that plane going home because they understood who they  represented. They understood who they had to listen to.  [[Page H10160]]  They also understood who they fought for. But they would get on that  plane again and fly back the 8 or 9 hours to be the voice of those that  they listen to. It is amazing--the accomplishments.   You know, for people who walk around this building, at times they  will see these paintings of members of the past, and, I will admit,  portraits last a long time, but a legacy of change lasts much longer.  It is like compound interest or a snowball rolling down a hill. When I  think about the legacy of change of my colleagues, it is tremendous.   When I think about from Transportation and Infrastructure to  Veterans' Affairs, what a better way of life they have today because  Jeff Denham served in this body.   I think of Oversight and Government Reform, the battles and the  fearlessness of Darrell Issa.   When I think of the new programs for veterans getting service after  hours, it wasn't because a bill passed. It was because a man fought,  Steve Knight, because he was a veteran and the work that he has done  that will continue to live.   Or the decades that Dana has served, from every aspect in Science,  Space, and Technology to beyond, that his voice transferred and made a  difference.   Ed Royce, when it comes to foreign policy and what has been  accomplished in this Congress, his name was on the title of many of  those bills, even when he allowed someone else to run it.   And when I look to California, and the statement out there is:  ``Whiskey's for drinking. Water's for fightin'', it is one of the most  difficult issues. This entire body got together strong to make a  difference that hadn't been done in a quarter century. And the person  really behind it was  David Valadao. He is kind of that quiet leader  that made a major difference, that he would continue to make things  happen.   And it is a unique--but everybody serves a little different. My  friend, Jeff Denham, has a voice as strong as his passion, that he can  be heard without a mic because of what he wanted to fight for.   But when I look to someone who I consider like my sister, Mimi  Walters, she was the one female in our group, but I think we would all  admit, she was tougher than any one of us. To serve on Energy and  Commerce, when you think of California, and the forefront of the world  of the technology of what we have in our State, it continues to lead  because of Mimi's voice.   But they all had something very unique, and we have been friends for  a long time. They put this country first, and they were willing to  sacrifice. Some of us know more of the sacrifice they made than others.   But I want to say: Thank you. I want to say: Thank you for your  service. But I also want to say: Thank you for the fight. You were  willing to go beyond. Yes, your family missed you some days, but you  were doing it for a bigger cause. You were putting people before  yourself.   I know history is going be kind. But history is going to be kind  because the Nation is better off that you were willing to take that  risk. And I want to thank you for your friendship   One thing about family, you might not be here every day, but we will  always be together and friends. From a very sincere heart, thank you.   