 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman Brady for his  leadership on this.   I have done a lot of work over the past several months, as I know we  all have, of listening to my constituents in suburban Chicago, and here  is what I have heard: They want us to take a multifaceted approach.   One of the things that I am doing this morning is highlighting a  portion of this bill that Mr. Brady mentioned in his opening statement,  and that is a lock-in phenomenon.   Here is the story: The power of this molecule, when it gets into our  bodies, is breathtaking and is sobering. Here is one statistic that  should make us shudder: One-third of part D Medicare beneficiaries were  prescribed an opioid in 2016--one-third of Medicare part D  beneficiaries were prescribed an opioid in 2016. There is nothing good  that is going on with that.   So here is what we are trying to do: We are saying that we need to  resist pharmacy shopping. We need to resist doctor shopping. And we  need to make sure that people can be identified who have a  predisposition towards this addiction.   So what this bill does--what part of this bill does--is it says:  Medicare part D programs don't just have the option of requiring a  lock-in program, we are now locking in on lock-in. We are saying: You  have got to do this.   Unambiguously, it is a mandate, it is a good mandate, and it is  something that has been a long time coming. TRICARE uses this, and a  number of other distribution systems use it, but the time is ripe and  we have absolutely got to get this done. It is part of a holistic  approach that I think is really welcome.    Mr. Chairman, I congratulate and thank Mr. Levin, the ranking member;  Mr. Bilirakis; and Mr. Lujan, also who similarly worked on this  legislation. I am confident that in 10 years' time, our country, based  on the work that this House is doing now, is going to reflect back, and  it is going to say: America responded. We did it on a bipartisan basis.  And we are going to be having a better and different conversation.   