 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 767, the SOAR to Health and  Wellness Act of 2018. This bill expands the Stop, Observe, Ask, and  Respond--or SOAR--training program, which provides healthcare  professionals with training on how to identify and appropriately treat  victims of human trafficking.   Nearly 21 million people worldwide are victims of human trafficking,  forced labor, or sexual exploitation. At some point, many of these  unidentified victims will come into contact with healthcare  professionals during their captivity. A doctor's visit or emergency  department trip can offer a critical point of intervention for victims  and a brief chance when a victim may be able to detach from  traffickers.   This bill will provide the necessary resources for the healthcare  professionals to spot victims and provide trauma-informed, culturally  appropriate care once identified. Helping healthcare professionals  better recognize the signs of trafficking and improve their ability to  intervene can truly be the difference between life and death.   I thank the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Cohen) for sponsoring this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Tennessee (Mr. Cohen).    Mr. Speaker, I know how important  trafficking is for the Chair in his history, and I think the Speaker of  the House has an interest in this bill, too.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 880, the Military  Injury Surgical Systems Integrated Operationally Nationwide to Achieve  ZERO Preventable Deaths Act, or MISSION ZERO Act.   I am proud to have worked closely with Energy and Commerce  Subcommittee on Health Chairman Burgess and my colleagues from Florida  and North Carolina, Representative Castor and Representative Hudson, on  this legislation.   The MISSION ZERO Act will help us move towards a trauma system that  achieves the goal of zero preventable traumatic deaths.   Whether in response to a gruesome sports injury, a car accident on  the highway, or, unfortunately, a tragic event like the recent school  shooting in Parkland, Florida, Americans of all ages and backgrounds  depend on our trauma care system to respond with skilled experts to  provide the services necessary to save lives and prevent disability.   The MISSION ZERO Act will help us ensure access to quality trauma  care based on the best available evidence by establishing a grant  program to assist civilian trauma centers to partner with military  trauma professionals. This partnership will benefit our civilian trauma  centers by increasing the availability of trauma professionals to serve  in trauma centers across the United States.   This partnership will benefit our military trauma system by allowing  trauma professionals to maintain their trauma care capabilities during  times of peace and help ensure they are prepared to meet the needs of  our heroes on the battlefield.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and help ensure that  Americans in need of trauma services, whether civilian or in the Armed  Forces, receive the highest quality of care possible.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Ms. Castor), the cosponsor of the bill, and I thank the  cosponsors of this bill for serving on the Energy and Commerce  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1222, the Congenital Heart  Futures Reauthorization Act, led by Congressman Bilirakis and  Congressman Schiff from California.   This legislation reauthorizes the Congenital Heart Futures Act, which  was enacted in 2010, as part of the Affordable Care Act.   The Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act builds on the  success of current efforts by the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention to improve and expand research, monitoring, and public  outreach and educational programs relating to congenital heart disease.   This bill requires the National Institutes of Health to issue a  report outlining current and future research plans with respect to  congenital heart disease.   Each year, more than 40,000 babies are born in the United States with  a congenital heart defect. One million children and 1.4 million adults  are currently living with congenital heart disorders. Individuals  living with a congenital heart disease often require specialized care  and remain at risk of disability or premature death throughout their  life.   More research and surveillance is needed to improve our knowledge of  why congenital heart defects develop and how they can be effectively  treated. This legislation will help expand our understanding of  congenital heart disease across the lifespan and has the potential to  improve the lives of the millions of children and adults living with  congenital heart disease in America.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers.   I want to thank, also, the cosponsors of the bill, both Congressman  Schiff and a member of our committee, Congressman Bilirakis, for  introducing this reauthorization bill, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2410, the Sickle Cell Disease  Research, Surveillance, Prevention, and Treatment Act, introduced by  the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis) and Energy and  Commerce Health Subcommittee Chairman Burgess.   Sickle cell disease is a group of inherited red blood cell disorders  where red blood cells become hard and sticky and have a C shape. When  these sickle cells travel through the blood vessels, they can get stuck  and clog the blood flow. When this occurs, it often causes extreme pain  and other serious health problems, including infections, lung-related  complications, and stroke.   100,000 Americans are living with sickle cell disease today. These  individuals need comprehensive treatment throughout their lives in  order to manage their symptoms and prevent their disease from  worsening, which requires a robust network of providers available to  treat sickle cell patients at every stage of life.   H.R. 2410 would reauthorize the Sickle Cell Disease Treatment  Demonstration Program, allowing the Department of Health and Human  Services to invest critical resources in research, surveillance, and  public health initiatives for sickle cell disease. These investments  will help bolster the sickle cell workforce and improve treatments for  sickle cell patients of all ages.   I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis), the sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Butterfield), our colleague on the  committee whom I call ``Judge,'' just like I do you, because you are  both former district judges.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2422, the Action for Dental  Health Act, sponsored by my colleague, Congresswoman Robin Kelly from  Illinois.   For millions of Americans, affordable dental care is hard to find and  desperately needed. According to the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention, nearly half of all individuals in our country over the age  of 30 suffer from some form of gum disease. One in four children under  the age of 5 already have cavities.   The lack of basic oral health services in some communities today  leads many Americans to delay treatment to the point the pain is so  severe that they rush to the emergency room, where they receive  expensive treatment for common dental issues.   Dental care is necessary for more than cosmetic reasons. Good oral  health is vital to a person's overall health. Bad oral health can be a  sign of larger health issues.   Increasing access to affordable dental care would lower the number of  emergency department visits for preventable oral health conditions and  reduce the risk of chronic disease.   The Action for Dental Health Act will make grants available through  the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the Health  Resources and Services Administration, for programs to improve oral  health for underserved populations.   This legislation will make it possible for groups, such as State  health departments and nonprofit dental societies, to receive funding  for critical oral health services. These services may include providing  dental services to nursing home residents, operating a mobile dental  clinic, or implementing an emergency room program so patients can  receive dental care in the dentist's chair instead of the ER.   I thank the bill's sponsors for their bipartisan work on this  important legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the Action  for Dental Health Act.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from Illinois (Ms. Kelly), the sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 443, Recognizing the  Importance and Effectiveness of Trauma-Informed Care, sponsored by  Congressman Gallagher from Wisconsin and Congressman Davis from  Illinois.   This resolution recognizes the important role that trauma plays in  health and life situations and the importance of deploying trauma- informed protocols to respond to traumatic experiences.   Research shows that traumatic experiences are associated with  behavioral health and chronic physical health conditions, such as  substance use disorders, mental health conditions, and heart disease.   Traumatic experiences, such as physical or sexual abuse, neglect,  bullying, community-based violence, and natural disasters give rise to  these negative health consequences.   Because of the harmful consequences of trauma, it is important for  our health system to deploy trauma-informed protocols.   The resolution recognizes the importance of Federal agencies  deploying trauma-informed care to ensure that local care providers are  appropriately engaging individuals with histories of trauma, and  implementing strategies to intervene on the negative consequences of  traumatic experiences.   I urge my colleagues to join me and support this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Danny K. Davis), the  cosponsor of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   