 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to use an oversized visual poster to be displayed during my  remarks.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Wyden be added as a cosponsor to my resolution, S.J. Res. 54.    Mr. President, along with Senator Murphy and Senator  Lee, I rise to talk about one of the most important jobs the U.S.  Congress has, and that is to fulfill its constitutional responsibility  about whether the United States of America engages in military action.   We can disagree about the merits of this or that military action, but  there should be absolutely no confusion that sending men and women of  the U.S. military into conflict is the responsibility not of the  President of the United States alone but of the U.S. Congress.   Let us be very clear--and I say this especially to my conservative  friends who talk about the Constitution all the time. Let me remind  them as to what article I, section 8 of the Constitution reads in no  uncertain terms: ``The Congress shall have Power . . . to declare  War.'' The Founding Fathers gave the power to declare war to Congress-- the branch most accountable to the people. For far too long, Congress,  under both Democratic and Republican administrations, has, in my view,  abdicated its constitutional role in authorizing war. We are moving  down a very slippery slope by which Congress is now becoming  increasingly irrelevant in terms of that vitally important issue.   In my view, the time is long overdue for Congress to reassert its  constitutional authority. That is what Senator Lee, Senator Murphy, and  I are doing with S.J. Res. 54. I am proud to have as cosponsors on that  resolution Senator Durbin, Senator Booker, Senator Warren, Senator  Leahy, Senator Markey, Senator Feinstein, and Senator Wyden.   Many Americans are unaware that the people of Yemen--one of the  poorest countries in the world--are suffering terribly today in a  devastating  [[Page S1663]]  civil war with Saudi Arabia and their allies on one side and Houthi  rebels on the other. In November of last year, the United Nations  Emergency Relief Coordinator said that Yemen was on the brink of the  ``largest famine the world has seen for many decades.''   So far, thousands of civilians have died. The last count that I have  seen is about 10,000. Over 40,000 have been wounded in the war. There  are 15 million people who lack access to clean water and sanitation in  an infrastructure which has been devastated. More than 20 million  people in Yemen--over two-thirds of the population--need some kind of  humanitarian support, with nearly 10 million people in acute need of  assistance. This is a humanitarian disaster.   This very sad picture of a young child who faces starvation is what  is taking place throughout this country. Sadly, this is not the only  child in that position. Famine is a serious and growing problem in  Yemen. Further, more than 1 million suspected cholera cases have been  reported, potentially representing the worst cholera outbreak in world  history. The pictures I have here today have been taken by  photojournalists in Yemen, and they can attest to this human disaster.   One of the problems we have is, unfortunately, foreign policy is not  an issue we talk about enough on the floor, and it is certainly not  talked about enough in the media. Many Americans today are not aware  that American forces have been actively engaged in the support of the  Saudi coalition in this war--in its providing intelligence and the  aerial refueling of planes whose bombs have killed thousands of people  and made this crisis far worse.   My colleagues and I, along with all of our cosponsors, believe that  as Congress has not declared war or authorized military force in this  conflict, the U.S. involvement in Yemen is unconstitutional and  unauthorized and the U.S. military support of the Saudi coalition must  end. Without congressional authorization, our engagement in this war  should be restricted to providing desperately needed humanitarian aid  and diplomatic efforts to resolve this terrible civil war. That is why  Senator Lee and Senator Murphy and I have introduced this joint  resolution pursuant to the 1973 War Powers Resolution, which calls for  an end to U.S. support for the Saudi war in Yemen.   The War Powers Resolution defines the introduction of U.S. Armed  Forces to include the ``assignment of members of such Armed Forces to  command, coordinate, participate in the movement of, or accompany the  regular or irregular military forces of any foreign country or  government when such military forces are engaged, or there exists an  imminent threat that such forces will become engaged, in hostilities.''  Assisting with targeting intelligence and refueling warplanes as they  bomb those targets clearly meet this definition.   Here is the bottom line: If the U.S. Congress wants to go to war in  Yemen, vote on that war, but I and the cosponsors of this legislation  do not believe that the authority to go to war is now appropriate. We  think what is going on now is unconstitutional, and unless Congress  authorizes this war, it should be ended and ended immediately.   I look forward to a colloquy with Senator Lee and with Senator  Murphy. I now yield to Senator Lee, who has been very active on this  issue from day one. I thank the Senator.    Before I answer that very important question, I thank  Senator Lee for his remarks. He is right on virtually everything he has  said.   I want to bring Senator Murphy into this colloquy. Senator Murphy has  been ahead of his time in focusing attention on what is going on in  Yemen. He is one of the original sponsors of this legislation.   If Senator Murphy would express his thoughts on this issue.    Well, let me thank Senator Murphy for his comments and  Senator Lee before him. I think they touch on the most important  issues. I wish to respond to what Senator Lee and Senator Murphy both  said, but I wish to make a point that needs to be made again and again.   This is not a partisan issue. We are talking about Democratic  administrations acting militarily without congressional authorization.  We are talking about Republican administrations doing the same. Senator  Lee is a conservative Republican. Senator Murphy is a Democrat. I am an  Independent who caucuses with the Democrats. So if you are talking  about bipartisanship, you are looking at it right here.   I should tell you that there are many organizations around the  country--conservative and progressive--that are raising exactly the  same issue that we are raising right here, and that is that Congress  has to reassert its congressional authority over the issues of war.   If you want to go to war and you think the war in Yemen makes sense,  that is fine. Come down here on the floor and tell us why you feel that  way. Tell the American people and tell your constituents why you think  it is a good idea to work with Saudi Arabia to wreak utter horror on  one of the poorest countries in the world. Fine, come on down here and  tell us. What we have to do, from a precedent point of view, is finally  to say to our Republican President or a Democratic President: Enough is  enough. Listen to the Constitution.   The Founding Fathers of this country were amazingly smart on this  issue, and they understood that before we send our young men--and now  women--off to war to die or to get maimed, there better well be a very  good reason that we have to explain to the people who elected us--not  just somebody sitting up there in the Oval Office. That is why the  authority for going to war is vested in the representatives of the  people, whether we are elected for 2 years or elected for 6 years.   I would also point out that this is not the first time that the  Congress has weighed in on the devastating war in Yemen. In November of  last year, the House of Representatives--and I hope my Senate  colleagues know this--voted by a vote of 366 to 30. That was not even  close. There was overwhelming support among Democrats and Republicans.  They passed a nonbinding resolution stating that the United States'  involvement in the Yemen civil war is unauthorized. The Democratic  leadership supported it, as did the Republican chairman of the Foreign  Affairs Committee, Ed Royce.   Here is the bottom line. The bottom line is that Congress has ducked  its responsibilities for many years, and if we continue to duck our  responsibility on the all-important issue of U.S. military  intervention, this Congress and, in fact, the people of the United  States become increasingly irrelevant on this most important matter.   We are bringing forward a privileged motion. There will be a vote on  this issue in one form or another. If you like the war in Yemen, then  be prepared to defend why you think it is a great idea to work with the  Saudis to destroy the infrastructure and to create a situation where  famine and cholera are rampant in that incredibly poor country. Come on  down and tell us why you think it is a good idea. If not, I hope you  will vote with us to end this war and to allow the United States to get  involved in bringing the warring parties together to see if we can  bring peace and to see if we can bring humanitarian relief to these  terribly suffering people.   I yield to Senator Lee.    Mr. President, I say to Senator Lee that I think that is  an excellent question. That was just the question that I was going to  ask of Senator Murphy, because I think we understand that in recent  history, when there is chaos and confusion in a country, it provides an  extraordinary opportunity for al-Qaida and their allies to move in.   We have spent billions and billions of dollars fighting al-Qaida and  their affiliates, and I fear very much, as you have indicated, that the  situation we are creating in Yemen in many ways is making life easier  for them.   I would ask this of Senator Murphy--and maybe listeners might be  surprised by this: What side of this battle is al-Qaida on in Yemen  right now?    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Illinois very  much for his perceptive remarks and for reminding us that the time is  long overdue for the U.S. Congress to accept its constitutional  responsibilities.   I wanted to ask Senator Lee if he--we are running out of time here-- has some closing remarks.    Mr. President, let me conclude by thanking Senator Lee,  Senator Murphy, Senator Durbin this afternoon, thanking Senator Booker,  Senator Warren, Senator Leahy, Senator Markey, Senator Feinstein, and  Senator Wyden for their cosponsorship of S.J. Res. 54.   Let me summarize it very briefly in this way: Congress cannot  continue to abdicate its responsibility on the all-important issue of  how and when the United States becomes involved in military  intervention. We cannot continue to run away from that issue.   If you think the war in Yemen and siding with the Saudis on this war  makes sense, then come down to the floor of the Senate, make your  position clear, tell your constituents what you believe, and then vote  for the war but have the courage, at least, to accept your  responsibility as a Member of the U.S. Congress and not abdicate it to  the President.   I yield the floor.   