 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment  [[Page H4717]]  No. 168 to the 2019 National Defense Authorization Act.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I want to thank, first of all, Chairman Thornberry for  working with me on this amendment to provide a clear legislative  direction for the GSA's new e-commerce portal provider system for  commercial off-the-shelf sales.   My amendment would strengthen supplier data protection requirements  and express the sense of Congress that implementation of this program  will be done in a manner that enhances competition.   I fully support the committee's efforts to reform the procurement  process to increase efficiency and reduce waste for the Federal  Government, and most importantly, the taxpayers.   However, there are still some unanswered questions regarding the  implementation of the program.   Moving forward, I believe that there is still important work to be  done to ensure that the portal results in robust competition from a  broad range of suppliers, which is vital to achieving the efficiencies  and cost savings that the committee is seeking.   The American people have told us over and over again that they do not  want the Federal Government picking winners and losers, and I fully  agree. We do an amazing job around here sometimes of creating very  large monolithic monopolies as unintended consequences.   Mr. Chairman, I want to make sure that we don't do that with this  important reform.   While my amendment takes steps to improve data safeguards, I remain  concerned about the anticompetitive efforts of concerns from suppliers,  both large and small, regarding the baseline data access between  competitors.   Whether a small business or a multinational corporation, private  companies are fiercely and understandably protective of their  proprietary data.   Competition requires willing competitors, and competitors expect a  level playing field, a playing field on which the referee is not also a  player on the other team.   Promoting competition in this program requires that we continue to  listen to and, more importantly, address the concerns of potential  suppliers.   My amendment is a step in the right direction, but there is more work  to do, and I look forward to continuing to work with the chairman in  good faith to improve this system to make sure that it is achieving the  results that we truly know that it can.   Mr. Chairman, today, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of  amendment No. 168, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   