 Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to say a few words  about a colleague, a friend, a mentor, and a man whom I admire very,  very much and for whom I have so much respect, my colleague Senator  Hatch.   In Pennsylvania, as in many States, along the sides of the roads in  various towns, you often see these commemorating plaques of  historically significant places. In Pennsylvania, there are these that  are of beautiful cast aluminum. They are painted blue, and there is  gold lettering. They tell you something unique about little boroughs,  towns, villages, or sometimes sights in big cities all across the  Commonwealth.   There is such a commemoration at the house at which Betsy Ross made  the first American flag. There is a marker that signifies the spot at  which President Lincoln gave the Gettysburg Address. There is the site  of the first World Series in Pittsburgh, PA.   Now, I am not a member of the commission that makes the decision  about these things, but if I were, I think you could make a great case  for a current and unique Pennsylvania success story. Many of my  colleagues already know that Chairman Hatch is actually a son of  Pennsylvania. He began with very humble roots in the great city of  Pittsburgh, PA, where he attended McGibney Elementary School and grew  up in a hardscrabble neighborhood.   He developed an amazing tenacity, which we have all seen and come to  know, that has stayed with him to this day. As a matter of fact, my  understanding is that the tenacity started at an early age. I  understand there was a season during which a young Orrin Hatch, on the  Baldwin High basketball team, managed to foul out 15 times in 1 season.  A pretty tough and tenacious guy on the basketball court he was. Yet he  was not just a good athlete.   The city of Pittsburgh helped to nurture in Orrin Hatch his love for  music. He was a regular attendee at, among other things, the Pittsburgh  Symphony Orchestra at the old Syria Mosque in Oakland, which I like to  think contributed a little bit to his lifelong love of music.   He was a hard-working guy from the beginning. In high school, Orrin  Hatch worked his summers as a wood lather, and he was a card-carrying  member of the AFL-CIO. The modest income he earned from that job helped  to put him through school.   Yet, if you had to pick one place to put the marker that would be  calling attention to this wonderful son of Pennsylvania, it might  actually be a chicken coop in the Pittsburgh area because, while he was  struggling to make ends meet right after college, Orrin Hatch renovated  the chicken coop in his parents' backyard, and he turned it into a  little two-room cottage. That is where he lived with his young family.  That is where they scraped by while he was attending the University of  Pittsburgh School of Law on a scholarship.   The future Chairman Hatch graduated from that law school. He  practiced law in Pittsburgh for 7 years and  [[Page S7115]]  was recognized as a formidable attorney in Pittsburgh, in Western  Pennsylvania, before leaving for Utah, where he would ultimately launch  what then looked to be improbable but would turn into being this  enormously successful career in government.   Of course, the challenge, if you were going to put one of these  markers up is this: What would you say? There is just so much to say  about Chairman Hatch. It is hard to encapsulate his success in this  body, certainly on a marker or even in a speech, but let me try to  touch on a few of the high points.   It is amazing how long he has been so accomplished in this great  body. Before I had even graduated from college, Senator Hatch had  already worked to successfully pass one of the initiatives for which he  has become well-known.   In medicine, as the Presiding Officer knows, we have a term called  orphan conditions. This really refers to very rare diseases, diseases  that afflict fewer than 200,000 Americans. While they are narrow in the  scope of any particular disease, cumulatively, they do affect quite a  significant number of Americans. They are conditions like cystic  fibrosis, multiple myeloma, and ALS. Because any one of these orphan  conditions affects relatively few people, the economics of developing a  treatment for one really didn't work. From 1973 to 1983, the FDA  actually only approved 10 orphan therapies over 10 years for all of the  hundreds and hundreds of orphan diseases that had afflicted millions of  people cumulatively.   Senator Hatch recognized this problem. As chairman of the Committee  on Labor and Human Resources, which was the predecessor to the HELP  Committee, Senator Hatch worked across the Chambers and across the  aisle with Representative Henry Waxman. In 1983, they passed the Orphan  Drug Act, which increased the incentives for developing drugs for these  rare but, really, problematic conditions.   Since that time, there have literally been hundreds and hundreds of  orphan products that have been approved and have come on the market.  While that law has been updated over the years to reflect the changing  technology and changing dynamics in medicine, the fact is the Orphan  Drug Act that Senator Hatch authored as a relatively new Senator has  undoubtedly made a profound difference in saving lives and in improving  the quality of life for millions of Americans who previously had little  or no hope. It was a very, very big deal.   The very next year, Chairman Hatch achieved the passage of another  really monumental law in the healthcare space. It is officially called  the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act, but  everybody around here simply refers to it as Hatch-Waxman. This is the  legislation that really laid the foundation for the generic drug  industry that we see today.   Really, when you think about it, this has been an astonishing-- really, revolutionary--innovation that has been enormously helpful for  American consumers. If you go back to 1984, only about 19 percent of  all of the drugs that were dispensed in America were generic, and over  80 percent were branded drugs. That is important because branded drugs  are vastly more expensive than generic drugs. By 2017, largely as a  result of the legislation that Senator Hatch authored, that dynamic had  completely flipped. In fact, it had more than flipped. By 2017, branded  drugs are less than 15 percent of all of the drugs dispensed, and  generic drugs, the low-cost alternative, are over 85 percent of all the  drugs dispensed in America. This one change alone results in saving  American families billions of dollars a year on their healthcare costs.    The list of Senator Hatch's accomplishments is a very, very long one,  and I couldn't go through all of it. I couldn't begin to. Again, just  to touch on some of the other big ones, there is the creation of the  Children's Health Insurance Program and the passage of the Dietary  Supplement Health and Education Act. All of this happened before I got  to the Senate, some many years ago.   Then, in 2010, I was elected to the Senate, and I had this wonderful  privilege shortly thereafter of working on the Senate Finance Committee  with Senator Hatch as our chairman and our leader. It was a privilege  for me, for a lot of reasons, not the least of which is, I had a chance  to see up close, in person, and firsthand his leadership style and how  effective he is. He is a role model for anyone who wants to have a  successful career as a U.S. Senator.   He was tremendously productive on his work to repeal Medicare's  flawed sustainable growth rate, which, year after year, plagued  healthcare. There seemed to be no solution, but Senator Hatch figured  that out. He was principally responsible for crafting and passing the  CHRONIC Care Act. Anybody in the Senate could learn a lot from his  focus on oversight of our Nation's foster care system, as well as his  role in shaping the Finance Committee's response to the prescription  drug abuse and the opioid crisis. It is a very, very long list of  really, really important reforms and innovations in healthcare, but it  is not just healthcare.   What I think will probably be one of Senator Hatch's most lasting  legacies is the leadership he provided to make it possible for all of  us to pass the most comprehensive tax reform in over 30 years.   Our Tax Code was broken for a long time. Without Senator Hatch's  leadership of the Finance Committee, it would still be broken today.  Instead, he helped us to take an outdated, uncompetitive Tax Code and  transform it into a competitive, progrowth Tax Code, bringing down our  corporate rate to 21 percent, reversing the trend of companies moving  headquarters abroad, reforming our international tax rules to encourage  investment domestically, and allowing businesses to immediately write  off capital investment. That already has and will continue to lead to a  surge of investment, which enhances worker productivity, which is a  necessary precondition for wage growth, which we are now seeing. These  are the fruits of Senator Hatch's labors.   He insisted that we lower taxes at every income level so virtually  all Americans save on their Federal tax bill, and the result has led to  the strongest economy in over a decade and, by many measures, much  longer than that.   Consumer confidence is at an 18-year high. For the first time that I  know of in American history, we have more job openings in America than  there are people looking for jobs. Unemployment benefit claims are  hitting a 45-year low. In fact, unemployment is the lowest it has been  since 1969. These are unbelievable numbers. African-American  unemployment is at an alltime record low. Hispanic unemployment is at a  record low. Youth unemployment is at a 50-year low. As a result of all  of this demand for workers, average hourly earnings are rising at the  highest year-over-year increase in a decade. That story is true and was  made possible by Senator Hatch.   It was roughly 50 years ago when the Hatch family left Pennsylvania  for Utah. That was our loss. It is a big gain for Utah. They gained a  great man, a good man, and a future statesman. I will insist that the  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania deserves to take a lot of pride in having  contributed, at least in helping to shape this good, kind, decent,  honorable, and extremely influential man and his life.   I want to give my personal thanks to Senator Hatch for his leadership  and for the fact that he has been such a good and honorable man. He  enhances the reputation of this body, and he has set a great example  for all of us to follow.   I wish my friend and mentor a very long and happy retirement.   I yield the floor.   