 Mr. President, a community built without access to  drinking water would never be expected to grow and thrive. Parents  wouldn't move their children to a home where they don't have running  water for bathing and for drinking. Restaurants wouldn't be able to  cook and keep their kitchens clean. Manufacturers  [[Page S901]]  wouldn't build new factories where they couldn't access water for  cooling and other types of processes. Simply put, a community without  access to water would fail.   Being connected to high-speed broadband in the 21st century is as  critical to the prosperity of rural communities as being connected to  running water. I have seen it firsthand. While meeting with  Michiganders in Barry County, we discussed recent economic development.  Part of the county is seeing new construction of homes, the creation of  new businesses, and an influx of young families. The other part of the  county has seen much more limited growth. You can guess which part of  the county is set up for broadband and which isn't.   My constituents from Barry County know that high-speed internet is  the key to economic growth, educational opportunity, and access to  limitless services, information, and ideas. Our rural communities and  our Nation as a whole are now at a crossroads. We have the opportunity  to level the playing field for all Americans by making the right  investments, right now, in rural communities across our Nation. These  towns are not connected to broadband by choice. They are not connected  to broadband because it is simply too expensive to deploy in these  geographic areas.   Local city councils in rural areas must struggle to fund broadband  projects themselves or they struggle to convince providers that it  makes economic sense to invest in their communities, especially in  places where populations are small or spread out. While deployment can  be expensive, high-speed broadband is not a luxury. It is critical  infrastructure. High-speed broadband is critical infrastructure the  same way that the pipes that carry our water and the wires that carry  our electricity are critical infrastructure.   The Federal Government has a role to play in infrastructure when it  comes to the national deployment of life-changing, critical  innovations. We have been here before. In the 20th century, the United  States faced a parallel challenge with the deployment of electricity.  It took strategic Federal action to bring electricity to less populated  rural areas. These commonsense investments raised our overall standard  of living and spurred productivity in an agricultural sector that was  at risk of falling behind urban-based industries.   If we can successfully electrify a nation, then we have no excuse for  not connecting it to the internet in the modern era.   Rural electricity was the breakthrough in the 20th century. Universal  high-speed broadband will be the breakthrough of the 21st century,  provided we invest in it. Any serious national infrastructure package  needs real Federal investment in rural broadband.   Unfortunately, the Trump administration's infrastructure proposal  utterly fails to recognize the urgency for robust connectivity  nationwide, especially for communities caught on the wrong side of the  digital divide. The administration's plan fails to provide any  dedicated funding for rural broadband. Strategic Federal investments  are needed to fill in the gaps for States and local communities  struggling to keep up with the internet demands of today, let alone  getting ahead of the connectivity demands of tomorrow. This  administration's infrastructure proposal would only create more gaps.   Although the administration is advertising their infrastructure  proposal as a $1.7 trillion plan, $1.5 trillion of it would fall on the  backs of cash-strapped State and local governments. If this is all they  are proposing, this is simply a lost opportunity. If this is all they  are proposing, this administration is setting up our communities for  failure.   What are they actually proposing? They are proposing toll roads and  hiking State and local taxes. They aren't even being subtle about this.  It is in black and white. The administration's plan says: ``Providing  States flexibility to toll existing Interstates would generate  additional revenues.''   Michiganders did not send me to the U.S. Senate because they want  toll roads and higher local taxes. As a candidate, President Trump  promised real Federal investment in communities across our great  Nation. Now this administration is offering up State and local taxes  and tolls to pay for roads, bridges, waterways, and zero dedicated  dollars--zero dedicated dollars--for broadband expansion.   As I said earlier, any serious national infrastructure plan needs  real Federal investment in rural broadband. Universal broadband means  rural prosperity, continued economic growth, and international  competitiveness. We must invest in this goal in order to reach it.   I urge my colleagues to join me in making real investments in rural  high-speed broadband a top priority in any infrastructure legislation.  All of our friends, family members, and neighbors in rural communities  across our great Nation are counting on us to deliver this.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rubio). The Senator from Maryland.   