 Mr. Chairman, when we talk about the opiate crisis, we  talk often of its victims, but there is an important group that we are  leaving out: survivors.   Individuals who complete inpatient rehabilitation and other treatment  programs have been forgotten and left behind without a way to begin a  new life. In particular, finding a suitable place to call home can be  especially challenging.   Research has proven the connection between substance use and  homelessness. It is time that Congress take a closer look.   Today, nearly 110,000 Americans are homeless, with approximately half  suffering chronic addictions to drugs, alcohol, or both. Approximately  70 percent of homeless veterans are estimated to suffer from substance  use disorder.   We continue to focus on treatment and prevention, but unless we  simultaneously look toward assisting those who need support after  treatment, this terrible crisis will continue. That is why I rise today  in support of H.R. 5735 introduced by my colleague,  Andy Barr, whose  home State of Kentucky is no stranger to the opiate crisis.   Called the THRIVE Act, or the Transitional Housing for Recovery in  Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act, this program will kick  off a 5-year demonstration program to support transitional housing.  Specifically, 10,000 Section 8 housing vouchers will be set aside  specifically for people with an opiate use disorder.   Transitional housing takes a wraparound approach by providing its  residents with a stable, supportive environment to address their  addiction, mental health, and/or homelessness. Required participation  in recovery classes, life skills education classes, mandatory savings  plans, and full-time or part-time employment work together to support  residents as they continue to improve their lives.   Homelessness and addiction create a vicious cycle, and these  Americans need help to break it. With this bill, Congress can step in  and provide some assistance for their next step of recovery.   Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 5735.   