 Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the yielding and the  work that has been put in to get this farm bill together.   First thing that I am happy about, it has the protect interstate  commerce language in it, which passed in committee by simply a voice  vote. It is well-established. It protects and preserves the commerce  clause. We can't have States regulating interstate commerce. That  violates the commerce clause. This restores it. That is item number  one.   Item number two, in title I, we have in the bill that we protect the  PLC program. We improve and protect the ARC program, and we protect the  crop insurance. All of that keeps our families on the farm, and if we  don't have that, market fluctuations take them off.   We have also increased funding for the MAP program, Market Access  Program, and for the Foreign Market Development Program. We have got  another FMD program too, and that is the vaccine bank that is in this  bill.   Putting work into the SNAP program is an important component. All  work has dignity. All work has honor. It is a good start for what we  need to do to get a lot better turnout of what goes on with our welfare  programs.   Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for putting this bill together here  on this floor today.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made  in order by the rule.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I bring this amendment, amendment No. 1, to help  supplement some of the good programs that are already existing within  the existing farm bill, and what it does is it allows drainage  districts to also compete for EQIP money along with the irrigation  districts that exist in the country.   I have worked in this arena for a lot of my adult life, and there are  roughly 2,000 drainage districts in the State of Iowa, but the  important part of this is that we are concerned about water quality and  water management and nutrient management, and we have developed  technology that, when a producer goes into a pattern tile system, a  drainage system--and we used to, and we still do in most places--we  just drain all that water out down to the bottom of the tile, and we do  that for 12 months out of the year.   And what happens is the nutrients that are applied, the nitrogen and  the phosphorous, in particular, go down the stream, and it impacts the  water quality downstream; and it contributes to the hypoxia in the Gulf  Coast, as well.   So we have developed a method by which especially the flattest ground  in the corn belt--this began at least 8 million acres that were under a  2 percent grade--could be pattern tiled and put stop logs in and store  the water in the subsoil; drain it down for the 2 weeks in the spring  that we are in the field, let the water table come back up again, hold  it there, drain it down again for the 2 weeks in the fall that we are  in the field, and let it come up the rest of the time.   While that is going on, the root system of our crop--corn and  soybeans in my country, different crops in others--will draw up those  nutrients out of that water and they will pull the nitrogen out, they  will pull the phosphorous out, and we can minimize the application of  our fertilizer. In doing so and having a better utilization of our  fertilizer, we can also see the water that finally does go down the  stream be a far higher quality.   So this allows EQIP to be spent also in drainage districts for that  purpose. It is good for water quality. It is good for production  efficiency, and it is something that I think has a big future for the  United States of America.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Minnesota. They  understand the water quality issues and the drainage issues at least as  well as we do in Iowa, and working together on this kind of a proposal,  I think, will yield good results all the way down, especially the  Mississippi River, the hypoxia in the Gulf.   This is good for the entire United States of America. It is something  that I wish we would have done some time ago, but I appreciate the  support for this amendment. I urge its adoption.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   