 Mr. President, everybody doesn't just come up with the  same description of someone they have worked with every day by  accident. When we think about everything that has been said and  everyone independently setting down what we remember about Senator  Cochran, what we think about when we think about Senator  [[Page S1897]]  Cochran--he is a gentleman. He is a quiet persuader. He gets things  done in a way that makes things that would otherwise seem hard for  other people seem easy for him.   The true, groundbreaking politician came to the Congress in 1972, but  in 1978, he was the first Republican elected statewide in Mississippi  in over 100 years.   He gave evidence to that willingness to serve everybody in the  direction he gave his staff. Nobody ever talks about Senator Cochran  without talking about his staff. It doesn't take long into that  conversation to talk about his staff. Just as Thad Cochran encouraged  them to do on day one, they always tried to solve everybody's problem  they worked for, no matter what that past relationship might have been  or how they disagreed on other things.   The first time I got a chance to work with Senator Cochran, I was the  chief deputy whip in the House, and we were in a leadership meeting  trying to bring some things to a conclusion. I think the majority  leader in the Senate at the time was Thad's colleague from Mississippi.  Trent Lott turned to Thad and me--I was the junior person at the table.  My mom and dad were dairy farmers, and maybe that is why Senator Lott  thought I would understand this. It was a dairy issue, as I recall, and  he said: Why don't you and Senator Cochran work this out? I think it  was something on milk marketing orders, which almost nobody understood.  It was a problem that nobody thought they could solve. I had been here  about 25 months, and Senator Cochran had been here 25 years, and what I  got was the great gift of watching him work out that problem, and it  got to the conclusion that, for whatever reason, everybody was happy  with.   His leadership, for States like Missouri and Mississippi with large  rural populations--I think we have a bigger urban population than  Mississippi, but we both have big rural populations. Whether it was  agricultural issues or flood insurance or rural economic development,  Thad Cochran was always there--at one time, not just as the chairman of  the Agriculture Committee but also the chairman of the agriculture  appropriating committee, and anybody who has worked around here very  long knows it doesn't get much more powerful than that when it comes  time to solve problems.   There have been mentions of Hurricane Katrina and stepping up, along  with Haley Barbour, the Governor of Mississippi, coming together,  convincing the Congress of things that needed to be done, and a few  things that got done in Mississippi that didn't get done anywhere else.   I was presiding this morning when Senator Schumer spoke. He  mentioned--he didn't mention it is his comments a few minutes ago, but  he mentioned this morning--and this is an important view of both of  them--he said that he remembered Thad saying one time: I don't call a  lot of press conferences; I don't think it is part of my  responsibility. Senator Schumer quickly pointed out that was not his  view of press conferences, but it was Thad's view of press conferences  or ``Meet the Press'' or anything else that didn't focus on his job of  getting things done.   The bill we will vote on today does things for members of the Active  Armed Forces and veterans that we haven't done in a long time. It is a  fitting conclusion to the service of Thad Cochran, who in 2013 received  the Navy Distinguished Public Service Award. He was stationed in Boston  for part of his service in the Navy, where nobody could understand what  he said, but they wanted to do whatever it was that Thad Cochran wanted  to do.   I liked the term that Senator Shelby used, that Thad Cochran is one  of the last practitioners of the lost art of being nice--the lost art  of being nice.   I talked to my 13-year-old son Charlie just this morning, and I said:  You know, Charlie, it is actually easier to be thoughtful than to be  thoughtless. So many of us don't mature much beyond the 13-year-old  understanding of that. We would be better off to watch and learn from  what Thad Cochran did so well while he served in this body.   Thad and Kay will be missed in the daily Senate family, but they will  always be an important part of the Senate family.   It is an exciting time when you get to go home to Mississippi and  don't immediately understand that you very quickly have to turn around  and come back to Washington to do what Thad did so well for so long,  representing the people he worked for, the people he loved. At least  two generations of Mississippians don't remember when Thad Cochran  wasn't their Senator, and only when this time in the Senate ends will  people fully begin to realize how much he did, how much they appreciate  what he did, and how much has happened because Thad Cochran was here.    Mr. President, first of all, I think the session led by  Senator Alexander and Senator Collins on the cost-sharing has been very  helpful and shows the impact that would have if we went forward with  it, but I want to talk about the funding bill itself.   The first and foremost thing this bill does is it makes critical  investments to keep Americans safe. It is the largest annual defense  increase year-to-year in 15 years. It provides a pay increase for those  who risk their lives in service to us. When we send our men and women  who are willing to do that job in harm's way, we ought to do everything  we can to ensure that they have every possible advantage. We don't want  Americans to be in a fair fight. We want Americans to be in an unfair  fight because we have stacked the fight in favor of people who are  defending us.   We lost the advantages we had over the last 10 years. We clearly have  not funded the military at the level it needed to be funded. We haven't  provided the training dollars. We let the equipment get old. I would  like to think I have consistently been on the other side of that  debate.   We see what happens when we lose that advantage. We lost 80 personnel  this year and last year, 2017, in accidents--in training accidents and  other accidents--where people are asked to do too much for too many  hours without enough training on the kind of equipment they are going  to be using. We had 80 people lost in those accidents--four times as  many people as were lost in combat. We can't continue to let that  happen.   That is what this bill does. It turns the page after a decade of  inadequate funding, a decade of diminished readiness, a decade of  training that wasn't what people should have been expected to have  before they were expected to do the things we asked them to do.   This bill makes the equipment better, it strengthens our military  defense, it strengthens our missile defense, it funds new weapons  systems, and invests heavily in measures designed to counter the  threats such as ISIL and North Korea.   It begins to upgrade U.S. military strength with funding increases  for shipbuilding, for aircraft procurement and maintenance. Some of the  aircraft we make--the Growlers and Super Hornets--in Missouri, and  there are lots of small suppliers that are a part of that readiness  chain that are jeopardized when we decide we are not going to keep our  equipment up-to-date or repaired.   This bill has a pay raise for the military men and women that they  deserve. It also deals with veterans. In my State, we have 500,000  veterans. I am proud to see this bill provides a record level of  Veterans' Administration funding but also continues down the path of  being sure veterans have more choices. There is no reason to drive by  three hospitals that are really good at something that the veterans  hospital you are going to may not be as good at. There are things  veterans hospitals should be better at than anybody else. They should  be better at post-traumatic stress. They should be better at IED  attacks, where eyes and limbs are hurt. Always the veterans hospitals  have been as good as anybody on prosthetics when people have lost legs  and lost arms. That is part of what veterans uniquely are likely to  have happen to them more than others. There is no reason to assume they  should be as good at kidney dialysis or open-heart surgery. There is  every reason to assume, if they want to go somewhere that really is  good at this that is closer to where they live, they should be able to  do that.   This bill funds either the construction or the repair and backup of  almost 100 miles of the wall that the President talked about at the  border.   It provides the money to keep the Guantanamo Bay detention facility  open. It has the Fix NICS component, particularly with Federal  agencies. It was a shock to me and others, as we have looked into this,  that so many of the problems with reporting to the background check  system have been through Federal agencies and the military failing to  report the kinds of things that clearly would be reported if they had  happened in a civilian environment. Fix NICS does that, providing  incentives for States to figure out how to make their reporting better.   This includes the Hatch and Klobuchar safe schools language that  talks about how to stop school violence, early intervention, military  mental health awareness. In my State, at least, we have been leaning on  something called mental health first aid, where teachers and others who  work with young people are not turned into psychiatrists or  psychologists but in a fairly intensive, but short, period of time are  given some of the key things to look for to then try to connect that  young man or woman with the kind of help they need.   The equipment that could be available for better securing schools  would be available in new ways under this bill, if we pass it. Some of  that is in the education area. I am on that subcommittee with the  Presiding Officer.   The labor, the health and human services, and the education  components of the bill are strong--what we are doing for the third year  straight in healthcare research. Until this year, every time we made  that new commitment to healthcare research, after 12 years of no  increase at all, we did it with no new money. It was purely  prioritizing this as an important thing. With this year's bill, the  bill we will pass today, we will restore 22 percent of funding that the  NIH lost in research buying power in the previous 12 years, where not a  single new penny went to healthcare research beyond what they had  before--whether it is Alzheimer's, cancer, or the BRAIN Initiative. We  just simply know a lot more than we knew a dozen years ago about the  human genome, about the individual impact of cancers, about getting  your own system more aggressively fighting back, by sort of amping up  your own system's response. Your system and mine, we have a response to  those cancerous attacks, but usually it is quickly overwhelmed by the  cancer itself. It doesn't have to be that way because research has led  the way on that.   This bill is not perfect. I could go through the bill--every one of  us could go through the bill and find something in there that we  individually don't like. That is part of the legislating process.   Going back to my earlier comments, it is a different decision to be  made when you decide: I am absolutely committed to defending the  country, but I  [[Page S1923]]  am going to find something in the bill that funds that that I can be  against, so even though I can be for defense, I don't have to explain  anything I am not for.   I would rather we brought these bills to the floor one at a time. I  am lucky--I hope--fortunate to be on the special committee that was  just appointed to try to figure out a way to make the budget and  appropriations process work in a way that this might be the last time  we have all this in one bill. It didn't used to be that way. It has  been that way for about 10 years now. It needs to stop. Every Member  needs to have a right to be able to amend these bills, to bring them to  the floor one at a time or two at a time, have a real debate, and put  them on the President's desk as we pass them, not to wait until 6  months after the new spending year begins and then have one big bill  and have no real impact on what is in that bill in ways we would like  to--at least vote on having it changed.   It is not perfect. There was right-to-conscience language, where  healthcare professionals who didn't want to be part of a particular  procedure that would generally be a life-ending procedure because of  their personal conscience and faith beliefs--you would think that could  have made it in this bill, but it didn't. I would be much happier about  voting on this bill if it were there, but it is not there. So I can  find things that aren't there that I would like to see in this bill. I  can certainly find things that are in the bill that I would prefer not  to see us go forward with. But that is the process of democracy. That  is the process of legislating. You have to look at the alternatives  before you.   If we are going to make the kind of commitment to our national  defense and the men and women who defend us that this bill makes, if we  are going to make the kind of commitment to healthcare research and  school safety that this bill makes, the choice today is to vote for the  bill sometime before the continuing resolution runs out tomorrow or to  think of how you could have done this in a better way. I think we all  can think of better ways to do this.   Moving forward here, it is important that we have made a commitment  to the opioid crisis we are seeing in the country. More people now die  from drug overdoses than in car accidents. Drug overdoses have become  the No. 1 cause of accidental death in the country today.   We have $1.5 billion in flexible spending for the States as part of  the $3 billion being spent to fight the opioid crisis in the next year.  About 15 percent of that $1.5 billion is going to go to the States that  have the biggest problem. There will be some allocation to every State  because every State has a problem, but some States have bigger  problems. For the first time in this fight, with the good advice of  Senator Shaheen, Senator Capito, Senator Portman, and others, we are  factoring in a way to get more money quicker to the States that have  big problems.   There is also money for the National Institute of Health to research  new ways to respond to drug overdoses so that more people survive the  overdose and research different ways to deal with pain so that people  don't get addicted to the things they are addicted to now and either  die from overdoses or move to even more dangerous drugs. And people who  don't die from an overdose can see their lives crumble in front of them  even if they are fortunate enough to recover from the addiction they  became part of. This is a national crisis, and this bill views it as a  national crisis.   Whether it is a domestic crisis, like opioids, or an international  crisis, like our failure to defend ourselves in a way that people who  defend us would expect us to be willing to do--this is a bill that  overall deserves to be voted for. I intend to vote for it. I intend to  start tomorrow trying to have a bill next year that not only comes to  the floor in a different way but also corrects the problems that I  think could have been better served in the bill we have before us  today.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   