 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his leadership  on that and his help. I wish the FAA had listened. And I thank Mr.  Shuster and the staffs on both sides of the committee for including  this amendment with others that need to be part of this action.   It was about 2 years ago that the largest, most deadly crash of a  commercial balloon in American history occurred just south of Austin,  near Lockhart and Maxwell, Texas. It was, in fact, and remains the  largest aviation disaster of any type in this decade. When that  morning, that Saturday morning ended, this was all that was left, along  with the bodies of the victims of this.   The Federal Aviation Administration had been asked, prior to this  incident, by the National Transportation Safety Board, to take a closer  look and come up with reasonable regulations for the commercial balloon  industry. The FAA failed to do that. Since this accident, the Federal  Aviation Administration has been asked, once again, by the National  Transportation Safety Board to act on this matter, and the FAA has  again failed.   The families of the victims launched a petition on their own to  express their  [[Page H3669]]  concern about this. I have joined them, others have joined them, in  asking for action, and it is clear that only legislative action by us  will address this problem.   I am hopeful that, with the passage of this amendment, which is  narrow, which is bipartisan, and is directed only to assuring that  individuals who are flying these--lifting off in these balloons are  medically fit to do so. Had that been in place, I believe that this  incident would never have happened.   So the grief, the horror, that these families experienced, many of  them want to channel it into seeing that no other family faces a  similar crisis. This is an incident that had a widespread effect. I  talked with the owner of the property where the crash occurred. There  was a giant prayer circle around the Caldwell County Courthouse of  concern of many people in the county for what happened here.   I just want to thank my colleagues for incorporating this amendment  in because I think it will help save lives in the future.   