 Mr. President, as Senator Klobuchar has noted, Democrats  and Republicans are here to talk about a critically important issue;  that is, protecting the franchise for our people.   I want to begin by saying that the ink is barely dry on the  indictment of the Russian hackers who tried to undermine our democracy,  and the President of the United States is trying to deny that it  actually happened. Just put your arms around that one for a moment,  colleagues. The indictment of the Russian hackers is just days old, the  President's own intelligence officials are telling him that an attack  on our democracy is a near certainty, and he has just not been willing  to step up and prevent it. In fact, he continues to refuse to accept  the basic facts of the attack the Russians perpetrated in 2016.   The fact, however, is that Americans are learning more and more about  what actually happened, and it is becoming increasingly clear that what  the President calls a witch hunt is turning up a lot of witches. The  attack on our democracy was plotted and perpetrated by agents of the  Russian Government. It came from the very top. It wasn't perpetrated by  some other, unidentified country, and it wasn't some random fellow in  his mom's basement; it was Russia. Somehow, the President is too  mesmerized by Vladimir Putin to admit that.   The public learned from the indictments unsealed in the last several  days that Russian intelligence officials hacked into the computers of  the Democratic National Committee, stole data, and planted surveillance  software. They were basically hoovering up voter data that belonged to  one-half million Americans. They targeted our election infrastructure  and searched for vulnerabilities that might have allowed them to affect  the results. A Russian national with ties to Russian intelligence used  what was called a ``gun rights organization'' to infiltrate  conservative circles and sway our political judgment.    Those are the facts, colleagues, and no matter how the President  twists himself into a pretzel to try to describe it otherwise, those  are the realities. Our election system and our digital infrastructure  are still extraordinarily vulnerable to attack. The President's own  Director of National Intelligence, our former colleague, has said--not  [[Page S5248]]  months ago but recently--that ``the lights are blinking red.''   So our colleagues Senator Leahy and Senator Klobuchar are proposing  an important investment of funding to assist the States. There is no  question in my mind that when looking at this challenge, this will be a  challenge that benefits from the additional funds since this is a  national problem. The Director of Homeland Security said in response to  my question that paperless voting machines pose a ``national security  concern.'' You know, we don't ask Delaware or Oregon or small towns if  they are dealing with an attack on their democracy. We don't say to a  small town in Delaware or Oregon: Will you figure out how to do it? We  treat it as something where we come together as Americans to tackle the  problem. So we are going to need additional funds for attacking this  extraordinarily important challenge.   I am going to be heading home for townhall meetings. We have these  sessions, throw open the doors, and everybody's welcome. Folks are  going to hear about what we are talking about in election security, and  folks are going to say: Ron, what are the best ideas out there for  stopping the Russians from hacking our elections?   I will say to my colleagues--we are going to talk some more about  this--cyber security experts are overwhelmingly united on what is best  for stopping the Russian hackers. Overwhelmingly, this country's cyber  security experts--people who aren't Democrats or Republicans; they are  people who are knowledgeable in this field--say the two things you need  most are paper ballots and risk-limiting audits--those two things,  paper ballots and risk-limiting audits.   Tens of millions of Americans today have no choice but to vote on  unsecured machines that might as well have these words scrolled on them  in Russian: ``Please hack me, comrade.'' That pretty much is what you  get with these unsecured voting machines.   The voting machine industry--I think I talked about this with my  friend from Delaware--has basically considered themselves to be above  the law. They have refused to share vital information about their  operations with me, the Intelligence Committee--even basic questions,  which are really called issues relating to cyber hygiene. But what we  know is, some of this voting technology has actually come preinstalled  with remote monitoring software. The cyber security experts will tell  you that is a recipe for disaster. The experts also will tell you that  bar codes, ballot-marking devices, are not the heart of a solution to  really secure elections.   When you ask the companies that manufacture these machines, they are  ducking and weaving when they are asked even the most basic and  straightforward questions about how they are protecting American  voters.   Colleagues, as we move to start this extraordinarily important  debate, I want to be clear about what I think the most important  challenge is. Our most important job is to build a new partnership  between the States and localities and Federal election officials that  actually protects American elections from getting hacked by the  Russians. That is what this is all about--actually making sure we  provide that added measure of assistance and security for American  voters.   In the name of supporting that cause, I have proposed legislation  called the PAVE Act which, in effect, says that we have to build around  common sense and what the independent cyber security experts say is  important--paper ballots and postelection audits. That, in my view, is  the heart of what we ought to be looking for ways to support. If a  polling place starts election day with a line of people out the door,  it ought to end the day with a stack of paper ballots that are hack- proof--a verifiable system that the Russians cannot touch.   If the United States is going to go along with business as usual-- election security status quo of paperless machines and not very many  audits, not effective audits--it is nearly as bad as leaving ballot  boxes on street corners in Red Square. So I am going to close this way.  When we have a debate this important about election security, what it  is really about is whether Americans can trust that control of our  democracy is actually in their hands. The easiest way to destroy what  has certainly been waning confidence Americans have in our elections is  to leave election systems vulnerable to attack. That is practically a  surefire way to limit voter participation, and it certainly is going to  generate a new firestorm of conspiracy theories in every American  election from here on.   So I say to my colleagues and Senator Coons, who really is the gold  standard for working with colleagues, trying to bring people together:  Find approaches that make sense for our people. He and I have talked,  and I think we have agreed that we will take a good idea from anywhere  in sight. If there is a good idea on this side of the aisle, we are  interested. If there is a good idea over there, we are interested. The  good idea here, in terms of protecting the votes of the American people  who have been threatened by Russian hackers, with the evidence as  recently as a few days ago with the indictments--the best way,  according to people who aren't in politics and are knowledgeable in the  field, is to have paper ballots and risk-limiting audits. As long as I  have the honor to represent Oregon in the U.S. Senate--we will  certainly be talking about this at townhall meetings this weekend. I  look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to advance that kind of approach, which I think is the surest path to  blocking those Russian hackers from doing again and again what they did  to us in this past election.   I yield the floor.   