 Mr. President, I call for regular order.    Mr. President, I know of no further debate.    I withdraw the amendment.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 302,  H.R. 2579.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk on  the motion.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H. Con. Res. 104, which was  received from the House.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  amendment at the desk be agreed to, the concurrent resolution, as  amended, be agreed to, and the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 400, submitted  earlier today.    I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the senior  Senator from Alaska, the junior Senator from Wyoming, the junior  Senator from North Carolina, and the junior Senator from South Dakota  be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions on  Friday, February 9, 2018.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 36, H.R. 1301.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered  read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday,  February 12; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning  hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader  remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to  H.R. 2579, and notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture  vote on the motion to proceed occur at 5:30 p.m., Monday. I further ask  that if the House of Representatives does not concur in the Senate  amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1892,  the Senate adjourn until 11 a.m. today; finally, that following the  prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of  proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be  reserved for their use later in the day, and the Senate be in a period  of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to  10 minutes each.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 1:57 a.m., conditionally  adjourned until Monday, February 12, 2018, at 3 p.m.   