 Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote  ``no'' on the previous question so that we can immediately bring the  Dream Act to the floor.   I stand before you today with a reopened government, ready to  transform discussion into action. This is the 19th time that we have  requested a vote on the Dream Act.   Congress did not create this emergency. This is a mere negotiation  tactic brought about by the actions of a single man.   The time for tactics is over. Now is the time to put your vote to  work and break the deadlock issue.   We are a nation of immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers. A great  man once said: ``The bosom of America is open to receive not only the  opulent and the respected stranger, but the oppressed and persecuted of  all nations and religions, whom we shall welcome to a participation  with all our rights and privileges. . . .''  [[Page H695]]    That man was George Washington, Mr. Speaker, our country's first  President.   Now let us take a moment to reflect on this and how President  Washington saw our country. George Washington would welcome an opulent  and respected stranger, you know, like folks from Norway. However, we  should also welcome the oppressed and the persecuted of all nations and  all religions in the world.   Compare George Washington's words to President Trump's, who said: ``I  do business with the Mexican people, but you have people coming through  the border that are from all over. And they are bad. They are really  bad. You have people coming in, and I am not just saying Mexicans. I am  talking about people who are from all over that are killers and  rapists, and they are coming into this country.''   Please, Mr. Speaker, do not let this era be known as the day that  America surrendered. Do not let our country go down the path of  religious persecution. Do not let our country fall to the dictates of  convenience.   The United States of America sets the tone for the rest of the world.  In other words, Mr. Speaker, if we do not help the less fortunate than  us, who can we count on?   It is not easy to say no, Mr. Speaker. It is easy to surrender. It is  a rare occasion where an easy choice is the right choice.   It is up to us, the leaders of our country, to take the hard path,  the path taken by our ancestors.   About 800,000 young people living in our country, also known as  DREAMers, are facing an uncertain future.   Many criticize how DACA was created, some even criticize the granting  of a status quo on immigrants. I say this is un-American. I say to  these critics that it is time to become problem solvers for our  country.   We only have a few days left under the current continuing resolution  to pass a bill that provides DACA recipients a pathway to citizenship.  We made a promise to the American people and to 800,000 DREAMers who  are American in every way except on paper.   To all the DREAMers, I want you to know that I stand with you.   Today I call on every Member of Congress to remember that we are a  nation founded by immigrants. I call on you to give these DREAMers a  chance. Let's get it done.   