 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, in this very troubling week, when these same Republican  enablers here in Congress have endangered our national security by  failing to confront Donald Trump's surrender to Vladimir Putin in  Helsinki, today, we again witness their total indifference to another  very serious national security concern. Unfortunately, just as their  refusal to stand up to Trump's denial of this ongoing Russian  aggression won't make it go away as a grave threat to our democracy,  neither will their ignoring the national security challenge of climate  change eliminate reality.   In recent years, the war, the challenge, that these Republicans have  been most willing to fight is the war on reality. They particularly  find troubling any scientific fact that conflicts with their last  campaign rally or their rigid ideology.   This Administration actually prohibited the Centers for Disease  Control from including, in its budget documents to Congress, the terms  ``evidence-based'' or ``science-based.'' They don't want to rely on  science as fact. They have questioned and harassed scientists across  America so much that you have to begin to wonder whether they still  believe in gravity.   Across America, we are seeing, with our own eyes, what they refuse to  acknowledge: soaring temperatures, severe and erratic records being set  in our weather, massive 100-year floods that seem to recur every 100  months, deep freezes, and ravaging hurricanes that dumped 60 inches of  rain in one short period of time on the City of Houston.   Often at the same time that these disasters are occurring in other  parts of America we see: record droughts, and wildfires destroying  thousands of acres, livelihoods, and homes. All across the country,  particularly in the southern States, seldom seen diseases, like West  Nile virus and Lyme disease, are afflicting more and more of our  neighbors.   During the lifetime of my grandchildren, I know that my home State of  Texas, America's number one greenhouse gas polluter, is on schedule to  become a very different place, with more of the State looking like the  Sonoran Desert. At the same time, our coastal areas, like those that  stretch all the way to New England, will find themselves submerged and  major metropolitan areas subject to serious harm from storm surges.   Meanwhile, we will see, not in the future, but right now, thousands  of premature deaths every year because of air pollutants that are  associated with carbon emissions.    Mr. Speaker, around the world, the very severe impact of  climate change has already been identified as a major contributing  factor to the disaster in Syria, conflict in Africa, and what is  becoming a growing number of climate refugees. Trump's own Defense  Secretary has acknowledged the need to address climate change and the  impact on our military.   The Scientific American has reported that climate change presents a  significant and direct risk to the U.S. military, its readiness,  operations, and strategy.   We must treat this as a national security threat. When you have a  security threat, you don't just rely on one weapon. A carbon tax that  is revenue neutral, that does not take any new tax revenue than the tax  it replaces, is one of the tools that should not be rejected without  even having a hearing to evaluate it.   The likelihood of a carbon tax in our future will not be changed by  this silly resolution. But as Republicans continue to reject all ways,  any ways, of addressing the climate change national security challenge,  the future of our planet and our families remains endangered every bit  as much as they endanger us by yielding to Vladimir Putin.   