 Mr. President, I, too, rise in support of the nomination  of the  [[Page S450]]  Honorable Jerome, or ``Jay,'' Powell to be the Chairman of the Board of  Governors of the Federal Reserve System.   I appreciate this opportunity to immediately follow my colleague  Senator Brown, as he and I serve together in leading the Banking  Committee on critical issues like this. Senator Brown has very well  described a number of the critical aspects of what this nomination  means to America. I don't think there is any overstating the importance  of this nomination--one of the very few most important nominations any  President gets to make.   The Federal Reserve Chairman plays a critical role in shaping the  U.S. and global economic landscape as well as the regulations affecting  financial institutions and markets.   If confirmed to this position, Governor Powell would be central to  ensuring a safe and sound financial system while also supporting a  vibrant, growing economy. He will play a key role in right-sizing  Federal regulations and alleviating unnecessary burdens, a stated goal  of the Federal Reserve. He would also Chair the Federal Open Market  Committee, the body charged with making key decisions for the Nation's  monetary policy.   Governor Powell has a unique background, which will help him lead the  Federal Reserve. He has demonstrated his understanding of the markets  and regulations during his tenure over the past 5 years at the Federal  Reserve.   Most recently, he has served as Chairman of the Fed's Committee on  Supervision and Regulation, a highly important and impactful position.   Governor Powell previously served as Assistant Secretary and Under  Secretary of the Treasury under President George H.W. Bush, where he  was responsible for policy affecting financial institutions, the  Treasury market, and other critical areas of our economy. He also has  firsthand experience in investment banking and was a partner in the  Carlyle Group before being appointed to the Board of Governors.   Governor Powell was reported out of the Banking Committee with  overwhelming bipartisan support last year and was recently approved  again this year with near-unanimous support. If confirmed to this new  role, I look forward to continuing our work together with Governor  Powell on a host of important issues before the Banking Committee.   I support this nomination today and urge all of my colleagues to do  the same.   Thank you.   