 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   I rise today in support of the Congressional Review Act resolution to  disapprove the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's 2013 auto finance  guidance.   The Dodd-Frank financial control law explicitly exempted auto dealers  from the Bureau's supervision and regulation. However, this did not  deter former Director of the Bureau Richard Cordray from trying to  regulate this industry, circumventing the legislative intent of  Congress through a backdoor guidance.   Not only did the Bureau lack the legal authority to issue such  regulation, it also based its justification for the guidance on a  flawed statistical methodology.   That methodology, which supposedly provided evidence of widespread  discrimination of auto lenders against minorities, determined the  probability of an individual's race and ethnicity merely based upon  last names and ZIP Codes. According to a 2014 study, only 50 percent of  Asians and 24 percent of African Americans were correctly identified by  the Bureau's flawed methodology.   My friend and colleague from Illinois, a gentleman who self- identifies as a scientist, says that statistical uncertainties are  always present. But the truth is that the Bureau's own records show  that the Bureau designed a remuneration process that ensured that  235,000 consumers would receive remuneration checks, even though the  Bureau knew that White consumers were not discriminated against on  account of race. They would receive remuneration checks under that  process.   Now, to me, Mr. Speaker, that is not statistical uncertainties that  are always present; that is a totally flawed process. I think the  American taxpayer would be totally offended to know that their tax  dollars are going to people who were never harmed. That is not flawed  statistical analysis that is always present; that is outright just a  totally flawed process that rips off American taxpayers.    If the lack of legal authority and deeply flawed  methodology were not enough, the real-world consequences of the  guidance could have been far worse if auto dealers didn't do everything  they could to fight against the guidance. That is because auto dealers  help customers, especially those customers with less than pristine  credit scores.    Let me give you an example from Kentucky. A female buyer, having gone  through a recent divorce, had credit challenges. She was offered a 7.99  percent rate by a competing bank that put her payment at $506 a month.  But thanks to Ford Credit's Certified Pre-Owned Program, which is only  available through a franchised Ford dealer, the same customer was able  to receive a 2.9 percent rate, for a payment of $441 a month. This  scenario saved her almost $70 a month and a whopping $4,200 in interest  charges over the life of the loan.   