 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 613, the  Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self-Protection Act,  and urge its immediate passage.   Mr. Speaker, every year when we are back in the district I conduct  over 300 meetings with constituents to understand some of the issues  they are facing. That might be from senior citizens, to nurses, to  school teachers, to correctional officers. We do this on an annual  basis to listen and learn and bring back their concerns, what is  affecting them, back to Washington, so we can work on legislation.   These meetings shape a large portion of the legislation our office  works on. When student veterans in our district told us they were  having problems using their GI Bill benefits to pay for their degrees,  we came back and passed legislation to address that issue.   When the story of correctional officer Eric Williams' brutal murder  was brought to our attention, we developed and passed legislation  allowing officers to carry pepper spray, simple pepper spray, at all  times. Now, when that was adopted, that might have prevented his death  by inmates who took his life.   Now, correctional officers in our district have brought us other  concerns about being targeted when they finish their shift and leave  prison for the day. We heard the story about how Lieutenant Albarati  was targeted and brutally murdered on his way home from work at the  Metropolitan Detention Center in Puerto Rico.   All this was in retaliation for his investigation into a cellphone  smuggling ring that was occurring in the prison. He was targeted, shot,  chased, and killed after leaving work that day.   Correctional officers often find themselves as targets, we are  hearing, for retaliatory attacks for what they have done at work.  Unfortunately, Bureau of Prison policy prohibits officers from carrying  or storing their personal firearms at the Federal facility where they  work or anywhere on the grounds.   This bill requires that every Federal facility have a safe and secure  area in which officers can store their personal firearms during their  shift. With passage of this bill, we will provide them with one more  tool to ensure they make it home safely to their families every day,  giving them the peace of mind that they can perform their duties and  not worry about the aftermath.   Look, our Nation's prison guards are often taken for granted. They  are the forgotten men and women of America who face evil, and I mean  that in the strongest way. They face evil every day to keep our  communities safe.   Today, we have the opportunity to honor Lieutenant Albarati for his  service and weep with his widow and his three children for their loss.  His sacrifice, as the chairman said, must not be in vain. The lessons  that we have learned can be used to prevent another tragedy like this  from happening ever again.   I thank the Judiciary Committee, its chairman, Mr. Goodlatte, and the  House leadership for bringing H.R. 613 to the floor and urge all my  colleagues to honor the memory of Lieutenant Albarati by voting ``yes''  and sending this bill to the Senate.   