 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  observe a moment of silence for the victims of the school shooting in  Florida.    Mr. President, those were all our children. Those of us  who are parents, you can imagine the parents of those children  wondering what else can be done because yesterday a former student at  Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Northern Broward County,  Parkland, FL, walked onto the campus with a gas mask, smoke grenades,  carrying an AR-15 assault rifle. He pulled a fire alarm, waited for  students to come out into the hallway, and he opened fire. As a result,  17 families are grieving. Their worst fears have become reality. More  than a dozen other students who were injured are in the hospital, and  some of them are in critical condition.   At some point, we have to say enough is enough. At some point, we as  a society have to come together and put a stop to this. This Senator  grew up on a ranch. I have hunted all my life. I have had guns all my  life. I still hunt with my son, but an AR-15 is not for hunting; it is  for killing. Despite these horrific events that are occurring over and  over, these tragedies have led so many of us to come to the floor and  beg our colleagues to take commonsense actions that we all know will  help protect our children and our fellow citizens from these kinds of  tragedies, and we get nowhere.   When is enough going to be enough? Sandy Hook Elementary, 20 students  killed--that wasn't enough. The Pulse nightclub in Orlando, 49 people  killed by a terrorist--that wasn't enough. Las Vegas, 58 people  killed--that wasn't enough. Just a year ago in the same county as the  Parkland murders, Broward County's Fort Lauderdale airport, five people  killed--that wasn't enough. Now this high school, 17 were killed. Some  were as young as 14 years old.   When is enough going to be enough? This Senator has spoken to local  officials on the ground. I have spoken to the superintendent of the  school, who, in his own way, is going through the grieving process; I  have spoken to the FBI; and I have spoken to the sheriff's department  to make sure they have everything they need. When we are finished with  the Dreamer legislation today, I am headed there. When I go to the  hospital and see the families and the hospital victims, all I can think  is, How many more times are we going to have to go through this? And  those families are going to ask me: When is enough enough?   To those who say now is not the time to talk about gun violence  because it is too soon, we don't want to politicize right after a  tragedy--that is what is said over and over--I would ask: When is the  time? If now is not the right time, when is the right time--after the  next shooting or after the one that is going to come after that?  Because these are not going to stop unless we change ourselves as a  culture. How many more times do we have to do this? How many more folks  have to die? When is enough going to be enough? Let's not hide from it.  Let's have a conversation about this right now, not just about mental  illness--that is part of it--and not just about protection in our  schools, and that is part of it. Let's get to the root cause. Let's  come together and help end this violence. Let's talk about that 19- year-old carrying an AR-15. Let's do what needs to be done. Let's get  these assault weapons off our streets. Let's accomplish something on  background checks.   My State passed a constitutional amendment--Florida, 1998--background  checks have to be done in the purchase of a gun. It has never been  implemented totally, and it has never been enforced--a simple  background check. The terrorist who killed 49 people in Orlando at the  Pulse Nightclub had been on the terrorist watch list. If we had a  background check there--he wasn't on it, but maybe in a background  check we ought to include those who have been on the terrorist watch  list. Let's have a conversation about this.   Do you remember a couple of years ago there was a proposal on the  floor that if you are on the terrorist watch list, you can't buy a gun?  That is pretty common sense. We will not let them get on an airplane  because we don't want them taking down a commercial airliner, but they  don't have a restriction on buying a gun.   Let's get at the root cause of this issue. Let's do what we all know  needs to be done. Let's do it now, not later. Let's not just talk about  it, let's do something about it. Let's make what happened at Marjory  Stoneman Douglas High School a pivotal moment in this country's  history, not because it was one of the largest mass shootings but,  hopefully, because it was the last.   It is with a heavy heart I yield the floor.   