 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the  Virgin Islands for yielding time.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the committee for its  consideration in support of H.R. 4890 as well as thank all the members  of the Maryland delegation for their steadfast support.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4890, which designates the  post office at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, in  Maryland's Fourth Congressional District the Wayne K. Curry Post Office  in honor of our late county executive.   Wayne Keith Curry was born in Brooklyn, New York, and grew up in a  racially segregated neighborhood in Cheverly, Maryland. His family was  among the first non-White families to integrate the community in the  early 1950s. He and his older brother were the first African American  students to integrate Cheverly Tuxedo Elementary School and then  Bladensburg High School.   Wayne began his career in public service in the administration of  Prince George's County Executive Winfield Kelly, Jr., from 1975 to  1978. Through his vision, devotion, and tireless work ethic to make a  better Prince George's County, he quickly rose through the ranks of  county government.   He went on to serve in various roles, including community affairs  assistant, administrative assistant to the county's chief  administrative officer, and senior assistant to the executive.   Mr. Curry commuted nightly to Baltimore, eventually graduating with  honors from the University of Maryland Law School, receiving his juris  doctorate in 1980.   From 1980 until 1983, Wayne worked as counsel for a large real estate  development company in Prince George's County, and later decided to  start his own law practice in 1984. During this time, he served as  general counsel for Dimensions Health Corporation, among other high- profile clients.   Although he was a partner at a lucrative law firm, public service had  a strong grasp on his heart. He served as chairman of the United Way  Campaign of Prince George's County, president of the Prince George's  County Chamber of Commerce, chairman of the School Superintendent's  Advisory Committee on Black Male Achievement, and chairman of the  Prince George's County Substance Abuse Advisory Board.   When the opportunity presented itself, he ran for Prince George's  County executive in 1994. Running as the underdog, he ultimately  prevailed. He made history when he became the first African American to  serve in the county's highest elected office.   He brought a renewed vitality to the office and focused his  administration on the economic empowerment of his constituents.   The transformation of Prince George's Count reflected Wayne Curry's  own life from a sleepy southern hollow that was rural and all White to  a large African American majority and increasingly cosmopolitan.    County Executive Curry presided over a period of unprecedented  population growth, development, and modernization of Prince George's  County and making it the national standard of African American success  in local governance. Under Wayne's leadership, Prince George's County  became the first county in our history where education and income  levels rose as it transitioned from majority White to majority African  American.   His business-friendly approach led Prince George's County through a  severe financial crisis, the end of court-mandated bussing, the  construction of 26 new schools and a new stadium for the Washington  Redskins.   He saw the county go from a deficit of $108 million to enjoying a  $120 million surplus, protecting the county's AAA bond rating.   County Executive Wayne K. Curry passed away on July 2, 2014, at the  age of 63 after losing his battle to lung cancer. He is survived by his  wife, Sheila Curry; his son, Julian Curry; and daughter, Taylor Curry.   Wayne Curry never sought to make history, but simply to serve the  community and the people and to better their lives. He was always about  the future and getting it right.   Wayne K. Curry will live on through his historical impact on the  people that I represent, and this bill will honor the vision,  contribution, and legacy of the iconic Wayne K. Curry and will be a  daily remainder in the heart of the county he cared so deeply about.   