 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, the ranking  member of the Committee, Mr. Engel, for his advocacy for this  legislation, for his leadership on the Foreign Affairs Committee, for  the time that I spent on that committee as well, and for all of his  support for this legislation.   I echo the gratitude toward the chairman of the committee, Mr. Royce,  and all that he and his staff did to usher this bill through to this  point; of course, my colleague, Mr. Poe, and his team, for the  leadership that they have shown on it and all that he has done in order  to make sure that this bill has come with the broad bipartisan support  that it has. And that, as he says, is just the way it is.   I also want to say I would be remiss not to reference our dear  colleague, former colleague, Sam Farr, who, if you asked him what day  it was, would respond with a Peace Corps story. This is an act that is  close to his heart, an organization that is close to his heart that he  spent an awful lot of time dedicating himself to, and I am grateful for  the recognition that he deserves, and so many others today.   Mr. Speaker, about 15 years ago, I got off an airplane in Santo  Domingo not knowing what to expect, and a couple of weeks later, was  welcomed with open arms into a pretty rural community on the side of a  highway in the Northern Dominican Republic.   Over the course of the next two-plus years, families that I didn't  know, in a language that I barely spoke, accepted  [[Page H6024]]  me as one of their own. They cared for me when I was sick. They would  literally take half of the food that they had on their plate and scrape  it off so that I had a meal to eat. Folks that were making a couple of  dollars a day, at best, intermittent electricity, intermittent running  water, but whatever they had they were eager to share with me.   And my story and this is not unique. This is told over and over again  by the hundreds of thousands of individuals who have had the  opportunity to serve our country as Peace Corps volunteers around the  globe. You listen to those stories, and they echo from East Timor and  the Philippines, through Mongolia and the Far East, to sub-Saharan  Africa, across the continent, Eastern Europe, Latin America, and  Central America.   Over and over again, the stories that you hear, you ask any Peace  Corps volunteer, and they believe that they serve, not just are serving  the greatest Nation in the world, but they are also in service in one  of the greatest nations in the world, and every volunteer says the same  thing.   What you also see from those volunteers is this extraordinary  generosity of spirit, this dedication to living out the ideals that we  hold so dear, that we speak of in this Chamber, about reaching out to  others and asking what we can do to help them in service, through our  own actions, through the support of the Federal Government behind; what  we can do, day by day, step by step to try to make our communities and  their communities, our world, a little bit better.   That is what the Peace Corps stands for. That is what has been  repeated day after day, volunteer after volunteer, in hundreds of  countries around the world at various times and through all of those  volunteers and their experiences.   That is why this bill today is so important, for Mr. Speaker,  American might can be found on battlefields and military bases, but it  is also found by that college graduate who is teaching in a small  village in India, or a retiree who is teaching a stranger in Belize how  to build a business.    By passing this bill, we can allow current and future Peace Corps  volunteers to carry out their important duty while improving their  access to care and ensuring their safety and security at home and  abroad. Before they even set foot on a plane, volunteers will be made  fully informed of the risks that they will face in their country where  they have been invited to serve.   And once that jet lag has worn off and the nerves settle down, they  have written their first letter home, we will guarantee that these  volunteers have the access to well-qualified medical officers and  support staff in Peace Corps offices overseas.    In addition, this bill promises to take a number of  steps to address and combat instances of sexual assault by  reauthorizing the Sexual Assault Advisory Council through 2023, and  requiring the Peace Corps to provide information to host families  regarding sexual assault prevention awareness.   And because we recognize that tragedies can occur, and that service  is not without risks, for any volunteer who returns home with a  service-connected disability, this legislation will minimize  bureaucratic delay and work to ensure that medical care is received  without delay.   Through their selfless and tireless work, Mr. Speaker, Peace Corps  volunteers leave a lasting, positive impression in countries all around  the world that can endure for generations.   With the bipartisan passage of this bill, we are one step closer to  protecting our volunteers serving around the world and ensuring the  Peace Corps' influence continues to reach new heights.   I want to thank my colleagues, Mr. Poe, Chairman Royce, and Ranking  Member Engel for all their work on this important legislation, and I  urge swift passage of H.R. 2259.   