 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss S. 2155, the  Economic  [[Page S1347]]  Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, and to urge my  colleagues to support its passage.   In just a few minutes, we will have the first vote to vote on cloture  to bring this bill to the floor, cloture on the motion to proceed--a  very critical vote. Again, I encourage all of my colleagues to support  bringing this bill forward to the floor for a full debate and vote.   First, let me thank each of the cosponsors of this bill, including  the many members of the Banking Committee, for their interest and  involvement in the many discussions, hearings, personal negotiations,  and conversations we have had to get to this point. Originally  introduced by 10 Republicans and 10 Democrats, this package of  commonsense reforms now has 26 Senate cosponsors, including 16 members  of the Banking Committee.   Community banks and credit unions across the country have long  struggled to keep up with ever-increasing regulatory compliance and  examiner demands coming out of Washington. In local economies, this  places a strain on small businesses looking to open or to grow.   In fact, when the Dodd-Frank legislation was initially proposed and  we were debating it on the floor of this Senate, I held a news  conference in Idaho, on Main Street in one of our cities. I said that  this bill was not targeted at Wall Street, as it was being marketed;  instead, it was being targeted at Main Street--our small financial  institutions and communities. That has turned out to be exactly the  case. Since the passage of Dodd-Frank, our big banks have profited  wonderfully, but our small banks, our small financial institutions-- credit unions and community banks--have suffered terribly.   S. 2155 is aimed at right-sizing the regulation for financial  institutions, primarily community banks and credit unions, which makes  it easier for consumers to get mortgages or obtain credit. It also  increases important consumer protections for veterans, senior citizens,  victims of fraud, and those who fall on tough financial times.   Congress has held numerous hearings in prior years exploring many of  these issues, and the product before us today is the result of a years- long process and careful vetting.   This bill has received widespread support from commentators,  regulators, businesses, and institutions representing millions of hard- working Americans and consumers, including over 10,000 community  bankers, more than 100 million credit union consumer members, and  thousands of small business owners and entrepreneurs, among others.   The reforms in this bipartisan bill help tailor the current  regulatory landscape, while ensuring safety and soundness and relieving  the burden on American businesses that are unfairly being treated like  the largest companies in our economy.   The passage of this legislation holds real promise for local  economies across America, and I encourage all of my colleagues to  support its passage.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I am going to be joined today by some of my  colleagues from the Banking Committee who are also supporters of the  Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. We  rise today to speak about this bipartisan legislation, which advanced  out of the committee last year by a vote of 16 to 7, a bipartisan vote.  The primary purpose of this legislation is to make targeted changes to  simplify and improve the regulatory regime for community banks, credit  unions, midsized banks, and regional banks to promote economic growth.   Many of us represent rural States where community banks and credit  unions are the primary providers of credit and financial services.  These institutions hold a competitive advantage over their larger  counterparts, operating with a relationship-based knowledge of their  customers and an understanding of their unique needs. They are  decidedly disadvantaged when it comes to keeping up with the ever- increasing compliance and examiner demands coming out of Washington.   Our bill offers much needed reforms that will reduce unnecessary  burdens on smaller financial institutions so that they can use more of  their capital serving customers rather than complying with Federal  regulations that were never intended for them. It also adds protections  against fraud and identity theft for consumers, veterans, senior  citizens, and others, as well as for those falling on hard financial  times.   This bill is the product of robust, bipartisan negotiation. It was  years in the making. It is the outgrowth of feedback and input garnered  from a process we initiated in the Banking Committee across all  stakeholders in America, as well as from previous meetings, briefings,  and many conversations and negotiations among the members.   I see Senator Heitkamp is here, and I am going to ask her to talk  about this process, how we reached this point today, and what it means  for North Dakotans.   Senator Heitkamp.    Before the Senator yields to the Senator from Georgia, may  I make one comment?    I just want to express appreciation for the Senator's  chart.   For those who cannot see the chart, this is a chart that the Senator  from North Dakota has put up that shows the intersection of Main Street  and relief for Main Street. The reason I mention this is that back when  we were debating this regulatory system that was put into place that we  are now trying to rightsize and correct, I had held a news conference  on Main Street in Boise, ID. I had said: This legislation is being  promoted as targeting Wall Street excesses, but the bulls-eye is on  Main Street across this country, which is what we are trying to fix  today.   So I just wanted to tell the Senator how much I love her chart.    I will take the Senator up on that.   I yield to the Senator from Georgia.    I thank very much the Senator from Georgia.   I next ask Senator Corker if he would like to weigh in and let us  know his thoughts on this.    I thank Senator Corker. I appreciate that.   Next, I would like to turn to my colleague from the other side of the  aisle--another colleague from the other side of the aisle, just showing  the bipartisanship we have here on this bill--Senator Tester from  Montana.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Montana, Senator  Tester. Earlier in my remarks, I said that this bill had been years in  the making, and Senator Tester is one of those who have been involved  the entire time, helping us to get here, as are Senator Donnelly from  Indiana and Senator Warner, who is here--he had to step out for just a  second--and Senator Heitkamp, who was here earlier.   I now want to turn to one of our colleagues on the Republican side,  Senator Moran from Kansas, who also is one of those who have been with  us for years, working to make sure we get this critically needed  legislation to the floor.   Senator Moran.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Kansas, Mr. Moran,  for his kind comments and especially for so clearly explaining the true  beneficiaries of this legislation.   There is a lot of talk about financial institutions and even small  banks and credit unions, but the real beneficiaries are the borrowers.  They are the small businesses and the individuals who live in small and  rural communities across this country and, frankly, even in some of our  larger communities across this country. I thank you for explaining that  so well.   The first words in the name of this bill are the ``Economic Growth,''  then ``Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Bill.''   I would like to turn to Senator Donnelly from Indiana--another one of  the giants in terms of sticking to it and helping us get this important  legislation drafted and moved to the floor.    Mr. President, I very much thank Senator Donnelly. I truly  appreciate the Senator's solid, strong, and continued commitment to  making this bill work, come to be a reality, and now helping to get it  across the floor of the Senate. The Senator truly is appreciated.   Next, I turn to my good friend and another great colleague on the  Democratic side of the aisle, Senator Warner from Virginia, another one  of those who has consistently been there for years working to help us  get to these solutions and to get them right.   Senator Warner.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Warner, my good friend and  colleague from Virginia. I see that Senator Sanders from Vermont is  here and the time has arrived for his time on the floor.   I will just conclude by saying that I agree with Senator Warner. We  both support strong capital standards for our banks. I have a pretty  solid, long speech on that that I was going to give if there was time.  I will give it later.   I agree with Senator Warner that one thing we need to make clear is  that the foreign banks with $250 billion in global consolidated assets  will continue and still be subject to enhanced standards. Our bill does  nothing to change that.    I thank the Senator from Virginia.   I yield the floor.   