 Mr. President, I thank Senator Whitehouse, who has been  out here on the floor, week after week after week, sounding the  warning, like Churchill, that there is danger ahead, that there is a  gathering storm. Yet it is not metaphorical as it was for Churchill. It  is real. There is a gathering storm. What Senator Whitehouse has been  doing, year after year after year, is coming out on the floor to  document this gathering storm and to warn that we have to take action.   I thank Senator Whitehouse for his incredible, historic leadership  because, between the U.N. and the U.S. scientists, all of the evidence  is now there. My belief is, the failure that he talked about to heed  the dire warnings on climate change is much more now than that  figurative gathering storm; it is literally gathering much fiercer  energy in super-charged storms that will bear down on our shores as a  result of our warming crisis.   Scientists have shot off the warning flare. In the last 2 months, we  have received two of the most alarming reports to date on the threat  that climate change poses to our country, our economy, our security,  and to our planet. It questions the morality of our country because  ultimately that is what it is. It is a moral issue of whether we are  going to leave this planet better than we found it.   Are we going to be the stewards of this planet and pass it on to  future generations better than we found it? Right now, the gathering  evidence from the United Nations and from our own U.S. Government's  scientists is that we are not.   The Federal Government's National Climate Assessment that was  released last week as well as the recent United Nations  Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report are clarion calls. The  science in these reports is clear. If we fail to act now, storms will  grow more frequent and more powerful. Extreme weather events, like  Hurricane Michael, which grew more quickly this October than any storm  we have seen, will continue to cost the United States hundreds of  billions of dollars in damage. The National Climate Assessment--the  congressionally mandated report issued by 13 Federal agencies-- underscores the specific impacts we are facing now and will continue to  face in the future.   In our home region of the Northeast, which Senator Shaheen and  Senator Whitehouse and I have the privilege to represent, the impacts  are going to be truly devastating. The Northeast region will surpass 2  degrees centigrade of warming beyond preindustrial levels by as soon as  2035--not 2050, not 2100 but by the year 2035--if emissions continue at  their current pace. That would be the quickest warming in the  contiguous United States and would occur as much as two decades before  global average temperatures reach a similar point.   The real-world effects of this warming trajectory are shocking. Sea  levels  [[Page S7173]]  in the Northeast could rise upward of 11 feet by the end of the  century. Almost one-third of the sandy shorelines along the Atlantic  coast could erode inland at rates of at least 3.3 feet per year. We  will feel the impact on our economy, which is so strongly tied to  fishing, to our beaches and tourism, and to our natural environmental  resources.   In 2012, a 2-degree centigrade water temperature increase boosted  lobster landings to high summer levels a month earlier than usual. The  result was an early supply glut and a collapse in prices to the lowest  level in almost two decades. This type of negative impact on our  fishing industries will become more commonplace as the climate  continues to warm and our marine life is forced to move to new areas.   Outdoor recreation in the Northeast, which will suffer the  consequences of climate change, contributes nearly $150 billion in  consumer spending and supports more than 1 million jobs across our  region. Climate impacts, like beach erosion, are an imminent threat to  this economic powerhouse. Yet perhaps most devastating will be the  impacts on the public's health. According to estimates, up to 10,000  people in Massachusetts could, by the end of the century, visit the  emergency room annually due to the rising heat.   Despite these generational warnings from both the United Nations and  the scientists in our own country, President Trump has continued to  dismiss the impending disaster from our dangerously warming planet.   How did President Trump respond when asked about the conclusion that  climate change could devastate the American economy?   His answer: ``I don't believe it.''   Well, it doesn't matter, Mr. President, if you don't believe it  because the world's leading scientists have shown it to be true, and 70  percent of Americans believe it. They believe global warming is  happening.   President Trump may deny climate science, but there is no denying the  consequences of climate change. Yet the Trump administration will not  stop at climate denial. It has a much more insidious scheme to block  action on climate--deny, delay, and defund. The list of its climate  sins is long, with each action more egregious than the last one.   First came the appointment of an all-star Big Oil Cabinet--Scott  Pruitt at the EPA, former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson at the State  Department, and former Texas Governor Rick Perry at the Department of  Energy.   Since Mr. Pruitt's ouster after numerous ethics violations, the Trump  administration has nominated king coal's favorite son, Andrew Wheeler,  to head the EPA. Mr. Wheeler is a former coal industry lobbyist and has  downplayed the recent science on the devastating impacts to come from  climate change. After these reports came out, he said: ``I have some  questions about the assumptions.'' These are assumptions that have been  vetted by 300 leading scientists in the United States and across the  planet.   The only question, I believe, is why someone like Andrew Wheeler was  put in charge at the EPA. A coal lobbyist is now the head of the EPA.  The EPA just turned into every polluter's ally. That is the net result  of what Donald Trump has done at the Agency.   The Trump administration is also moving to freeze fuel economy  standards rather than pushing for the historic and technically  achievable goal of 54.5 miles per gallon by the year 2025. I am the  author of the 2007 law that required the first fuel economy increase in  32 years. Increasing our fuel economy standard to 54.5 miles per gallon  is the single largest action that any nation has ever taken on  climate--that one law. Yet the Trump administration is trying to make a  U-turn on those standards that are saving customers money at the pump  and reducing the emissions we pump into the air.   The Trump administration is also trying to repeal President Obama's  Clean Power Plan. Turning our back on this roadmap for reducing  pollution in the electricity sector will result in at least 12 times  more carbon dioxide emissions over the next decade.   Why is the Trump administration taking us backward on climate in the  face of these dire warnings? Just follow the money.   Yesterday, during the weekly Senate Climate Change Task Force  meeting, Senator Whitehouse, Senator Cardin, other colleagues, and I  heard about the complex funding behind the climate countermovement,  which the fossil fuel industry has funded and used to mislead the  American people and to hold this administration hostage.   The ``web of climate denial'' is nothing more than dirty energy  corporations and their shady front groups spending over a quarter of a  billion dollars each year to deceive Americans about climate change.  These corporations distort scientific consensus and turn it into an  artificial political debate. They produce sham scientific documents,  such as ``Why Scientists Disagree About Global Warning,'' a report  published by the Heartland Institute and sent to over 300,000 science  teachers across the country. Funding 300,000 documents to be sent to  every science teacher in America over science that is patently untrue-- that is how much money the fossil fuel industry has. That is how high  they try to send up a smoke screen around this issue to terrify  teachers that they might be getting in trouble if they actually teach  accurate science rather than the bogus documents that are sent to them  by the fossil fuel industry, by their handmaidens, the Heartland  Institute.   These fossil fuel phonies are on a mission to sow doubt, and their  efforts seem to be bearing fruit in this administration. The web of  denial messaging strategy is highly sophisticated, disciplined, and  politically controlled. Conferences, advertisements, websites, talking  heads--this fossil fuel-funded farce may be a well-oiled machine and  well funded, but they are wrong.   What do we do in the face of this web of denial? We need to look at  the dollars and cents of it all--not the Big Oil and King Coal  greenbacks but the success of green energy.   We are ushering our power sector into a clean energy future that is  good for our environment and good for our economy. Coal cannot compete  against wind, solar, and other renewables and natural gas in the free  market. By the early 2020s, it could be cheaper to build new renewables  from scratch than to continue operating old, dirty, coal-fired  powerplants. That is not a conspiracy; that is called competition. Adam  Smith is smiling in his grave, watching this market force begin to take  over. And that is why this renewable revolution has become unstoppable.  It is because the cost of renewables is plummeting. The cost of solar  has fallen 50 to 60 percent over the last 5 to 6 years. In fact, wind  and solar are generally cheaper than coal and nuclear energy right now.  Coal is losing the war against wind and solar in the free market. That  is what we call it--the free market. The War on Coal is a war that has  been declared by the free market on coal, and it lost that war.   It is not just happening here in the United States; it is happening  all around the globe. Mexico had a power auction at the end of November  2017 where the average price for solar was 1.9 cents per kilowatt hour.  In 2017, solar in Saudi Arabia came in at 1.8 cents a kilowatt hour. In  Dubai, it is 2.4 cents a kilowatt hour.   Half of all electricity installed around the world last year was  renewable. Let me say that again. Half of all new electrical generation  capacity in the world that was installed last year was renewable. So it  is not just the United States; this is happening globally. The  revolution is on.   Renewable energy deployment around the world has increased by 8  percent a year for 7 years in a row. Globally, more than $330 billion  was invested in clean energy last year. This is a global clean energy  race. It is a global job-creation race. It is a global clean energy  investment race. We are going to save all of creation by engaging in  massive job creation, as we have all of these people who are hired in  order to install these new technologies.   Right now, we have more than 50,000 megawatts of solar installed here  in the United States. By 2020, we are projected to have more than  90,000 megawatts of solar. Solar is projected to add another 35,000  megawatts combined in 2021 and 2022. That means that by the end of  2022--4 years from now--we are going to have 250,000 megawatts of wind  and solar in the United States.   If you think of a nuclear powerplant having 1,000 megawatts--the  Seabrook  [[Page S7174]]  nuclear powerplant, the Diablo Canyon nuclear powerplant--think of 250  solar and wind facilities. That would be the equivalent of each one of  those nuclear powerplants. That is what we are talking about.   By the year 2020, we will have 500,000 people employed in the wind  and solar industry. Contrast that with the 50,000 people in the coal  industry. By 2020, there will be 500,000 in wind and solar. Who are  they? They are roofers. They are electricians. They are engineers. They  are people who are working with their hands to install all of this  equipment.   The President doesn't seem to really care about those blue-collar  workers--upwards of 500,000 by the year 2020--but they are working  hard, they are working for good wages, and they are also not running  the risk of inhaling dangerous air that can be dangerous to their  health. That is where we are. We have this incredible opportunity that  is before us. It is already happening. The President is in denial.   The climate change fight is not just a question of job creation or  economic imperative; it is about the moral imperative we have to act.  We know climate change will get worse. We know lives will be lost. We  cannot sit back and do nothing.   In 2015, Pope Francis came to Capitol Hill, and he delivered his  environmental ``Sermon on the Mount.'' He told us that mankind created  this problem of climate change and now mankind must fix it. With the  world's poorest and most vulnerable suffering the worst consequences of  climate change--extreme poverty, famine, disease, and displacement--we  have a moral obligation to act.   I agree with Pope Francis that the United States and the Congress  have an important role to play. We have a responsibility to help those  less fortunate amongst us who will be harmed the most by rising seas, a  warming planet, and more pollutions spewing into our air and water.  That is why, right now and in the next Congress, I am standing here  with my colleagues in this fight to ensure that we take climate action,  for a price on carbon, for investment in clean energy, for resilient  infrastructure, for 100 percent renewable energy in our country.   If there is a tax extenders bill, we will be fighting for clean  energy tax credits and for extenders to help reduce our carbon  emissions, including for offshore wind, for storage of electricity, and  for clean vehicles. We will be standing side by side in that fight in  2019 on the Senate floor so that we continue this revolution.   If there is an infrastructure package, we will be fighting for  aggressive renewable energy standards for utilities and the Federal  Government and for coastal infrastructure needs.   As we work on appropriations, we will fight for more funding for  energy efficiency and programs that protect the health of children and  families from climate change.   The climate challenges facing our Nation and the entire world are  indeed great, but the United States has the technological imperative to  lead on solutions. We have the economic imperative to create  opportunities and jobs for all people, and we have the moral imperative  to protect our planet for future generations.    The rest the world will not listen to us and follow us if we do not,  in fact, take these actions. You cannot preach temperance from a  barstool. You cannot ask other countries to act when we ourselves are  walking away from the responsibility. That is the moment we are in.   By January 1, 2019, this battle is going to be on. We have been given  the warning, and we are heeding it. We are going to have mighty battles  up here on the floor to make sure that future generations do not look  back at us and wonder why we didn't heed all of those warnings that  were given to us by the smartest scientists on the planet.   Now I would like to yield to my great colleague from the State of New  Hampshire, a woman who has dedicated her career to the issues of clean  energy up in her home State. I give you the great Senator from New  Hampshire, Jeanne Shaheen.   