 Mr. President, it is Thursday, and that means it is  typically time for me to recognize somebody in my State who has made a  big difference for Alaska, sometimes someone who has made a big  difference for America. We like to call that person the Alaskan of the  Week.   For the pages, I know this is your favorite time of the week because  these are usually great stories about great Alaskans, great Americans.  Today, I guarantee you I am not going to disappoint you talking about  another great Alaskan.   I like to brag about Alaska--its beauty, its mystique, its great  people, its vastness, its welcoming communities, its tough people, and  its tough environment. Everybody should visit.   If you are watching, come on up, and come on up in winter, by the  way, not just the summer. The northern lights are out. You can see  them. They are beautiful. We actually get a lot of tourists in the  winter, believe it or not.   There is something else that is very unique about my State, very  special, and it is this: It is one of the most patriotic States in the  entire country. There are more veterans per capita than any State in  America. We like to brag about that. I certainly like to brag about my  constituents who serve in the military and their families' sacrifice.  So many of these veterans--like they do throughout the country, so many  of our Alaskan veterans devote time, energy, and resources to giving  back to the community but to also helping with other veterans.   We all know that a few weeks ago we celebrated Veterans Day. As part  of that celebration and as part of our ``Alaskan of the Week'' series,  I want to recognize today's Alaskan of the Week, Mr. Ron Travis, along  with his wife Linda, and what they have done in terms of spending years  making a difference for American veterans--Alaskan veterans--hundreds,  if not thousands.   Let me tell you a little bit about Ron. He came from a patriotic  family. His father fought in World War II. His mother was a member of  the VFW Auxiliary. In 1961, Ron joined the Navy, where he served from  1960 to 1964 as a machinist's mate, third class, on the USS Providence.  This was a guided-missile cruiser and was the first U.S. Navy ship to  travel up the Saigon River and park in front of Saigon during the  Vietnam war. So he is a Vietnam vet. We love our Vietnam vets.   After he got out of the military, he used the GI bill to go to  college at what was then Eastern Washington College in 1967. There was  a lot of turmoil during that time in our country, particularly on  college campuses. This was during the height of the Vietnam war. There  were a lot of protests.   When he was in college, like so many Vietnam veterans, he was  certainly upset to see a lot of the protests. He was particularly  infuriated to see his professors canceling class so they could join the  protestors. He said: ``A lot of the teachers we had didn't even know  what Vietnam was,'' but they went out and protested.   However, there was a rule on campus that even if one student showed  up for class, the professor couldn't cancel the class to join the  protestors. So Ron and other veterans formed a club. They organized a  club at their university to make sure there was a veteran in every  classroom. It was a pretty good idea--keep the professors doing what  they were supposed to be doing, teaching.   They also helped veterans pay for books they needed and got them help  with their classes. Again, veterans helping veterans is what Ron has  been doing his whole life. It turned into the biggest club on campus.   There was another club on campus--it is kind of infamous--the  Students for a Democratic Society, better known as the SDS. It was not  necessarily the most pro-military group in the country at the time, to  say the least. At one point, they tried to take over the veterans  club's canteen, but that didn't work. As Ron said, ``They forgot one  thing. We would fight for what we believe in.'' We had already done  that.   Now, fortunately, it never came to blows. He is quick to point that  out, but the SDS certainly backed down to Ron's veterans club.   Eventually, Ron made his way up to the great State of Alaska to work  on the Trans-Alaska Pipeline. Like so many people who come up to our  State, he fell in love with it. He brought his  [[Page S7228]]  wife Linda to Alaska to settle. They settled in a wonderful community  called Big Lake--it is about an hour's drive from Anchorage--and they  made a wonderful life for themselves. They built a cabin off the grid.  They raised their kids in Alaska.   Ron worked as a mechanic all across the State, then as a parole  officer. Eventually, he realized he had health issues associated with  the service in Vietnam--exposure to Agent Orange.   The American Legion advocated for him to get help, so he joined the  American Legion--Post 35, in particular--in Wasilla, AK, and began to  get more and more involved in veterans' issues, eventually becoming the  commander of the post.   Then, again, duty called another time for Ron to help with regard to  our veterans.   I say to the Presiding Officer, no doubt you and most other people  watching have heard about this great network of Americans called the  Honor Flight Network. This network has chapters in individual States  that bring veterans to Washington, DC, at no cost to the veteran so  they can visit the memorials that, in many ways, they have dedicated  their lives to--the World War II Memorial, the Korean War Memorial, the  Vietnam Memorial.   It is an outstanding program that started with bringing World War II  veterans here who haven't seen the wonderful World War II Memorial on  the Mall that was built for them and finished in 2004.   Because of Alaska's distance--literally thousands of miles from DC-- we did not have a program. Despite having all of these veterans, we did  not have an Honor Flight Program. Well, guess who changed that. Ron and  his wife Linda.   They were at a veterans facility when they were down in Washington  State visiting Ron's mother in a rest home. At that facility, they met  another veteran. He told him all about the Honor Flight Program and  showed him pictures of a recent trip. He said: Do you know what? Alaska  needs to do this. Alaska needs to do this. Ron said: Someone should  start one. Someone should start one of these programs. He looked at his  wife, and they realized they were going to start it, and the Last  Frontier Honor Flight Program was born.   Two times every year, since 2013, they organize a trip for up to 25  veterans, their escorts, a photographer, a doctor, and two staff  members. They come to Washington, DC, to visit the different memorials  for our veterans living in Alaska--World War II, Korea, and Vietnam.  All told, they have organized trips for 286 veterans. One hundred  fifty-five of them fought in World War II just from Alaska.   It is not an easy flight, especially for some of our older veterans,  but they are all doing it through Ron's and Linda's love and care and  dedication.   His goal is to try to reach out to as many World War II veterans as  they can while they are still with us. Of course, it is a trip of a  lifetime for so many of these veterans. A ``wonderful gift,'' one  veteran called it. Others have referred to it as their ``final  mission.''   Ron says, the veterans often shed tears in front of the World War II  Memorial. ``It takes them by surprise,'' he said. ``They often don't  realize how much they feel'' until they see it. It is a healing mission  and trip for them. They do a lot of things during these trips. ``It's  an honor to be part of it.''   I try to see Ron and his team every time they come to Washington, DC.  We usually greet them with a couple dozen doughnuts when they are out  looking at these wonderful memorials.   Ron recalls one particularly wonderful moment with one of the World  War II veterans he brought from Alaska when he was in front of the  World War II Memorial. He was approached by a woman who was also  visiting the memorial. He saw them talking. Then they hugged. Then they  cried--total strangers. What was going on there?   This woman's parents had been at the concentration camp, Dachau. The  veteran--the World War II veteran, the Alaskan veteran--had been part  of the unit that liberated the camp. Her parents, she said, were in  some ways alive because of what he and his unit did to liberate them.  That happened right here on the Mall--powerful.   Ron credits the community in Alaska for making these trips possible.  Of course, he and Linda are being humble. There has been great  community involvement. Alaska Airlines pays for the flights for the  veterans and offers discounts for the escorts. Various community  organizations and veterans groups and businesses help pay for the hotel  rooms and all of the food. Volunteers and board members come together  to raise money.   The community that helps with these trips includes our Active-Duty  and Reserve Forces in Alaska. Back home, when they come home--many of  whom are in wheelchairs--hundreds of Alaskans come out to greet them in  the airport. It is great. It is wonderful.   It is the community of my State and really the community of this  great country coming together, but it needs leaders. It needs leaders,  and Ron and Linda have been those leaders, founding the Alaska Last  Frontier Honor Flight.   I thank Ron and Linda for their great service to Alaska, great  service to their country, great service to our veterans, for all they  have done, and congratulate them on being our Alaskans of the Week.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my defense  fellow, Amy Williams; my Coast Guard fellow, Thomas Mansour; and my  State Department fellow, Mary Eileen Earl, be granted floor privileges  for the remainder of the Congress.   