 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I find myself in strong agreement with the  comments of the senior Senator from New York State.   He talked about 702. Let me refer to that a bit. Section 702 is in S.  139, the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017. We are going to  vote very soon on whether to cut off debate and block any amendments on  a fundamentally flawed piece of legislation that fails to reform one of  our most important surveillance tools.   Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act was intended to provide for  vast and powerful surveillance of foreigners overseas who might do harm  to us, and it does, but the fact that it is an effective surveillance  tool used against foreigners abroad is not the concern you will hear  about today.   Today, you are going to hear concern that Section 702 has also become  an unexpected and powerful domestic surveillance tool--not one directed  at those abroad who might do us harm, but potentially directed at every  single American in this room and throughout this country, allowing the  government to search for Americans' emails and other substantive  communications without a warrant--the so-called backdoor loophole.   If we put through here legislation saying- this legislation will  allow our government to search all our emails without a warrant,  Republicans and Democrats will be jumping up saying: Wait a minute.  That violates the Fourth Amendment.   Well, the legislation we are voting on today--authored by the  Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes--contains  what his supporters portray as a fig leaf of reform, but, in fact, the  legislation makes a bad problem even worse.   I will oppose cutting off debate on this bill, and I strongly urge my  fellow Senators to do the same--not to kill the bill but to afford us,  on such a critical surveillance tool, the opportunity to debate the  constitutional implications and offer amendments to improve the bill  and to protect Americans in every single State in this country. The  Majority Leader has provided no such opportunity. He doesn't want us to  offer any amendments--even amendments we know could pass with a  bipartisan majority.   Senator Lee and I are filing several amendments to improve this bill,  including our USA Liberty Act. That is a Senate companion to a bill  that was reported out of the House Judiciary Committee in a strong and  very bipartisan vote. Our amendment offers a sensible compromise. It  would protect national security--something we all want to do--but it  also protects American civil liberties, which I would hope we also want  to do.   I strongly support a warrant requirement based on Senator Feinstein's  amendment in the Senate Intelligence Committee that would close the  backdoor loophole. These amendments, and others offered by Senators  Paul and Wyden and others, deserve a vote. And that is what I am asking  for today. Senator Lee and Senator Paul have spoken so strongly on the  problems in this. They ought to be heard. They ought to have a chance  to offer amendments.   Instead, the only bill we are voting on today is the House bill,  which fails to comply with the fundamental constitutional imperative. I  think we can do better in the Senate than to accept a flawed House  bill. Do not be deceived by the sham warrant contained in the Nunes  bill. Again, that is why we should have a Senate bill that speaks to  those things we know as Senators and not the flawed warrant in the  Nunes bill.   Its exemptions are so large as to render it meaningless. The bill  would require a warrant only during the final stage of a criminal  investigation and only when the government believes national security  or risk to life or bodily harm are not implicated at some undefined  point in time. In all other cases, and at previous points in an  investigation, the government can search for an American's information  in the Section 702 database just as frequently and casually as we might  look up football scores on Google.   Yet, even if it is completely ineffectual, the Nunes bill has a  warrant requirement. That means the sponsors of this flawed legislation  acknowledge that some sort of warrant is required to protect Americans'  privacy. They recognize that a search through a vast database of  Americans' communications can trigger Fourth Amendment protections, at  least when it is convenient to the government.   The problem is, the Constitution doesn't say: We protect Americans'  rights only if it is convenient to the government. The reason they  wrote the Constitution is to make sure every one of us has protections  against the government.   When a Fourth Amendment interest is implicated, the government can  easily obtain a warrant. They are going to come search your home. They  are going to come search your files. They are going to come and search  your papers. They should have to have a warrant. The Fourth Amendment  either applies or it does not. If it does not, then let's have a  constitutional amendment and do away with it. Nobody here would vote  for that.   Even the sponsors of the Nunes bill now agree the Fourth Amendment  applies. The only question is whether we have a real warrant  requirement or a warrant in name only. Simply calling something a  warrant doesn't make it that.   I firmly believe a real warrant requirement doesn't have to put our  national security at risk. The reform proposals I support contain well- tried exemptions for exigent circumstances to allow for emergencies.  For these reasons and others, I strongly support a warrant requirement  to close the backdoor loophole. I think my fellow Senators, Republicans  and Democrats, ought to be allowed to at least have a vote on it. If  they don't, I would urge my colleagues of the Senate to vote no on  invoking cloture on the FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act.  [[Page S176]]    Section 702 authorities can be temporarily extended as they were in  December. In fact, the FISA Court's statutorily authorized  certifications that permit 702 surveillance don't expire until the end  of April. There is no emergency now. We still have the time and the  ability to get this right.   Let's protect the Constitution. Let's protect Americans. The Majority  Leader should do his part and allow members of both sides of the aisle  who care deeply about this issue to offer amendments before any long- term authorization. I agree Section 702 is an important tool, but this  issue is too important to rush through without adequate debate. I  firmly believe we can both protect our national security and the civil  liberties of law-abiding Americans. This bill clearly falls short, and  I will be voting no.   I yield the floor.   