 Mr. President, the deeply misguided vote to move forward  on Brett Kavanaugh's nomination has taken the Senate a step closer to a  moment that will cause enormous pain for millions of Americans,  particularly women and survivors of assault.   Some may say that the Senate is rolling back the clock on women in  America by confirming Brett Kavanaugh. After seeing what has happened  to the women who have spoken out and talking to women in Oregon, I  question how much the clock ever ticked forward. Indeed, this process  has shone a spotlight on the double standard women across this country  face just so they will be believed.   On the other hand, Dr. Ford never wanted any of this. The way she has  been treated by Republicans in the Senate and the President of the  United States is inexcusable. In one of the most un-Presidential  speeches I have ever seen or heard, the President belittled a survivor  in front of a crowd of thousands.   Dr. Ford came to us as a citizen who was doing her civic duty to  provide the Senate with crucial information about a nominee before us.  She called the front desk of her Congressperson; she didn't run to the  news media or the cable shows or try to sell a book. She volunteered to  tell her story under oath. She recounted the details of her assault in  18 minutes of testimony that will not soon be forgotten. It was  heartbreaking to watch. At times, it was just excruciating.   What did Dr. Ford get for her courage? She was put on trial by the  Republicans on the Judiciary Committee, who actually hired an  experienced prosecutor to grill her. The questioning was clearly  designed to tar Dr. Ford as a political pawn. It attempted to  delegitimize the trauma caused by her assault. It attempted to paint  her as a liar.   It was stunning how little of the questioning Republicans subjected  her to was focused on what Brett Kavanaugh did on the night in  question. It is clear now that the focus was on undermining Dr. Ford's  story and destroying her credibility. But Dr. Ford's credibility held  up. I have said that I can't imagine a more credible witness, nor can I  imagine how difficult it must have been for her to relive that  experience and maintain such extraordinary composure. What she did took  unknowable strength. Her testimony, delivered under what amounted to  prosecution, was unforgettable. She is trained in psychology. She was  even forced to act as the expert witness in her own trial, diagnosing  the lifelong effects of her own trauma. She explained to the committee  how memories of traumatic events implant themselves on the brain.   At one point, she described what she remembered most about the  assault by Mr. Kavanaugh and Mark Judge. She answered, delivering on  her training, that ``indelible in the hippocampus is the laughter.''   I believe Dr. Ford when she says she was assaulted in that room in  1982. I believe Dr. Ford when she says that her attackers locked the  door, a hand was pressed over her mouth, and she feared for her life. I  believe her when she says she remembers them laughing.   For all the grueling prosecution the Republicans put Dr. Ford  through, it is important to compare that to the treatment of Brett  Kavanaugh. When it was Kavanaugh's turn to deliver testimony, he was  seething. He was raging in a manner completely unbecoming a Federal  judge. He behaved in a manner that directly contradicted what Brett  Kavanaugh said in a widely publicized speech a judge should be all  about. In his own words, Mr. Kavanaugh said judges need to keep their  emotions in check, to be calm amidst the storm. Mr. Kavanaugh failed  his own test--his own test--last week. He offered the most partisan  testimony I can recall when he talked about the Clintons and said  ``what goes around comes around.''   Imagine if a female nominee had snapped at a male Senator about his  drinking habits. The President of the Senate is an experienced judge  and prosecutor. I am telling you, if a female nominee had done that,  game over right there--right there. There again, you have the double  standard.   When a few questions posed by the Republican prosecutor actually got  to relevant questions, the majority side of the committee told her to  just take off.   For that to be the only hearing on these allegations I think is just  plain disgraceful. The committee should not have moved on to the vote.  The allegations brought forward demanded a robust investigation. Yet  the Senate has ended up light-years away from that. What kind of  investigation looks to settle matters and doesn't interview the accuser  and the accused? That just doesn't pass the smell test.   This is not about tarnishing Brett Kavanaugh's reputation or digging  up salacious details from his high school days. The accusations against  Mr. Kavanaugh and the possibility of perjury--both of which he denies-- relate directly to his binge drinking and sexual behavior. That is why  the FBI background check should have been a robust inquiry into those  matters. It is clear now that didn't happen. You ask yourself, why not?  It is hard to find an explanation other than the investigation was  handcuffed to predetermine the outcome.   Dr. Ford has said publicly that the FBI didn't talk to her, and they  didn't look at the therapy notes she offered to turn over. They didn't  talk to Mr. Kavanaugh. They didn't talk to the dozens of individuals  who Deborah Ramirez said could potentially corroborate her story. They  closed the investigation a full day ahead of the arbitrary deadline,  and it is not clear why.   Based on that, in my view, this investigation was a whitewash. It was  not legitimate. It was the product of intense political meddling, in my  view, by the Trump administration. That means, if Brett Kavanaugh's  nomination is confirmed, there are going to be questions about his  legitimacy looming large for years to come.  [[Page S6572]]    I believe Dr. Ford. I have heard the Presiding Officer discussing  this this morning on television. I respectfully would say I know the  Presiding Officer doesn't share my view. But I felt that Brett  Kavanaugh's behavior before the Senate last week ought to be  disqualifying on its own. If you compare what he said last week to what  he wrote ought to be the requirements for how a judge behaves, there is  a very large gap between what Brett Kavanaugh said ought to be expected  of a judge's behavior and what we saw last week when he testified.   From the time his nomination was announced, Kavanaugh portrayed  himself as a trustworthy individual who had the kind of levelheaded  temperament Americans expect and deserve from members of the judiciary.  My view was that appearance last week before the committee my colleague  serves on was a textbook case of raw partisanship.   In his afternoon testimony last week, Brett Kavanaugh was disdainful  and sarcastic toward the Democratic Senators who questioned him. Brett  Kavanaugh responded to what he considered to be unsubstantiated  allegations by making truly unsubstantiated allegations of his own.  Without any evidence, he declared the credible accusations that had  been brought forward a ``calculated and orchestrated political hit'' by  the Democrats. He pushed these baseless, conspiratorial comments about  how this was all just revenge for the Clintons. And in a tone that just  struck me as dripping with menace, he just said: ``What goes around  comes around.''   If you look last week at how he presented himself to the chairman of  the Senate's committee, I think you have to ask yourself: How can  anybody expect that Brett Kavanaugh would offer a fair hearing in a  politically charged case?   My conclusion, based on what I have described, is pretty simple. You  just do not get to behave the way Brett Kavanaugh behaved last week and  get to serve on the United States Supreme Court.   Finally, my concerns go further than the temper tantrum we saw last  week. There is hard evidence that shows that Brett Kavanaugh lied  repeatedly and on a variety of subjects. For example, just yesterday,  there was new evidence in scores of emails that the nominee lied about  his involvement in government wiretapping programs.   The Presiding Officer of the Senate has been very gracious over the  years in talking to me about these issues. He knows I care deeply, as a  member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, about government  wiretapping programs. I am here this afternoon to say I am not alone.  Millions of Americans care about this issue. As I have said in my  conversations with the Presiding Officer of the Senate, security and  liberty are not mutually exclusive. You can have both.   What these emails--scores of them yesterday--prove is there is new  evidence that Brett Kavanaugh did not tell the truth about his  involvement in government wiretapping programs. There is hard evidence  that shows he lied about using stolen documents, hard evidence that  shows he lied about his involvement in the confirmation process of  certain Bush nominees, hard evidence about the statements made by the  other individuals who were present at the party where Dr. Ford was  assaulted, hard evidence the nominee lied about when he learned of the  second set of allegations made against him. The nominee even lied about  small stuff. When you can't trust somebody to tell the truth, they  don't belong on the Supreme Court.   It is important, before I wrap this up, to take a hard look at what  has happened to the Court over the last few years. In 2016, Senate  Republicans blocked a mainstream nominee to the Court--an individual  who many Republicans had praised extensively--extensively--in the past.  They held a Supreme Court seat open for nearly a year until a  Republican President picked someone to their liking.   In 2018, the Trump White House interfered with the vetting of a  second nominee, hiding key information from the Senate and the American  people.   The floor debate on this nomination is going to be cut off before all  the questions about sexual misconduct can be answered and before the  statements I have outlined here today--ones where there is hard  evidence--can be examined for perjury. These actions by the Republicans  and the Trump White House, in my view, are taking a sledgehammer to the  public's trust in the Court as an institution.   The Court used to have a healthy separation from the partisan battles  that take place here in the Congress. I heard my colleague talking  about that this morning on television. That healthy separation doesn't  exist today. I just say, we have a lot of heavy lifting to do in the  U.S. Senate to revive the vision of the Supreme Court held by the  Founding Fathers after what has happened.   I am going to close by going back to the question of whether anything  has changed since 1991 and the tragedy of Professor Hill. When  Professor Hill testified in 1991, she was dragged through the mud. She  was called a scorned woman. Perhaps you can say it represents some  measure of progress that Dr. Ford wasn't slandered and insulted in  quite the same way. But I don't know how much that matters if this  nominee is confirmed.   The language used during the debate might sound different, but the  outcome is the same. The failure by my colleagues on the other side to  step back, suspend the partisan warfare, and recognize the seriousness  and legitimacy of this information, in my view, will go down over time  as a historic disappointment.   This was never a smear campaign. It wasn't a political hit job. Dr.  Ford came forward out of a sense of civic duty. She knew the sacrifice  she faced, and she wondered to herself if it would really make a  difference. Why suffer through annihilation if it will not matter, she  asked. Over and over again, she told us she only wanted to be helpful.  I have never seen a witness--like my colleague presiding today, I have  seen a lot of witnesses. She was a textbook case of being courteous,  always saying: What can I do to be helpful?   Senators ought to consider the dangerous signal being sent to  survivors of assault and to young people across the country from this  debate. Dr. Ford wasn't on trial; nonetheless, she was prosecuted by  the majority party. She got smeared as a political pawn, a liar,  belittled, with her accusations dismissed by many almost immediately.   I made notion of how, a few days ago, the President mocked Dr. Ford,  mocked her in front of thousands. What a cruel and un-Presidential  moment. If the mockery and dismissiveness are not bad enough--if they  weren't bad enough, there is the return of the sickening old notion  that boys will be boys, what happened in the bedroom was  ``roughhousing,'' and what happened was just too long ago. Today,  survivors from sea to shining sea are asking: How are we going to be  heard? How will we find justice?   I fear many survivors are going to conclude that coming forward with  their story is going to be pointless, and there is very little  likelihood of justice--very little likelihood of justice. Even if you  are strong, composed, and constantly courteous, it will not help.   On the other hand, the signal to boys is this: Even if you engage in  violence against women and lie about your conduct, the power structure  is going to step up and protect you. The Senate has to be better than  this.   I hope Senators are going to recognize that it is time to take these  horribly outdated attitudes towards women and sweep them out like the  cobwebs from an abandoned theater stage and start over. It can begin by  rejecting this nomination today.   I will be voting no.   I yield the floor.   