 Thank you, Mr. President.   I am honored to rise after my distinguished colleagues from Minnesota  and Illinois to issue a simple demand: We must act now to pass  legislation protecting the Dreamers against mass, draconian  deportation. We must act now effectively, not cosmetically or  superficially. We must act now without unacceptable preconditions and  hostage-taking amendments that cut immigration--a betrayal of our  American values.   We cannot ask Dreamers to languish in uncertainty any longer. These  young people are Americans in all but name. They grew up in this  country, and they went to our schools. They serve in our military and  support our economy. They epitomize the American dream. These young  people work hard, and they give back. Deporting Dreamers would be  cruel, irrational, inhumane, and very simply repugnant to the American  values that every Member of this Chamber holds dear.   When DACA was adopted in 2012, it changed the lives of these young  people. It opened new doors to opportunity. Dreamers could come out of  the shadows. They could use driver's licenses, attend college, and  fully participate in our economy.   When DACA was adopted, we made a promise to the Dreamers. We promised  that if they come forward and provide the U.S. Government with their  most basic personal and private information, this information will  never be used against them. We assured them that they have a place in  this country. Now, with the complicity of this body, that promise is  about to be broken. I say ``complicity'' because the President, in  September, is the one who committed the act of breaking that promise by  saying that he was going to end the DACA Program, and he gave Congress  6 months to remedy that broken promise. He threw to Congress a ticking  time bomb that literally would rip apart the lives of 800,000 or 1.8  million--the numbers vary; the principle is the same. Ripping apart  their lives would be the consequence.   I have said it before, and I am going to say it again. Great  countries do not break their promises. The United States is the  greatest country in the history of the world. We should not be breaking  our promises. We should not even threaten to break our promises to  innocent young people, men and women who know only this country and  whose whole lives are here.   The President's decision to rescind DACA threatens to tear them away  from their families, their jobs, and their communities, where they make  a difference for the better. It is threatening their lives with total  disarray, forcing them to go back to countries where they barely lived  and have no life. It derails their future. We are a country better than  this kind of inhumanity.   I want to talk again about Jonathan Gonzales-Cruz, a college student  at Southern Connecticut State University. He is shown here, and I am  behind him. He was attending a rally in support of the Dreamers, but I  had the privilege of meeting Jonathan well before this rally. He shared  his story with me, and I shared it with this Chamber in January.    Jonathan was born in Mexico. He came to the United States when he was  just 4 years old. The United States is his home. It is the only country  he has ever known. He is set to graduate this spring with honors in  economics and math after receiving a full scholarship to attend  Southern Connecticut State University.   Like many, due to the President's recision of DACA and this Chamber's  [[Page S699]]  failure to act, which is complicity, Jonathan has been compelled to  delay his dream of continuing his education and attending law school.  However, Jonathan hasn't abandoned his steadfast commitment to helping  others and giving back to Connecticut and this Nation.   I recently had the honor of writing a letter of recommendation on his  behalf in his pursuit of a public policy fellowship. Despite the  uncertainty around his own immigration status, Jonathan believes so  much in this country and our ideals that he continues to seek out  opportunities to give back. That is the purpose of his fellowship, and  that is the reason I wrote a letter of recommendation.   He first became compelled to tell his story after his father was  deported. He was unable to even say goodbye before his father was  ripped away from his family.   If Congress fails to act, Jonathan could lose his DACA protection. He  could be one of those 800,000 who have legally told the government  where they are, what they are doing, how to call them, and he could be  deported--one of 800,000 who could be swept away in a mass deportation,  unprecedented in this great country.   In the meantime, he is anguished and anxious, as are many other DACA  young people who are afraid to go to school or to health clinics or to  courts or police stations if they are victims of crimes, such as  domestic violence. My office meets with countless numbers of them from  Connecticut and across the country. Like Jonathan, they are at risk of  losing those DACA protections. They have become moms and dads and  leaders in our communities.   Congress must do its job. Congress must act, and it must act now to  provide permanent status and a path to citizenship for Jonathan and  1.3, 1.8 million Dreamers in this Nation.   Due to a Federal court order, the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration  Services, USCIS, has been ordered to accept renewal applications for  DACA recipients. Once again, the courts have been a bulwark for  individual rights and liberties, but this reprieve is no final remedy.  We must redouble our determination to assist these young people and  protect them, which must be done right away because deportation is a  continuing threat. President Trump's cruel and unconscionable decision  to end this program is intolerable, but so is our complicity if we fail  to act.   DACA protections are set to expire in less than a month. There is no  more kicking the can down the road. The ticking time bomb thrown by  President Trump into this Chamber is set to explode. We have the power  to defuse it and to end this awful menace. Refusing to do so would be a  grave abdication of responsibility.   Acting now in the service of the American dream is not only the right  thing to do, it is in our self-interest to do so. It is in our self- interest in a basic economic sense. In reality, these young people are  integral to our economy. If Congress fails to pass the DACA bill, we  will lose $500 billion over the next 10 years. We will lose $25 billion  in Medicare and Social Security taxes. In my home State alone, we stand  to lose more than $300 million a year.   Now is the time to abandon the myth that the Dreamers work on the  sidelines of American society. They are part of the economic fabric as  well as the social tapestry of this Nation. They help drive our  economy. They are small business owners. They are physicians,  scientists, and teachers. Continued waiting would mean instability in  the job market as companies are forced to fire DACA recipients and  train new people in anticipation of the March deadline. As I said  before, forcing these outstanding members of our community to leave  would be a logistical and humanitarian nightmare.   Time is not on our side. If Congress passes a DACA bill, USCIS will  need to develop new regulations. It will have to process applications.  It will have to set up the bureaucratic structure and rules of  procedure. We cannot delay because the Dreamers stand to lose their  protections simply by the passage of time.   Contributing members of our society, like Jonathan, who have done  nothing wrong, have no criminal record, will be dragged back into the  shadows. They will be unable to attend our colleges, work in jobs. Once  again, they will dread the sound of police sirens.   The character of our Nation, who we are, is at stake. So many  Americans relate to the story of these Dreamers because they can see  themselves through their eyes. They can see their own immigrant story  in Jonathan. So many of us--my family included--came to this country  with hopes for a better life and a future. Jonathan had no choice; he  was brought here as a child. But the American dream belongs to him too.   We must pass DACA legislation now.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   