 Mr. President, I join my colleagues on the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee and under the leadership of Senator Menendez to  point out that now--I guess it has been 14 months under President  Trump's leadership--we have seen a dramatic shift in U.S. foreign  policy that jeopardizes our standing globally and our national  security. It starts with this administration's hollowing out the State  Department and our capacity to participate in diplomacy.   As my colleagues have pointed out, so many vacancies exist today,  unfilled by this administration. It is not the slowness of the Senate  in confirming the positions. Many of these positions are not even  positions that require Senate confirmation. We have seen an exodus of  the most experienced people in the State Department, and the capacity  of the State Department has been dramatically reduced. President  Trump's budget speaks volumes about his support for diplomacy, as we  see 30-percent reductions in the State Department budget being proposed  by this administration.   The role of diplomacy in solving international issues is at an all- time low. There are many times I disagreed with Secretary Tillerson,  but he at least was an independent voice in the White House as it  related to certain issues on Iran or climate change. Now his voice has  been silenced in this administration.   America first is America alone. It is the isolation of our country.  We have seen that with the United States under  [[Page S1822]]  President Trump and pulling out of the climate talks--the only country  in the world. We see it now, potentially, in Iran, with reports that  the President may unilaterally withdraw the United States from the  nuclear agreement, putting the United States as the outlier where we  should be putting our attention on Iran. This is reflected in the  Gallup polls, showing that the global opinion toward the United States  has dropped dramatically. We see the President embracing oppressive  leaders around the world, such as the leaders of Russia, China, Turkey,  and Egypt, and embracing the autocratic practices of the President of  the Philippines. Then, he attacks our closest allies, calling into  question the transatlantic partnership.   Perhaps more than anything else, this administration has trampled on  America's values. As Secretary Tillerson said early in this  administration, America's interests will no longer be dictated by our  values. That is not what the trademark of America is about. The  President over and over has questioned universally what America stands  for when he gave space to hate in his response to Charlottesville and  when he implies that people who come to our country of certain  religions or certain races are less favored than others. When he  suggests he cannot have a conflict because he is President of the  United States and does not have to divest of his business interests or  when he says things that we know are not true and the President of the  United States is standing up for matters that are outright lies, it  diminishes the value and strength of America and our global leadership.    One issue I want to talk about in the time I have is that of ignoring  one of our greatest national security threats--what Russia is doing to  the United States under Mr. Putin. We just saw in Russia's most recent  election that it was neither free nor fair. The opposition candidates  were not allowed to participate, as they were handpicked by Mr. Putin,  and he controlled the media. As the OSCE observed, the election took  place in an overly controlled legal environment, and it had pressure on  the critical voices of the Russian people.   We find a Russia today under Mr. Putin that is contrary to the values  we stand for. In January, I authored a report on Russia, with the other  Democrats on the committee, that talked about the asymmetric arsenal  Mr. Putin uses that includes propaganda. We saw this on display when he  was asked about what happened in the United States. According to the  transcript, as reported by the Washington Post, these are Mr. Putin's  own words: ``Maybe they're not even Russians,'' in his talking about  who attacked our country and referring to those behind the election  interference. ``Maybe they're Ukrainian, Tatars, Jews--just with  Russian citizenship.'' He also speculated that France, Germany, or Asia  might have interfered in the election or even Russians who were paid by  the U.S. Government.   That type of rhetoric is straight out of the Soviet and Russian  playbook to cast Jews and other minorities as undesirables--enemies of  the state. As an American Jew who has family roots in Eastern Europe  and Russia, I find that kind of rhetoric to be dangerous and  frightening, but at its most basic, such rhetoric is part of Mr.  Putin's grand design. That is what he does.   We saw it play out in the UK just 2 weeks ago when a person was  poisoned in England who was an enemy of Mr. Putin's. We see it play out  over and over again. Prime Minister May spoke out. She called it for  what it was. She sent a clear signal to Moscow that that type of  behavior by the Russian state against the British people would not be  tolerated and that there would be consequences. This is how a leader of  a great nation should speak out in defense of its people to counter a  major threat from a global adversary.   Yet what happened here in Washington with the threat we saw to our  own country by Mr. Putin? The President has said virtually nothing. His  spokesperson condemned the crime but ignored that likely Russian link.  The Secretary of State later did what the President could not or would  not do by calling out the Russians. Maybe that was his swan song  because it was the last thing we heard before he was silenced by Mr.  Trump.   Never before in America's history has such a clear threat to our  national security been so clearly ignored by the President of the  United States. The President's difficulty in publicly acknowledging the  Russia threat and leading our country forward to combat that threat is  one of the most perplexing and reckless pieces of Mr. Trump's  disastrous foreign policy. We in Congress took action. We passed  legislation. We passed mandatory sanctions against Russia. Yet this  administration has not taken full advantage of the law we passed. The  President needs to protect America's interests, not appease Mr. Putin.   Congress's role in shaping and advancing U.S. foreign policy has  never been more important. I will continue to advance legislation,  conduct oversight, and speak out about these important issues in the  name of the American people and the values and norms that define us and  our place in this complicated world. I am proud to be a part of the  group of Senators who will stand on this floor and work to make sure we  protect our national security interests.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I take this time because I think this  issue is an extremely important issue. I am talking about the authority  of the Congress of the United States versus the President on the  introduction of our troops into war or hostilities. This has been a  struggle we have been debating for a long time. Congress passed the War  Powers Act over the objections of the President because we recognize  that the Constitution gives us the power to introduce troops into  harm's way.   The resolution says very clearly that the introduction of the U.S.  Armed Forces into hostilities will allow Congress to have an expedited  process if the administration has not gotten the authorization for the  use of that military force. The Supreme Court decision made it very  difficult for us to enforce that, causing us to pass, in the State  Department authorization, a process in which a joint resolution could  be filed in order for Congress to express itself if the President has  not sought the authorization for the use of military force.   We now have a circumstance where the United States, in my view--the  President has introduced American troops into hostilities by assisting  the Saudis in refueling missions in regard to the campaign in Yemen. To  me, that is introducing troops. Whether it is right or wrong, Congress  has a responsibility to respond to this. I say that knowing that our  Presiding Officer has been very articulate about the need for us to  pass an authorization for the use of military force in regard to our  campaign against ISIS.   Here is the challenge we have. The administration and previous  administrations have interpreted hostilities in such a narrow way, it  would take away  [[Page S1825]]  from Congress our ability to have the authorization for the  introduction of American troops into hostile circumstances. Yet compare  that with this administration's and previous administrations'  interpretations of the 2001 authorization for use of military force,  which we passed after the attack on our country on 9/11. They would  have you believe that authorization, which was limited to those who  planned the attack against us in 9/11, applies to our military campaign  against ISIS in Syria or ISIS in Yemen or wherever we may find ISIS  anywhere in the world. I think that is an absurd interpretation.   Yes, I know the distinguished chairman of the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee is on the floor. I think our committee needs to  take up this issue. We need to take up what is happening in Yemen with  our support of the Saudis and what is happening in regard to the  authorization for the use of military force. But this campaign has been  going on for a long time. Congress needs to weigh in whether we are for  or against it. We need to exert our jurisdiction, and we haven't done  that. It is very frustrating that those of us who believe very deeply  in our constitutional responsibilities, assume that responsibility--and  I have a lot of confidence in the distinguished chairman of the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee, but I question whether we are going to get  more time in the future to debate this issue. I know the chairman will  give us time in committee, but will we have time on the floor of the  Senate to debate this issue? I think we need to debate it and vote up  or down whether American troops should be assisting in this mission.   With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.   