 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for recognizing me and  for the opportunity to speak, and my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle for the efforts that they have put into the Palliative Care  and Hospice Education and Training Act.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill, because hospice  and palliative care is an underutilized piece of medical treatment in  America. This bill is designed to promote not only the care that is  provided under palliative and hospice care, but also to empower the  workforce of today and tomorrow to provide these critical healthcare  delivery systems to our aging population, to our family members, and to  our dear fellow citizens.   Mr. Speaker, I am strongly in support of this legislation, because  this is something that is personal, as I lost my mom 9 months to the  day she was diagnosed with lymphoma and passed in my arms. The woman  who taught me how to live, and my 11 older brothers and sisters, also  taught me how to die.   We in America need to have a conversation across this entire Nation  about how important it is to recognize that we are all mortal and that,  at the end of our life, we need to face that critical question of what  type of healthcare we want to receive to make sure that our quality of  life is preserved and the quantity of life is extended as much as  possible in order to enjoy that life.   Under this act, Mr. Speaker, one of the key components of it is to  provide the professionalism that is necessary to have that conversation  with families, with children like myself in that situation. I hope that  we will have this conversation with our loved ones much sooner rather  than at that end of times.   By engaging in this legislation, Mr. Speaker, we will promote  palliative and hospice care, and make sure that all Americans know that  this care is available to them. Not only will it allow them to enjoy  peace in their final days, but it will provide a quality of life that  no other care that I know of does. That is palliative and hospice care  to make you comfortable and enjoy your loved ones as we end our time on  this Earth.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and  join us in this effort.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. McClintock for yielding me such  time as I may consume to address the subject matter of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, for once on this floor, this is a laughing matter. The  purpose of this bill is to officially designate the National Comedy  Center in Jamestown, New York, as the National Comedy Center for the  United States of America.   Mr. Speaker, our country doesn't currently have a national center to  recognize comedy and the important role it plays in American culture. I  can think of no better place for such a center than in our district in  the city of Jamestown, the birthplace of Lucille Ball.   Across the country and all over the world, people recognize Lucille  Ball and ``I love Lucy'' as one of the most  [[Page H6629]]  popular television shows of all time. The National Comedy Center will  celebrate her impact and many others in the world of comedy when it  hosts this August the Lucille Ball Comedy Festival for the grand  opening of the National Comedy Center.   All jokes aside, Mr. Speaker, this museum is much bigger than one  person in Lucille Ball. This is about comedians who have practiced  their art and have celebrated the healing aspects of humor in our  society. With more than 50 exhibits that engage and excite, this museum  is the first of its kind dedicated to celebrating comedy in all its  forms and the people who share the laughter it brings.   It is the Cooperstown of baseball, the Dayton of pro football, and  the Cleveland of Rock and Roll.   I would like to thank the men and women whose hard work and  dedication to the National Comedy Center have gotten us here. In  particular, I would like to thank all those who made the National  Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York, possible; including Journey  Gunderson, Tom Benson, and the rest of the National Comedy Center board  for their tireless work; as well as former County Executive Vince  Horrigan, and present Chautauqua County Executive George Borrello, as  well as the mayor of Jamestown, Sam Teresi, for their unwavering  support in this bipartisan endeavor.   I thank Greg Edwards of the Gebbie Foundation as well as all the  other foundations and contributors that helped make this a reality.  Most of all, we want to recognize the comedians and artists who have  shared their talents for years with Jamestown to make this possible.   With that, Mr. Speaker, I ask my friends and colleagues to support  this bill.   