 Mr. President, as I rise for my 209th ``Time to Wake  Up'' climate change speech, I return to a familiar subject: disgraced  Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt.   Not that long ago, I was here discussing the baker's dozen of ethical  scandals swirling around Pruitt. From his $43,000 ``cone of silence''  phone booth to the millions he spent on a 20-  [[Page S4394]]  person security detail, to his lights-and-sirens escapades, to fancy DC  restaurant Le Diplomate, Pruitt has come to personify the swamp  President Trump promised to drain. And he just keeps on getting  swampier.    In just the few weeks since my last speech on Pruitt, we have learned  that he used one of his closest aides to plan his vacations, hunt for a  Washington apartment, and, most bizarrely, solicit a used hotel  mattress from the Trump Hotel. The aide did many of these tasks on  government time when she was supposed to be working for taxpayers. That  is a clear violation of Federal employment rules. Federal rules also  bar officials such as Pruitt from accepting gifts from their  subordinates, including these kinds of personal services even on  personal time. So one way or the other, this was pretty swampy. We also  learned, in a scene worthy of the finest banana republic, that Pruitt  had his staffer approach the founder of the fast food chain Chick-fil-A  about securing a franchise for Pruitt's wife.   As the New York Times recently wrote, ``Grifters Gonna Grift.'' But  with all deference to the editorial writers at the Times, I would add  that Pruitt's actions aren't just matters of grift; they also reveal  his servility to the interests of his fossil fuel backers over the  interests of the American public. My Republican colleague, Senator  Ernst of Iowa, recently said that Pruitt's efforts to undermine the  renewable fuel standard, including the abundance of waivers for  refiners, amount to broken promises to American farmers. ``He is about  as swampy as you get here in Washington, DC,'' she said. Amen.   You would think that someone so corrupt would not be long for a  President's Cabinet. You would be wrong. Just last week, in the face of  all of Pruitt's latest scandals, President Trump reaffirmed his support  for his EPA Administrator, saying that the Agency is doing really,  really well under Pruitt. The President doesn't see anything wrong with  having someone as scandal-plagued as Pruitt in his Cabinet. What he can  see is that the fossil fuel industry is solidly lined up behind its  servant, Pruitt. He has oil company interests and the front groups they  fund telling him to keep Pruitt on the job because Pruitt is rolling  back regulations polluters don't like.   Let's look at how well Pruitt is really doing for the polluters.  Let's start with Pruitt's record in the courts.   A number of EPA's regulatory actions or its failures to regulate have  been challenged in court.   Republicans continue to rubberstamp Trump's activist, extreme- rightwing, and polluter-friendly judicial nominees, but American courts  nevertheless remain a forum in which outright lies are not countenanced  and in which regulatory agencies such as EPA have to demonstrate the  scientific, technical, economic, and legal basis of their regulatory  decisions. An agency whose political leadership dissembles or doesn't  do its homework won't do well in court.   So how has Scott Pruitt's EPA fared in the courts? In two words, not  well. Our Environment and Public Works Committee ranking member, Tom  Carper, recently released a report analyzing Pruitt's record in court.  As you can see from this chart, 66 cases have been filed against  Pruitt's EPA in relation to ethics and transparency. I know this comes  as little shock, given Pruitt's numerous and continuing ethical  shortcomings. Of the 14 of these ethics cases that have already been  decided by a judge, EPA lost 13 of them. That is a 7-percent success  rate for Pruitt. The other 79 cases challenge EPA's regulatory actions  or inactions.   This is what Pruitt is supposed to be there for--rolling back rules  protecting public health and the environment to make his fossil fuel  patrons happy. This is why he still has industry support. This is why  he is still running EPA despite all the scandals. You can be corrupt in  this administration as long as you are corrupt for the right people.   Of the six of these cases that have been fully reviewed by the  courts, Pruitt's EPA lost four of them, succeeded in delaying arguments  on one, and got another dismissed on mootness grounds after withdrawing  the challenged rule. In other words, Pruitt is zero for six before the  courts when it comes to defending his regulatory rollbacks. Pruitt is a  former baseball player, so he will understand it when I say that he is  batting way below the Mendoza line.   The courts have blocked Pruitt's attempt to delay the implementation  of a rule curbing methane emissions from new oil and gas wells.  Methane, of course, is a powerful greenhouse gas that contributes to  climate change. The courts also blocked Pruitt's effort to slow-walk  EPA's revision of lead paint standards. Pruitt wanted another 6 years  to revise the standards, and the courts gave him 90 days.   Many of Pruitt's biggest deregulatory actions, after a splashy  announcement, have yet to even be finalized, so they aren't yet ripe  for judicial review. But even on these half-baked rollbacks, Pruitt is  making mistakes that will provide ample ammunition in court for those  who will sue him.   Take Pruitt's rulemaking to rescind the Clean Power Plan--President  Obama's blueprint to reduce carbon emissions from the power sector. As  Oklahoma attorney general, Pruitt sued three times to block the Clean  Power Plan. He has a long record against the Clean Power Plan in the  press, at industry conferences, and on social media. Many of the same  fossil fuel industry donors who have bankrolled Pruitt's political  career are on the other side, suing to block the Clean Power Plan.    Pruitt has not even revealed the full depth of his fiscal engagement  with the fossil fuel industry because he has never fessed up to who  gave money to his dark money political operation, so it is actually  probably worse than we know.   Well, here is where America's rule of law kicks in. America's rule of  law provides that those who are interested in an agency rulemaking  ``have a right to a fair and open proceeding; that right includes  access to an impartial decision maker.'' Here, given Pruitt's strident  opposition to the Clean Power Plan as attorney general, combined with  his sickeningly close financial and political ties with the industry  opposing it, can there be any doubt that Pruitt possesses what under  law one would call an unalterably closed mind when it comes to the  Clean Power Plan? Courts will take notice of that sort of thing.   Then there is Pruitt's effort to exclude certain scientific studies  from consideration in rulemaking. Pruitt claims it is to boost  transparency. That couldn't be phonier. It is an effort to boost two  industries that are big donors to his political operations--fossil fuel  and tobacco.   For decades, fossil fuel and tobacco have pushed to prevent  regulatory agencies from considering scientific studies that rely on  people's medical records. They have figured out that because people  like their medical records to be private and because public health  studies rely on private medical records, if they can cook up the notion  that that is somehow a transparency problem, they can take the entire  corpus of public health science based on medical records and put it in  the bin. Blocking that public health evidence is a way for these  industries to screen out the most damning evidence in actual Americans'  actual health records of the effects of tobacco smoke and air pollution  on human health.   Pruitt's own Science Advisory Board isn't buying that one. He  rebuffed the Board's request for information about this proposed rule  and issued it without the Board's input. When he claimed that his  proposed rule was consistent with the position of various scientific  journals and groups, those journals and groups stood up and said: Oh,  no. They were quick to correct the record. And EPA's Science Advisory  Board just voted unanimously to examine the policy anyway.   You might think that such a rule may also exclude some industry- funded studies, but never fear--internal emails obtained by the Union  of Concerned Scientists show that Pruitt's lackeys, themselves former  industry lobbyists, knew they had to make sure industry studies could  still be considered by EPA.   It would be great to take all of the real public health studies that  rely on real healthcare information, pretend that is a transparency  problem, shove them off to the side, and then have industry-funded  studies left to rely upon. Well, the Pruitt lackeys pulled a little  trick and put in the proposed rule that  [[Page S4395]]  the Administrator can include any study he likes, regardless of what  the rule may require, opening up a nice, safe harbor for his industry  sponsors' industry-funded studies.   All of this sounds pretty arbitrary and capricious to me. And  ``arbitrary and capricious'' by the way, is the legal standard courts  will use to evaluate challenges to this phony baloney rule.   Pruitt's drive to weaken fuel economy standards also looks to be on  shaky legal ground. They cobbled together a 38-page document in April  announcing Pruitt's intention to roll back the 2012 auto fuel  efficiency standards. That cobbled-together report is devoid of the  type of serious, detailed analysis that courts typically look for in  such a rulemaking. Half of that little document is just quotes from car  companies objecting to the rule. By comparison, the Obama  administration assembled a 1,217-page document justifying those  standards, chockful of real scientific, technical, and economic  analysis--all of the stuff the Pruitt EPA is allergic to.   Once again, Pruitt's work product looks pretty arbitrary and  capricious--short on facts, short on analysis, long on giveaways to  industries that fund him. It is entirely understandable that the  interests to which Pruitt is beholden would be fighting for him to keep  his job. They love this. For them, Pruitt running this public health  agency into the ground is a feature, not a bug, of the Pruitt tenure.  They are just in it for the regulatory rollbacks.    I hope they recognize a lot of Pruitt's work is so sloppy that,  ultimately, it will likely not stand up in court. I hope President  Trump understands the guy he thinks of as his great deregulator isn't  very good at deregulating.   Only time will tell how long Scott Pruitt can survive the mounting,  swirling, ethical ordeals of his own making. We will also see how his  industry friendly regulatory record fares under the scrutiny of honest  courts. Something tells me I will be back here in the not-too-distant  future with more to say about the troubled and disgraceful tenure of  Scott Pruitt.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   