 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, at this moment all across the country,  students are walking out of school for 17 minutes in memory of the 17  Americans who died at Stoneman Douglas High School 1 month ago today.   Here on the floor of the Senate, I join with those students in  remembering the fallen students and teachers of Stoneman Douglas. I  join with them in remembering the beautiful children who died at an  elementary school in Newtown. I join with them in remembering a long  line of American children who perished in the slow-moving tidal wave of  gun violence that is consuming our country--all the unopened presents  and uncelebrated birthdays, all the empty chairs at dinner tables,  graduations, and holidays. These kids had their whole lives ahead of  them.   This has gone on for too long. When a disease plagues our people, we  seek a cure. When we see drug addiction stealing the lives of our  youth, we get together here in Congress and try to do something about  it. Why is it that when it comes to gun violence--which is responsible  for just as many, if not more, deaths--we throw up our hands and  pretend there is no solution?   We know there are commonsense things we could do. Close the dangerous  loopholes in the background check system; ensure that anyone with a  criminal history or history of mental illness can't get their hands on  a gun; and, yes, we should debate the assault weapons ban because  weapons of war have no place on our streets and no place in our  schools.   While so many students today are mourning their friends and  classmates, we in Congress are in a unique position. We alone have the  ability to change our laws to make America safer and, God willing,  prevent another one of these massacres--these horrible, horrible  massacres.   What will we do with that awesome responsibility? I was here on the  floor of the Senate when this body failed to advance any legislation in  the wake of Sandy Hook. The shame we all felt, and America felt, as  this body was unable to act because a powerful special interest seems  to have its grip on too many of our colleagues. Well, let this time be  different. Let this time be different.   In a moment, I will read the names of 17 Americans--14 children--who  were killed in the horrific attack at Stoneman Douglas High School. I  am joined by a good number of my colleagues who wish to read the names  of children and other victims who died at the hands of gun violence in  their States. May their memories--may their memories--inspire us to  act.   Alyssa Alhadeff, Martin Duque Anguiano, Scott Beigel, Nicholas  Dworet, Aaron Feis, Jaime Guttenberg, Christopher Hixon, Luke Hoyer,  Cara Loughran, Gina Montalto, Joaquin Oliver, Alaina Petty, Meadow  Pollack, Helena Ramsay, Alex Schachter, Carmen Schentrup, Peter Wang.   I yield the floor.   