 Mr. President, I rise today in support of Jelena  McWilliams to be the Chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance  Corporation.   A native of the former Yugoslavia, Jelena earned her bachelor's  degree and J.D. from the University of California at Berkeley. From  tough experiences that her family shared in Europe, Jelena understands  the value hard work provides in a free market environment like ours.   The FDIC plays an important role in ensuring consumer confidence in  our Nation's banks. In addition to their work as the prudential  regulator for State-chartered banks, the FDIC is also a key part of  many interagency efforts to appropriately regulate financial  institutions.   Due to her vast experience, Jelena is beyond qualified for this  esteemed position. To put it clearly, she has worked in all fields that  interact with her new role. She is certainly no stranger to the Senate.  During my time as chairman, Jelena served as chief counsel and deputy  staff director of the Senate Banking Committee. Additionally, she was  assistant chief counsel on the Senate Small Business Committee and has  experience working for the Federal Reserve. Jelena also has private  sector experience as an attorney in private practice. She also served  as executive vice president, chief legal officer, and corporate  secretary for Fifth Third Bank.   Opposition to her nomination is unfathomable. Ms. McWilliams was  reported out of the Banking Committee by a voice vote in February. She  understands all sides of the areas she will regulate with the highest  level of sophistication. However, that has not prevented Members of  this body from being unreasonable. Opposition has appeared due to the  nature of the Senate today, not due to any question regarding Jelena's  qualification for the job.   Passage of her nomination builds on positive moment this week. With  the passage of S. 2155, Congress has advanced appropriate scaling back  of over-burdensome financial regulations. By confirming Jelena, the  Senate has the opportunity to continue providing Main Street with  commonsense regulatory relief. I am certain that Jelena is up for the  challenge and confident that she will do an excellent job in this  esteemed position.   