 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman  for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this discussion needs to have a reset. It needs to have  a reset because I keep hearing people sit here talking about repetitive  floods and how there is a certain set of these flood victims who are  costing this program all sorts of problems and money.   Mr. Speaker, do you really believe people want to be flooded? Do you  think people want to have everything they own underwater and have to  throw it all out?   Anybody who believes that has obviously never stepped foot in a  flooded home, never spoken to a flood victim.   Do you really think people intentionally want to build their home in  a place that is going to flood so all their family heirlooms are  flooded and lost? That whole concept is irrational.   Mr. Speaker, the reality is that all of us want this program to be  solvent. We all want to have a solution. We all want to have reforms.  The things that are being pushed aren't the reforms that are going to  result in solvency. The reforms that are being pushed are strictly a  defense. You don't go out on the field and just play defense.   We need to lean forward. We need to integrate some of our efforts on  mitigation, some of our Corps of Engineers levee projects, some of our  hazard mitigation grant program funds through FEMA, look where we can  protect areas and where that is the most cost-effective solution, and  not tell everyone: You are out of your house, or we are going to charge  you unaffordable rates.   Mr. Speaker, think about this for just a minute. I represent the  State of Louisiana. We drain from Montana to two Canadian provinces to  New York. All that water comes and drains down through our State. It is  one of the largest watersheds in the world. More water is coming to us  now.   So, yes, we are more vulnerable. But the people who live in these  homes and businesses are innocent. Folks are trying to charge them more  for something they have no control over. That is not American. That is  not okay.   We are in hurricane season right now, Mr. Speaker. We are in  hurricane season, where we need to provide people certainty. Let's be  crystal clear on what this bill is and what it is not. A ``yes'' vote  provides people certainty during hurricane season. It provides  certainty to Realtors, homeowners, and homebuilders. A ``no'' vote  kills the National Flood Insurance Program and leaves people with  complete uncertainty and in limbo.   I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey for proposing this bill  and for bringing it up, because this is so important. We have had 220  disasters, each costing more than $1 billion since 1980. In total, we  spent approximately $1.5 trillion responding to these disasters.   Mr. Speaker, there are similar programs that exist. Right now, there  is Price-Anderson for nuclear power plants and TRIA for terrorism risk  insurance, where the government provides a safety net. I agree that we  nee to reform these programs, but we need to do it in a way that does  not penalize the innocent. Until we get to that point, we need to do an  extension to provide certainty and to ensure we make it through  hurricane season, and we have a rational debate.    