 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, doctors, today, routinely diagnose and treat a myriad of  illnesses and diseases suffered by societies' littlest patients--unborn  babies  [[Page H498]]  and newborns--significantly enhancing both the children's health and  longevity.   Abortionists, on the other hand, take a different approach. They  dismember and chemically kill unborn children for profit. For decades,  babies have survived later term abortions. As far back as 37 years ago,  a Philadelphia Inquirer story called baby survival ``the dreaded  complication.''   Dr. Willard Cates of the Center for Disease Control said live births  ``are little known because organized medicine, from fear of public  clamor and legal action, treats them more as an embarrassment to be  hushed up than a problem to be solved. It is like turning yourself in  to the IRS for an audit. What is there to gain? The tendency is not to  report because there are only negative incentives.''   Of course, the tendency is not to report.   When an undercover investigator asked another abortion provider from  Planned Parenthood about the procedure for checking for signs of life  in a baby born after an attempted abortion, the abortionist responded  by saying: ``I mean, the key is, you need to pay attention to who is in  the room. . . . `'   Philadelphia abortionist Kermit Gosnell had a lot of people in the  room, but nobody was reporting, as he killed and snipped the spinal  cords of hundreds of born babies to ensure that they didn't survive.   All is not well in the abortion clinics either, in terms of their own  personnel. The National Public Radio, NPR, did an incisive story  featuring former Planned Parenthood Director Abby Huffman, who is now  Johnson, who is now pro-life, and her outreach to clinical workers  encouraging them to quit their jobs inside the abortion clinics.   Heard on ``All Things Considered,'' Annette Lancaster, a former  manager of Planned Parenthood in North Carolina, said her abortion work  made her feel ``dark and morbid.'' Annette said she was troubled by the  way she and other workers referred to fetal remains. She said: ``I just  now started being able to use my deep freezer in my home by going  through therapy, because we used to call the freezer the `nursery.'''  That is to say for the dead babies.   The National Abortion Federation, in their textbook for abortionists,  says:   ``Providers should consider the possibility of a live-born fetus,  particularly if fetal death is not induced prior to the procedure and  the gestational age is 18 to 20 weeks or more.''   ``Besides the emotional and ethical difficulties for patients, their  partners, and staff, a delivery with signs of life may have legal  implications.''   The problem with existing law, Mr. Speaker, is enforcement--the lack  of legal implications.    Marsha Blackburn's bill, the Born-Alive  Abortion Survivors Protection Act, requires, under penalty of law, that  appropriate healthcare to be given to any child who survives an  attempted abortion, not looking the other way, as has been done for  decades--Gosnell probably being the most egregious example.   The law prescribes that:   ``Any healthcare practitioner present at the time the child is born  shall exercise the same degree of professional skill, care, and  diligence to preserve the life and health of the child as a reasonably  diligent and conscientious healthcare practitioner would render to any  other child born alive at the same gestational age; following the  exercise of skill, care, and diligence . . . ensure that the child born  alive is immediately transported to a hospital.''   The bill also establishes strong criminal penalties for practitioners  who violate this requirement; establishes a civil right of action for  the mother of the child, to enforce the law; and the mother of the  child born alive may not be prosecuted under this law.   