 Madam President, I rise today to recognize my distinguished  colleague and friend, Senator Bill Nelson. He has represented the  people of Florida in the U.S. Senate for 18 years now.   Today it may seem that there is very little that unites people of  different parties in this Congress. It may seem a strange notion to say  good things about your political rivals and opponents. But this is  America. I think the  [[Page S7482]]  day will never come where men and women of honest hearts and good faith  cannot come together and find common goals worth fighting for together.   Bill and I have served together on the Senate Armed Services  Committee and on the Senate Commerce Committee, but the principal area  where Bill and I have had the privilege of working closely together  concerns space. Bill and I have worked hand in hand promoting and  protecting America's program of space exploration and supporting the  critical institutions in the State of Texas, the State of Florida, and  throughout the country that have made our country a world leader in  space. It has been a truly bipartisan partnership. Both Bill and I  believe that America is and should be going forward the leader in  space, that we have a responsibility, and that there are great and  glorious things to accomplish for mankind through space exploration. In  this time of bitter, partisan division, of nasty personal rivalries, we  have been able to see truly bipartisan cooperation.   We worked together hand in hand on the 2015 commercial space bill,  passed into law and signed into law by President Obama. We worked hand  in hand on the NASA Authorization Act of 2017. We worked hand in hand  and passed that into law, signed into law by President Trump. There are  very few major, substantive areas that have major legislation, one  signed by Obama and one signed by Trump. I think that is a reflection  of the bipartisan cooperation we have seen.   We worked hand in hand on the Space Frontier Act, and we are working  together to extend the operation of the International Space Station to  2030. That accomplishment, that cooperation is good for America, and it  is good for our leadership in space.   I have to say that I am still jealous that, unlike Senator Nelson, I  haven't been on an actual trip to space for a hands-on experience, but  I suppose anything can happen.   Bill, I promise you, our work will continue. America's leadership in  space will continue. We will persevere and constantly show those who  say it can't be done that there is still the will to drive, to explore,  to create, to learn, and to search the unknown for answers.   Bill, you are right--I believe that in our lifetime, a human being  will step foot on the surface of Mars and that the first boot that  lands on the red planet will be the American boot of an American  astronaut planting the flag of the United States of America.   There is still a will in our Nation to tame the stars and behold the  wonders of creation even closer. I will say that spirit of exploration  also inspires generations of little boys and little girls who look to  the skies and wonder, what if? We cannot limit our gaze on the Earth  below us; it isn't in our nature.   I will say finally, in addition to his commitment to space  leadership--and I would note that in addition to Bill's bipartisan  cooperation, his team worked hand in hand with my team, both committed  to passing meaningful, important legislation, to finding compromises  that would make it not just through the Senate but through the House  and be signed into law, and the members of his staff were skilled and  dedicated partners in producing those results.   But I will tell you, beyond that, on a very personal level, Bill is a  good man. Just a moment ago, when I congratulated him on his farewell  speech, he chuckled and said: I may be one of the only people who have  taken you to dinner. And you know, that is right.   I remember back in 2013--my first year in this body--it was a  tumultuous time. We were in the midst of battles where more than a few  bare-knuckle punches were being thrown all around. Right in the midst  of that, Bill said: Ted, why don't you come out and have dinner with  Grace and me. The two of them took me to dinner, and we had a  delightful, relaxing, engaging dinner. We didn't debate big policy; we  simply talked as three human beings privileged to have the chance to  serve our country. It was a gesture of friendship.   We all know that Harry Truman famously said: If you want a friend in  politics, buy a dog. That has not been the approach Bill Nelson has  taken to politics. He extended a hand of friendship, and that blossomed  into cooperation, and it blossomed into accomplishments together for  the United States and for the States of Florida and Texas.   Bill, it has been a privilege to work with you, and I look forward to  continuing to work with you in the years ahead in your next chapter. It  is an honor to serve with you.   I yield the floor.   