 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak briefly  about the President's announcement today that he is going to be  withdrawing 2,000 American troops from Syria.   Let me be clear. I thought this was a bad idea from the start,  primarily because our troop presence in Syria is not authorized by  Congress. We have had that debate in many forums here, but I believe  this Congress has never authorized the U.S. military to engage in  hostilities against ISIS. I think it is an extrapolation of the 2001  AUMF. It simply belies common sense. So we should never endorse  military activity overseas, no matter what we think about the merits,  if it is not authorized by this body.   But we have also seen over and over again that our relatively meager  military presence in the Middle East has never been enough to change  the political realities on the ground. The training mission was a  disaster. The weapons we gave to the rebels ended up in the hands of  the people we were fighting. Ultimately, we never had enough firepower  there to be able to meaningfully change the balance of power.   But I will concede that the way the President went about making this  decision makes our country an even bigger laughing stock than it  already is in the region, and, frankly, that is pretty hard, because  everybody is asking questions right now about why we pretended we were  going to protect our Kurdish partners in the region if, on the eve of  the Turkish offensive against the Kurds, we decide to pull out.   It makes absolutely no sense to pretend for literally months and  months that we are going to be the bulwark to protect the Kurds against  the Turks and then right on the precipice of the Turkish offensive, we  leave. Why would anybody believe us in the future if we give them our  word?   Again, I am speaking as someone who didn't support the intervention  in the first place, but once you have made that commitment, why not  follow through?   Second, why pull the rug out from under our diplomats in the region?  It is very clear that neither Jim Jeffrey nor Brett McGurk knew  anything about this. In fact, they were just making plans and  suggestions weeks ago to increase our military involvement in the  region, and now they are having to explain why 2,000 troops are  leaving.   If you are going to make a decision like this, make sure the people  who are working for you know about it.   Third, why announce this pullout without answering any questions  about it or without announcing an alternative strategy? Total darkness  from the President and his national security team. An announcement--a  statement made on Twitter and no rollout of a plan for how the United  States is going to continue to try to keep the peace.   So I agree with many of the criticisms that my Republican friends who  have come down to the floor have complained about. This was done in a  ham-handed manner that makes us weaker in the world. But forgive me if  I have a few questions about why my Republican friends chose to speak  up only now with questions about the President's Syria policy.   Where was this outrage when the President of the United States froze  millions of dollars in humanitarian funding that could have saved lives  on the ground in Syria? If they care so deeply about the future of  Syria, why  [[Page S7893]]  weren't the Republicans lighting up social media and down on this floor  complaining about the fact that the President refused to forward badly  needed humanitarian dollars to the region.   Where was the outrage when the President effectively pulled the  United States out of the peace process? Remember, the United States,  under the Obama administration--whatever you think about Obama's  strategy--was in the peace process, was a partner to try to figure out  a way forward for Syria. Donald Trump, as has been his strategy  internationally, pulled us out of that diplomatic conversation, left  the diplomatic playing field to the Iranians, to the Russians, and to  the Turks. Where was the outrage when the United States walked away  from the negotiating table?    How about the shutdown of the refugee program? Once again, if your  focus is on the cataclysm of humanitarian disaster on the ground in  Syria, why weren't there all sorts of Members of the Republican Party  coming down to the floor and complaining when the President decided to  not allow any more Syrian refugees--those fleeing terror and torture-- to come to the United States?   What about outrage over the fact that the President proposed cutting  the State Department by 40 percent--the State Department that is going  to be in the driver's seat when we eventually get to the point of  putting Syria back together politically?   Why is there outrage only today? Well, here is the answer, I think,  and it worries me. I think there is outrage today because many Members  of the Republican Party still cling to this outdated, empirically  disproved, fantastic notion that the American military can solve  complicated, convoluted political problems in the Middle East.   We have amazing men and women in the Armed Forces, but there are  limits to what they can do. And history--especially the history of the  last 15 years--tells us that big U.S. military presence in the Middle  East often creates as many problems as it solves.   The Republicans who are complaining about this make it sound as if we  had a couple divisions in Syria. We didn't. We had 2,000 troops. We had  2,000 troops compared to the hundreds of thousands of troops fighting  on behalf of the Syrian regime, the Iranian militias, the Kurdish  forces, the rebel forces, the remnants of ISIS's forces. Two thousand  troops isn't enough to bluff. It isn't enough to gain a negotiating  foothold. It is, frankly, just enough to keep faking it in Syria--doing  just enough militarily to say that we are doing something to be able to  sleep at night while never actually doing anything sufficient to change  the balance of power. That has been the story of both President Obama's  and President Trump's policy in Syria. We do just enough to convince  the rebels that they should keep going but never enough to actually  tackle Bashar al-Assad. All we have done is keep the civil war running  and running and running.   I have really terrible news for you all. Assad is going to win this  war. He was always going to win this war because the folks who were on  his side had much bigger equities--Russia and Iran--than the folks who  were on the side of the rebels. Now, that really stinks, that Bashar  al-Assad is going to win, but you have to make policy based on the real  world, not on some world that you imagine.   These neoconservatives are still--even after 4,000 Americans were  killed in Iraq and 30,000 were wounded, they are still clinging to this  notion that a couple thousand U.S. troops are going to be able to solve  the problems in Syria. Listen. I get it. Restraint in the face of evil  is really hard stuff. But hubris in the face of evil is worse.   So what should we be doing? I won't spend too much time on this, but  we should get out of the civil war. We should admit that we have just  prolonged it instead of trying to end it. We should keep working with  our partners and keep using airpower to keep ISIS on the run. We should  rescue Syrians with a generous refugee program, both helping our  partners in the Middle East rescue Syrians and bringing them to the  United States when they pass our vetting program.   We should stop angering our allies all over the world, but  particularly in that region, and get back into the diplomatic game.   Finally, we should stop believing that our only leverage in  negotiations in Syria or anywhere else in the world is military force.  Put up a promise of massive investment in Syria after a peace deal is  signed--likely, frankly, costing a fraction of what we spent in Iraq-- and you will discover that you quickly get a seat at that table again.   But it is time that we give up on this notion that these brave,  capable American soldiers can fix these complicated, tribal, political,  economic, and religious problems in the Middle East. They are brave,  and they are capable, but there are things they can do, and there are  things they can't do. Every time we put our troops in situations where  they are doomed to fail, when we are not prepared to give them the  resources to succeed, as was always the case in Syria--spare me this  notion that 2,000 American troops were going to be able to fix Syria-- every time we put them in situations where they can't win, we undermine  American influence, and we undermine the power of our military.   I don't agree with how the President did this. Once you have made  that commitment, boy, it doesn't make a lot of sense to pull the rug  out from under our partners right as the tough stuff starts to come. I  don't agree that he didn't do it in consultation with anybody in this  place or anybody on his national security team. I think that his  announcement today is ham-handed and embarrassing, but his instincts  aren't entirely wrong on the question of what American troops can and  can't do in the Middle East.   I can't believe I am saying this. I think the President may have  learned more than many of my friends in the Senate have.   I yield back.   