 Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the  amendment be modified in the form I have placed at the desk.    I do have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the  amendment be modified in the form I have placed at the desk.    Amendment No. 17. Sixteen and 17 are being  combined.    Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent that  amendment Nos. 16 and 17 be considered en bloc.    Madam Chair, I offer amendments en bloc.    Madam Chairman, I thank the Chair for  consideration of combining these two amendments.   The amendments before us today help restore and continue important  grant funding that will provide level funding for the same number of  States currently funded by the Abandoned Mine Land Reclamation Economic  Development Pilot Program, which is used for the reclamation of  abandoned mine lands in conjunction with economic and community  development and reuse goals.   These amendments are about ensuring the AML Economic Development  Program continues to be appropriately funded and continues to afford  the same grant opportunities to all currently eligible States. Similar  amendments offered by Representative Griffith have passed the House in  the last 2 years, and the Senate FY19 Interior & Environment  Appropriations bill contains similar language and funding amounts.   Funding for these economic reclamation grants was established in  fiscal year 2016 by Chairman Rogers, and it provided opportunities for  some of the hard-hit areas of Appalachia to not only restore the land,  but also allow additional appropriated funds to be used for economic  purposes, and they helped provide a way to prepare the land for  community development.   These amendments carry on that goal; they maintain the status quo.  And let me stress the point: these amendments are not designed to take  money away from the top three States receiving funding in the  underlying bill.   Our intent is that the first three States will continue to receive  the amount currently appropriated in the underlying bill. The  additional money provided with these amendments are meant for the next  three States and is to be divided equally, so that the next three  States receive $10 million each, the same amount they have received  over the last 2 years.   I have worked with the Appropriations Committee to ensure these  amendments will do just that and that this additional support for one  Appalachian community does not come at the expense of another.   I urge my colleagues to support these important amendments. They are  important to not only Ohio, but to the many States and coal communities  throughout Appalachia.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Calvert), chairman of the Appropriations  Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Griffith).    Mr. Chairman, I will close. I want to reaffirm  what my colleague from West Virginia said. This is important for  economic development in communities in Appalachia. It will have a  significant impact on economic development work throughout the region,  while being offset by only a slight reduction in EPA's environmental  programs and management account, totaling only 1.21 percent of that  account.   So this is good legislation. It is a good bill for Appalachia, a good  set of amendments for Appalachia. I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   