 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have been coming to the floor to talk  about the many ways the tax relief law has helped people all across  America.   Last week, there were even more examples. One thing we saw was the  ``Economic Report of the President'' that came out last Wednesday. This  is a report from the top economists at the White House. According to  the report, the tax relief law that we have passed and signed into law  is going to raise  [[Page S1272]]  the average wages for working families across this country by over  $4,000 in the long run. That is a huge raise. This report said that  more than 4 million workers are also getting one-time cash bonuses and  other benefits. These one-time cash bonuses mean a great deal to  American families. It says that so far, over $2 billion in cash bonuses  have been given.   Today in Wyoming, we heard another great report that Taco John's--an  establishment at which I frequently ate lunch when I was in the Wyoming  Legislature, as did so many members of the Wyoming Legislature. They  are providing bonuses for employees. That is another case in point. The  reason they say they are doing it is the tax relief tax cut benefits  that people all across the country are receiving as a result of the tax  law we passed.   If you remember, a lot of Democrats predicted gloom and doom if we  were to pass this piece of legislation. Nancy Pelosi actually said it  was Armageddon. She said it was the end of the world. Well, with all of  these workers getting bigger paychecks and more take-home pay,  Democrats have now started to panic. Nancy Pelosi said all the benefits  people are getting under the tax law are ``crumbs.'' That is what she  called them, but that is not what people across the State of Wyoming  are calling them.   I received a note the other day from a man who said he heard all the  rhetoric from Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats. He said: ``Here is what  the crumbs mean to a fellow working in Casper, Wyoming.'' He said that  the first thing he noticed was that his take-home pay was higher in his  latest paycheck. He figures that the tax cut works out to about a 2- percent raise for him. He and his wife decided to put that money  straight into his retirement savings plan and invest it. He figures  that over time, as those investments grow, it could add up to an extra  $97,000 by the time he is ready to retire. He said: ``A few crumbs over  time really do matter.''   There was a second part of his story about what the Republican tax  relief means for him and his family, and that is the bonus. Because of  the tax cuts, his employer gave him a bonus of $1,500. He said: ``I  plan to enjoy the summer just a little bit more with this surprise  income.'' He said he is investing the tax cut in his retirement, and he  is investing the bonus in creating additional memories with his family  today. He said that it means they are going to take an extra camping  trip to Yellowstone this summer. They will enjoy ``a few more cookouts  with families and friends this summer to savor the memories that this  tax reform is providing.''   That is what it means for people across the country--memories, family  activities, vacation, and a better retirement--all of those things  because of the tax law and tax relief passed for the American people.  They are going to do things they like doing, everything from going on  vacation to going out for ice cream.   Tax reform has been very good for people in Casper, WY. It is good  for his family. He wrote to tell me about it. It is good for the local  businesses that he will be supporting, where he will be spending his  money, traveling around the State, going on vacation, camping trips,  cookouts, and making memories. They are not crumbs.   I don't know why Democrats who voted against the tax cuts even came  to Washington in the first place. I do know that Republicans came here  with a purpose--a purpose to give families more opportunities to invest  in their futures like this man is doing.   There was another new survey that came out last week. They talked  with heads of companies across America, and they talked about the  confidence index that we are seeing nationwide. That is because of the  tax relief law. The survey found that 89 percent of these business  leaders are confident in the U.S. economy's prospects this year. It is  at an alltime high.   Look at 2016--the last year of the Obama administration--and 2017 and  2018. That is an enormous jump from the 39 percent that business  leaders were feeling in terms of confidence back in 2016. It is even  bigger than last year, when 80 percent said they were confident. The  reason for the jump is simple. When we look at what has changed since  2016, there were a couple of very big things.   First is the way that Republicans have been cutting back on  Washington's burdensome, punishing, and destructive regulations. It is  going to save Americans a lot of money and a lot of time.   The second thing that happened is that Republicans in Congress passed  the tax relief law. That is why millions of Americans are getting a pay  raise. That is why Americans are more confident about our economy. The  business leaders are right. They should be confident about the state of  America's economy because Republicans are just getting started.   Our economy should have been growing much more quickly ever since the  recession ended almost 9 years ago, but it didn't during the last  administration because the politics and the policies of the Democrats  in Washington held our economy back. Now we have Republican policies,  and the economy is much stronger. America's economy grew by just 1.8  percent in 2016. That is tepid growth compared to what we expect and  what we are used to. Last year, it grew by 2.5 percent. We added 2.2  million jobs in 2017. Confidence is soaring.   Democrats don't want to hear about it. They don't want to talk about  it. They don't want to hear from their constituents who are getting a  raise and getting more money in their paychecks. They consider it  crumbs. They almost appear to be rooting for the economy to stall. Some  may want the economy to look more like it did when they were in charge.   The American people are going to look at what the Democrats did and  realize that what the Republicans did made a huge difference in their  lives. People are going to look at the fact that every Democrat in the  Senate voted against the tax cuts. Then people are going to look at  what Republicans have done and what it means for people's take-home  pay. That is why Republicans are here. It is what we promised to do.  That is what we are going to continue to do.   