 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, before I begin, I want to thank the  gentleman from Texas, the chairman of the committee, for his hard work  on the bill. I appreciate it.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the precision agriculture  connectivity amendment. This bipartisan amendment offered by myself and  my friend from Iowa (Mr. Loebsack) recognizes the need for broadband in  rural areas, especially on agricultural lands.   I represent the largest farm-income-producing district in the State  of Ohio. Precision agriculture technologies and practices, like the use  of IoT equipment, provide a great opportunity to improve U.S. farm  productivity and sustainability.   However, the lack of high-speed broadband in rural areas, especially  in farmlands and ranchlands, hinder the use of advanced technologies in  agriculture operations.   My amendment seeks to improve broadband access to farmers and  ranchers by establishing a task force for reviewing the connectivity  and technology needs of precision agriculture.   The task force would be created primarily by the Federal  Communications Commission due to their expertise in broadband. However,  we also recognize the value of the United States Department of  Agriculture in this discussion. Therefore, the FCC would be required to  work in collaboration with the USDA on gathering broadband data and for  selecting the members of the task force.   This task force would be required to identify current gaps in  broadband coverage on agricultural lands and recommend policies that  will promote their rapid, expanded deployment of broadband internet  access service in unserved areas.   Simply put, this amendment would help to address a significant need  in agricultural lands. Without broadband, farmers cannot utilize  precision agriculture that allows for the collection of field data in  real time that can help with crop management. This type of technology  helps farmers maximize resources to reduce costs and increase crop  yields by up to 70 percent by 2050, helping to maintain America's long- term leadership in global food production.   Furthermore, advanced machinery helps promote environmentally  sustainable practices.   I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment to help  deploy much-needed broadband in unserved rural, agricultural areas.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman's comments.  Again, it is important because, again, in the area I represent in the  State of Ohio, we have a lot of unserved areas.   When we talk about unserved and underserved areas, we want to make  sure that, especially out in agricultural areas, that we get that area  served because they are unserved at this time.   Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of the amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   