 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of amendment No. 26 and  seek time to speak in support.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of amendment No. 26 to  provide cost-effective funding for the Navy's fourth Gerald R. Ford- class aircraft carrier, CVN-81.   Let me be clear. Amendment No. 26 does not add any additional funding  to the carrier replacement program line for fiscal year 2019. None. Not  one dollar. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found amendment  No. 26 would not score; it would not change the overall level of budget  authority or outlays in the bill in fiscal year 2019. According to the  Parliamentarian, this is simply a perfecting amendment to allow for  already appropriated funds to be used for both CVN-80 and CVN-81.   I believe it is possible to be both a defense hawk and a fiscal hawk.  My amendment supports both positions.   For defense hawks, amendment No. 26 fulfills a critical need for our  U.S. Navy. The Navy's most recent force structure assessment identified  a need to maintain 12 aircraft carriers to meet combatant commanders'  needs and address a growing demand for U.S. presence around the world.  However, under the current shipbuilding and ship retirement plans, the  Navy would dip below 12 aircraft carriers beginning in 2025 and would  atrophy to just 9 aircraft carriers by 2048. This is simply  unacceptable.   By procuring an additional aircraft carrier now, we better position  the Navy to meet future requirements. By supporting a strong aircraft  carrier base, we also show a commitment to the aircraft that operate  from the carrier. The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, the FA-18 E/F Super  Hornet, EA-18G Growler, MH-60S Knighthawk helicopter, MH-60R Seahawk  helicopter, as well as the E-2C/D Hawkeye aircraft all  [[Page H5806]]  require an aircraft carrier to operate in the Navy.   For fiscal hawks, the numbers are clear. A two-ship buy of CVN-80 and  CVN-81 saves more than $1.6 billion in shipbuilder costs when compared  to single ship procurements. When government-furnished equipment is  included, the total savings are projected to reach $2.5 billion.  Additionally, increasing the build rate encourages the shipbuilder and  suppliers to make capital investments that produce production  efficiencies and reduce costs for these and future ships in the Ford  class.   We already have had great congressional support on this very issue.  In December 2017, I led a letter with 131 House signatures to  Department of Defense Secretary Mattis in support of this same dual  aircraft carrier buy approach. This same provision also was included in  the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. And H.R.  5515, which recently passed the House by an overwhelming bipartisan  margin of 351-66 on May 24 of this year, is a signal of what needs to  be done.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Courtney).    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Chair, I will be quick with my closing.   The bottom line is we need these carriers. We need $26 billion in the  shipbuilding budget to reach 355 ships. So the $21 billion is  admirable, but the pathway to get where we need to be of 355 is still  out there for us. The challenge that we face ahead must be taken head- on. This is the first step in doing that.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, it really is this compelling argument: Are  we, as a nation, willing to make the commitment to ensure our future  national security?   Here is the deal: We are losing submarines at a breakneck pace  because we are not building them fast enough to replace the ones that  are retiring.   In 2020, the Chinese--just the Chinese--will have 70 submarines. They  are building them at a rate of six per year. So, by 2029, when we have  42, they will have 124.   Are we willing to do that as a nation? Are we willing to take that  risk? Are we willing to look at our children and grandchildren and tell  them that, when we had a chance to do something, we didn't do it?   At 5:48 today, the United States Naval Institute news released an  article that says: ``Congress Faces Last Chance to Add 2 Virginia-Class  Attack Subs to the Next Block Buy.'' Last chance.   Here is our chance to do what is right for the Nation. Here is our  chance to do what is right for national security. Here is our chance to  look at our children and grandchildren and tell them we did the right  thing. We saw what was coming and we stood strong, and we built the  submarines necessary to defend this Nation.   