 Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the  confirmation of Patrick Pizzella to be the Deputy Secretary of the  United States Department of Labor, DOL. The Department of Labor is  charged with enforcing laws to keep workers safe on the job, ensuring  workers are paid the wages they are owed, helping to develop our  workforce, and keeping critical data on our employment market.   Patrick Pizzella brings a wealth of relevant experience in both  Democratic and Republican administrations. President Trump designated  Mr. Pizzella as acting Chairman of the Federal Labor Relations  Authority, FLRA, in January 2017, a position which he held through  December 2017. President Obama appointed Mr. Pizzella to the FLRA in  August 2013, after which he was confirmed by the U.S. Senate by voice  vote on October 16, 2013.   Mr. Pizzella served under President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2009,  as Assistant Secretary of Labor for Administration and Management at  the Department of Labor. Mr. Pizzella was nominated by President Bush  in April 2001--approved in May without a hearing by the Senate  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, HELP, under  Senator Ted Kennedy--and confirmed by the full Senate 2 days later.   Mr. Pizzella also served at the U.S. Office of Personnel Management,  the U.S. Small Business Administration, and the U.S. General Services  Administration.   This day is long overdue. President Trump initially nominated Mr.  Pizzella to be the Deputy Secretary of Labor on June 20, 2017. The  Senate HELP Committee received Mr. Pizzella's HELP Committee  application on June 29, 2017. On June 23, 2017, the committee received  Mr. Pizzella's Office of Government Ethics, OGE, paperwork, including  his public financial disclosure and ethics agreement. Based on these  documents, OGE determined that Mr. Pizzella ``is in compliance with  applicable laws and regulations governing conflicts of interest.'' Mr.  Pizzella completed all paperwork in accordance with the HELP  Committee's rules, practices, and procedures. The HELP Committee held  Mr. Pizzella's hearing on July 13, 2017, and reported his nomination  favorably on October 18, 2017.   Pursuant to Senate rules, Mr. Pizzella's nomination was returned to  the President at the end of the first session of the 115th Congress. In  fact, Mr. Pizzella was one of nearly 100 of President Trump's nominees  who were returned to the President. It is unfortunate the Department of  Labor has had to operate without its second most senior official for  more than 9 months since Mr. Pizzella's initial nomination.   President Trump again nominated Mr. Pizzella to be the Deputy  Secretary of Labor on January 8, 2018. The HELP Committee again  favorably reported Mr. Pizzella's nomination on January 18, 2018.   The Department will greatly benefit from Mr. Pizzella's leadership  and experience, and I look forward to supporting his confirmation.   