 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Montana, Mr.  Tester, for his remarks. I thank him more so for his hard work, as  ranking member, over the last 2 years with me, as chairman, and for  bringing us to the point at which we are today. Jon and I are very  excited because we know that Robert Wilkie is the real deal. We know  the things that we have gone through with some of the previous  appointees and with some of the problems at the VA now have a chance to  be overridden and solved and that we will step forward in a new day for  the VA.   We no longer want somebody who is going to make excuses for the VA.  We want somebody who is going to make a difference at the VA. Robert  Wilkie understands the needs of our veterans in rural areas. He  understands their needs in large urban cities. He understands the  threat of suicide and the need to have mental health care accessible  and available to our veterans at all times. He knows all of the things  we need to do. He also knows we have given him a quiver of arrows that  he can use as he hunts through the VA to root out the bad players and  lift the big players.   The VA MISSION Act, as Jon Tester just mentioned, is absolutely rule  No. 1. The implementation of that change gives our veterans the choice,  our rural veterans the access, our urban veterans the accountability,  and the VA the chance to maximize the delivery of healthcare services  to our veterans at a cost that, over time, will be less than if the VA  had done it all by itself.   The VA is a tremendous organization. It is the state of the art in  many things--in ophthalmology, for example, and in treating a lot of  the signature wounds that we have today from the war--PTSD and all of  those. Our VA does a phenomenal job with all of those. Yet there are a  lot of healthcare services that are routine for which veterans  shouldn't have to wait 3, 4, and 5 months but that they ought to be  able to get in a reasonably accessible period of time. They ought to be  able to get services closest to home, where they are, and be able to  get them from those who can deliver the services to them when they need  them. The VA MISSION Act lets that happen.   I am going to say a few things tonight in my remarks on the early  warnings with regard to the VA MISSION Act--that it is costing a lot of  money because they are going to see some requests come in for money.  Yes, it is going to take us a little while to get over the bubble with  the initial implementation, but when we do, we are going to minimize  the cost and give greater service to the veterans and, over time,  reduce the cost to our veterans.   Every time we don't require the VA to build another hospital or  another clinic, we are lowering the cost of our real estate and  uplifting the opportunity for us to spend more money on services. Every  time we have doctors in hospitals who treat veterans who want to  participate in the VA MISSION Act and the Veterans Choice Program, they  will not have to add all of the other costs of infrastructure, and our  veterans will get better choice, better service, better medical care,  and better time.   This is an opportunity to make the change of a lifetime. We are going  to make the VA something it has always wanted to be and give the  veterans something they always thought they had--the best possible care  at the most affordable price to the taxpayer. We will deliver a  difference for our veterans and their families.   I am proud of what the committee did 2 weeks ago when it passed the  VA MISSION Act and when it brought about caregivers' legislation for  those family members so that they may take care of loved ones from the  Vietnam war era. We are going to have bills coming up that have to do  with the Navy and other things like that in the year ahead. We have a  lot of things we are going to do.   I want us to stop, here and now, dragging out old stories about the  VA and talking about what the VA isn't and, instead, talk about what it  is. I want to give a specific example. The press needs to stop giving a  3-, 4-, 5-year IG's report and reporting it as today's news. Jon and I  have spent more time in responding to reports about the IG or someone  else--I am just picking on the IG--and about failures within the VA  when, in fact, it turns out that they are from a study from 2006 when  we finally get the report. They make a big deal out of it as if it were  yesterday.   Most of the issues from the Veterans Administration's major stories-- I didn't say ``all,'' and it never will be all--are being met and  addressed faster than ever before. We have to report the good news as  well as the tough news. I will stand there and respond to the tough  news all day long, but I hate it when I have to call my own press  conference to talk about what is really going on at the VA that is  really good.   It is absolutely essential that we be in partnership with the media-- the VA itself, the VA's employees, its service providers, and all of us  in our roles in Congress as committee chairs, in leadership. It is  essential that all of us join in and put our arms together and move  forward in order to have a stronger, more productive, more responsible  VA.   I mentioned the VA MISSION Act and accountability. We have finally  given the VA the ability to hold its employees accountable, which we  have been meaning to do for a long, long time, and it is making a  difference. We have the Whistleblower Protection Act, which gives  whistleblowers the chance to make reports for things that they see,  know, and do that are difficult and should be corrected. We have given  them some degree of reasonable protection so that they are not run over  instead. That is something that is important to do.   We have talked about accountability. We have talked about all kinds  of things. We will talk about one last thing, and that is rural  America.   Certainly, with Jon, I have gained a greater impression than I have  before of the problems that rural America faces. Georgia has a large  rural population, but, quite frankly, Georgia is a big State, and  Atlanta is a big city. When you go outside Atlanta, you still have  Savannah, Augusta, and a lot of places that are much bigger than the  biggest city in Montana. We owe those veterans who are more distant  from the services we provide, because of where they live, the  opportunity to get the services faster and quicker. We are going to do  that with the VA MISSION Act. I appreciate Jon's leadership in doing  that as it has made a real difference.   What I have tried to do with the hotlines on mental health for the  veterans who call in--whose lives are in danger or who are in danger of  taking their own lives or who need help or counseling then and now--is  to make sure they are no longer getting hung up on, to make sure they  are no longer getting referred to other operators, to make sure they  are no longer getting called back tomorrow after leaving voice mails.  It is to make sure they are getting action right here and right now-- today. We owe it to our veterans whose lives are at risk today--the  same thing they do every day when they serve us in uniform and their  lives are at risk every day overseas.   We have a chance to do a wonderful thing, and that is to keep our  promise. We have to change and deliver quality healthcare to our  veterans and deliver a better response to our veterans than they have  ever had before. We have the chance to fix the problems that we have  had and to look to the future for new solutions to other problems that  will face us. We owe our veterans no less than the best Secretary in  Robert Wilkie, and we have him in Robert Wilkie.   I told Robert: You have no excuses. I have heard all of the excuses I  ever want to hear about this. We know what we have to do, and we know  when we need to do it. It is now. We have to know how to do it, and it  is with you as the Secretary of the VA.   I commend him to my fellow Members of the U.S. Senate.   I thank Chairman Roe, from the House of Representatives, and for the  hard work that they have done in bringing this together with Jon and I  and seeing to it we have a great Secretary.   We are going to lock arms and be in lockstep next year to make the VA  perform even better than it has before. We are here to make sure that  the VA has no excuses on the results, that it gets the backing it needs  from us, that those veterans who have served us get the healthcare they  need, and that the veterans who join us today to defend us in the  future will have it there when they retire.   I urge Senators to vote for Secretary Robert Wilkie to be Secretary  of the  [[Page S5122]]  VA, our 10th most recent VA appointee, and to give him a unanimous vote  today, which is the kind of support he needs to move forward in the  21st century.   God bless all for being here today. I thank the Senators for their  votes. I thank Senator Tester for his support as ranking member, and I  thank the Senator from Kansas for his support throughout the year.   I yield to the Senator from North Carolina.    Mr. President, I yield back all time.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   