 Mr. President, let me thank the Senator from  Wisconsin.   Like Wisconsin, Rhode Island has a one-word motto as well. Hers is  ``Forward.'' Ours is ``Hope.'' Together, they point in the right  direction.   Americans are dissatisfied. Opinion surveys tell us that only 35  percent of Americans believe our country is headed in the right  direction. Why this alarming dissatisfaction? We don't have to guess.  Popular opinion tells us quite plainly. In a survey taken after the  2016 election, 85 percent of voters agreed that the wealthy and big  corporations were the ones really running the country. That includes 80  percent of voters who supported Trump. It is not just opinion. Academic  studies have looked at Congress and confirmed that the views of the  general public have statistically near zero influence here--that we  listen to big, corporate special interests and their various front  groups.   Even our Supreme Court is not immune. In a 2014 poll, more  respondents believed, by 9 to 1, that our Supreme  [[Page S1680]]  Court favors corporations over individuals rather than vice versa. Even  among self-identified conservative Republicans, it was still a 4-to-1  margin.   So hold that thought: The wealthy and powerful corporations control  Congress, and people know it.   As I give my 200th ``Time to Wake Up'' speech, the most obvious fact  standing plainly before me is not the measured sea level rise at Naval  Station Newport; it is not the 400 parts per million carbon dioxide  barrier we have broken through in the atmosphere; it is not the new  flooding maps that coastal communities like Rhode Island's must face;  it is not the West aflame; it is not even the uniform consensus about  climate change across universities, National Laboratories, scientific  societies, and even across our military and intelligence services,  which warn us, as Senator Reed indicated, that climate change is  fueling economic and social disruption around the world.   No. The fact that stands out for me, here at No. 200, is the  persistent failure of Congress to even take up the issue of climate  change. One party will not even talk about it. One party in the  executive branch is even gagging America's scientists and civil  servants and striking the term ``climate change'' off of government  websites. In the real world, in actual reality, we are long past any  question as to the reality of climate change. The fact of that forces  us to confront the questions: What stymies Congress from legislating or  from even having hearings about climate change? What impels certain  executive agencies to forbid even the words?    No. I intend to give my remarks, but I appreciate the  Senator's intervention.   Before the Citizens United decision was delivered up by the five  Republican appointees on the Supreme Court--a decision, by the way,  that deserves a place on the trash heap of judicial history--we were  actually doing quite a lot about climate change in the Senate. There  were bipartisan hearings. There were bipartisan bills. There were  bipartisan negotiations. Senator McCain campaigned for President under  the Republican banner on a strong climate platform.   What happened? Here is what I saw happen: The fossil fuel industry  went over and importuned the Supreme Court for the Citizens United  decision; the five Republican-appointed judges on the Court delivered  the Citizens United decision; and the fossil fuel industry was ready  and set at the mark when that decision came down.   Since the moment of that decision, not one Republican in this body  has joined one serious piece of legislation to reduce carbon dioxide  emissions. Our Senate heartbeat of bipartisan activity was killed dead  by the political weaponry unleashed for big special interests by those  five judges.   The fossil fuel industry then made a clever play. It determined to  control one party on this question. It determined to silence or punish  or remove any dissent in one political party. This created for the  fossil fuel industry two advantages.   First, it got to use that party as its tool to stop climate  legislation, and it has. Remember the movie ``Men in Black''? I would  make the analogy that today's Republican Party bears the same relation  to the fossil fuel industry as to climate change that the unfortunate  farmer in ``Men in Black'' bore to the alien who killed him and  occupied his skin for the rest of the movie--complete occupation with  nothing left but the skin.   The second advantage for the fossil fuel industry is that it could  camouflage its own special interest special pleading as partisanship  and not just the muscle and greed of one very big industry that wanted  to have its way.   That is why we are where we are. That is why one's talking to  Republicans about climate change resembles one's talking to prisoners  about escape. They may want out, but they can't have their fossil fuel  wardens find out.   Climate change is a prime example of how our institutions are failing  in plain view of the American people. It is a small wonder the public  holds Congress in low esteem and thinks we don't listen to them.  Frankly, it is amazing that there is any shred of esteem remaining  given our behavior.   Congress remains a democratic body on the surface with all the  procedural veneer and trappings of democracy as we hold votes and as  there are caucuses and hearings. Yet, on issues like climate change,  which most concern the biggest special interests, Congress no longer  provides America a truly functioning democracy.   Underneath the illusory democratic surface runs subterranean rivers  of dark money. Massive infrastructures have been erected to hide that  dark money flow from the sunlight of public scrutiny to carve  out subterranean caverns through which the dark money flows.    If you want to understand why we do nothing on climate, you have to  look down into those subterranean chambers, understand the dark money,  and not be fooled by the surface spectacle. Of course, it is not just  the spending of dark money that is the problem. When you let unlimited  money loose in politics, particularly once you let unlimited dark money  loose in politics, you empower something even more sinister than  massive anonymous political expenditures; you empower the threat of  massive anonymous political expenditures--the sinister whispered  threat. Once you let a special interest spend unlimited dark money, you  necessarily let it threaten or promise to spend that money.   Those sinister threats and promises will be harder to detect even  than the most obscured dark money expenditures. You may not know who is  behind a big dark money expenditure, but at least you will see it. You  will see the smear ads. You may not know what is up, but you will know  something is up. But a threat? A couple of people, a back room, and a  silent handshake are enough. If you give a thug a big enough club, he  doesn't even have to use it to get his way. This is the great,  insidious evil of Citizens United, and this, I believe, is why we are  where we are.   In the Gilded Age, the Senate was described as having Senators who  didn't actually represent States but ``principalities and powers in  business.'' One Senator represents the Union Pacific Railway system,  another the New York Central, still another the insurance interests of  New York and New Jersey. We cannot pretend it is impossible for the  United States to be disabled and corrupted by special interests. Our  history refutes that thought. So, as Americans, we need to keep our  guard up against corrupting forces, and this unlimited dark flow of  money into our politics is a corrupting force.   Congress's embarrassing and culpable failure to act on climate change  is one face of a coin. Turn it over, and the obverse of that coin is  corruption exactly as the Founding Fathers knew it--the public good  ignored for special interests' wielding power. In this case, it is the  power of money--climate failure, dark money; dark money, climate  failure. They are two sides of the same evil coin. If that thought is  not cheerful enough, wait. There is more.   There is the phony science operation that gives rhetorical cover to  the dark money political muscle operation. This phony science operation  is a big effort, with dozens of well-funded front groups that  participate that are supported by bogus think tanks, well described as  the ``think tank as the disguised political weapon.''   Today's phony science operation has a history. It grew out of the  early phony science operation run by the tobacco industry, which was  set up to create doubt among the public that cigarettes were bad for  you. How did that work out? I will tell you how. That effort was so  false and so evil that it was determined in court to be fraud--a  massive corporate-led fraud.   After the tobacco fraud apparatus was exposed, it didn't disappear.  It morphed into an even more complex apparatus to create false doubt  about climate science. The goal, exactly like the tobacco companies'  fraud, is to create something that looks enough like science to confuse  the public but which has the perverse purpose of defeating and  neutralizing real science. It is a science denial apparatus. By the  way, this fossil fuel-funded science denial apparatus has some big  advantages over real science.   First, the science denial apparatus has unlimited money behind it.  The IMF has put the subsidy of the fossil fuel industry at $700 billion  per year in the United States alone. To defend a $700 billion annual  subsidy, you can spend enormous amounts of money, so money is no  object.  [[Page S1681]]    Second, the science denial apparatus doesn't waste time with peer  review--the touchstone of real science. Slap a lab coat on a hack, and  send him to the talk shows. That is enough. The science denial  apparatus is public relations dressed up as science so it behaves like  public relations and goes straight to its market--an inexpert public-- to work its mischief.   Third, it has the advantage of Madison Avenue tacticians to shape its  phony message into appealing sound bites for the public. Have you read  a scientific journal lately? The Madison Avenue message gets through a  lot more sharply.   Fourth, the science denial apparatus doesn't need to stop lying when  it is caught. As long as it is getting its propaganda out, the truth  doesn't matter. This is not a contest for truth; it is a contest for  public opinion. So debunked, zombie arguments constantly rise from the  Earth and walk again.   Finally, it doesn't have to win the argument. It just has to create  the illusion, the false illusion, that there is a legitimate argument.  Then the political muscle those five Justices gave this industry can go  to work.   I suggest, 200 speeches in, that it is time we stopped listening to  the industry that comes to us bearing one of the most flagrant  conflicts of interest in history. It is time we stopped listening to  their fraudulent science denial operation. It is time we put the light  of day on this creepy dark money operation and stopped listening to its  threats and promises.   If we are going to stop listening to all of that, whom should we  listen to? How about Pope Francis, who called climate change ``one of  the principal challenges facing humanity in our day.'' How about the  scientists--we pay hundreds of them across our government--whose  salaries our appropriators are funding right now and who, under  President Trump, released this report? This report reads that there is  ``no convincing alternative explanation'' for what it calls ``global,  long-term, and unambiguous warming'' and ``record-breaking, climate- related weather extremes.'' It is our human activity.   How about listening to our intelligence services, whose ``Worldwide  Threat Assessment,'' issued under President Trump and signed by our  former colleague, the Director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats,  actually has a chapter titled ``Environment and Climate Change.'' Here  are the identified consequences in that report: ``humanitarian  disasters, conflict, water and food shortages, population migration,  labor shortfalls, price shocks, and power outages,'' and most  dangerously, the prospect of--and I quote the ``Worldwide Threat  Assessment'' here--``tipping points in climate-linked earth systems''  that can create ``abrupt climate change.''   Or how about listening to Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Jr., and Ivanka  Trump, Eric Trump, and the Trump organization in 2009, when they took  out this full-page ad in the New York Times saying that the science of  climate change was ``irrefutable,'' and its consequences would be  ``catastrophic and irreversible.'' Donald J. Trump, chairman and  president--where did that guy go?   How about listening to our own home State universities. Every one of  us can go home to Old Miss or Ohio State, to the University of Alaska  or LSU, to Utah State or West Virginia University or Texas A&M. We can  each go home to our home State's State university. They don't just  accept climate change; they teach it. They teach it.   If you can listen quietly, you can listen to the oceans. They speak  to us, the oceans do. They speak to us through thermometers, and they  say: We are warming. They speak to us through tide gauges, and they  say: We are rising along your shores. They speak to us through the howl  of hurricanes powered up by their warmer sea surfaces. They speak to us  through the quiet flight of fish species from their traditional grounds  as the seawater warms beyond their tolerance.   If we know how to listen, through simple pH tests, the oceans will  tell us that they are acidifying. The oceans will tell us that they are  beginning to kill their own corals and oysters and pteropods. We can go  out and check and see the corals and the oysters and the pteropods  corrode and die before our eyes. It is happening.   The fishermen who plow the oceans' surface can speak for the oceans.  As one Rhode Islander said to me: ``Sheldon, it's getting weird out  there.''   ``This is not my grandfather's ocean,'' said another. He had grown up  trawling with his granddad on those oceans.   It is not just oceans. I went on Lake Erie with seasoned,  professional fishermen who told me that everything they had learned in  a lifetime on the lake was useless because the lake was changing on  them so unknowably fast.   We choose here in Congress to whom we are going to listen, and it is  time we started to listen to the honest voices and the true voices. If  you don't like environmentalists or scientists, listen to your ski  industry. Listen to your fishermen and lumbermen. Listen to your  gardeners and birders and hunters. Listen to those who know the Earth  and the oceans and who can speak for the Earth and the oceans.   It is an evil mess we are in, and if there is any justice in this  world, there will one day be a terrible price to pay if we keep  listening to evil voices.   The climate change problems we are causing by failing to act are a  sin, as Pope Francis has flatly declared, but that is not the only sin.  To jam Congress up, fossil fuel interests are interfering with and  corrupting American democracy, and to corrupt American democracy is a  second and a grave sin.   The science denial apparatus--to mount a fraudulent challenge to the  very enterprise of science, that is a third grave sin.   Perhaps worst of all is that the world is watching. It is watching us  as the fossil fuel industry, its creepy billionaires, its front groups,  its bogus think tanks all gang up and debauch our democracy.   From John Winthrop to Ronald Reagan, we have held America up as a  city on a hill, with the eyes of the world upon us. From  Daniel  Webster to Bill Clinton, we have spoken of the power of our American  example as greater in the world than any example of our power. Lady  Liberty in New York Harbor holds her lamp up to the world, representing  our American beacon of truth, justice, and democracy.   I have a distinct memory, traveling with our friend John McCain to  Manila and waking up early in the morning to go visit our American  military cemetery, the Sun coming up over the rows of white gravestones  standing over our dead, the massive, gleaming marble arcade of names,  carved on walls stretching high over my head, of the Americans whose  bodies were never recovered--over 17,000 in all, remembered in that  cemetery.   After their sacrifice, after the accomplishments of the ``greatest  generation,'' can we not do better than to sell our democracy to the  fossil fuel industry? What do you suppose a monument to that would look  like? I wonder.   America deserves better, and the world is watching us; we, this city  on a hill.   With gratitude to the many colleagues who have joined me today, I  yield the floor.   