 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I really appreciate the chairman of the Armed Services  Committee and the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee for  working with me on this amendment.   I rise in support of the amendment to clarify Congress' intent with  regard to energy security and conservation programs at Fort Knox.   In January 2009, a major ice storm hit my district, crippling local  infrastructure for days. This outage across the region also affected  Fort Knox, due to the post's reliance on the local energy grid.   This weather event highlighted a vulnerability that local leaders at  Fort Knox took very seriously and had already been working for years to  mitigate. With the full support of the Pentagon, the leaders on post  and in the community around Fort Knox have made great strides to make  Fort Knox the Army's first energy-secure installation. This really is a  great story and one that we in Congress should support.   My amendment is about how natural gas fits into the complex, highly  sophisticated energy security program at Fort Knox, Kentucky being  blessed with natural gas. The award-winning combination of features and  the Fort Knox energy program ranges from new power generation  facilities to a geothermal pond, infrared heating system, extensive  energy efficiency upgrades, and even a solar array. The dashboard in  the control room is incredible to see as energy officials can remotely  observe and analyze current energy consumption and efficiency, isolated  to the level of individual rooms in the buildings on post.   While the energy conservation program started in the 1970s, the  natural gas story really came into focus a little over 10 years ago  when the Army established service contracts with local companies to  drill and pump methane gas on post. This is everything we want for our  national security: energy independence and security that saves Federal  money, off-the-grid capability during moments of a national crisis, and  utilizing energy resources efficiency as close to the source as  possible.   Natural gas has been produced and used on post since 2009 and makes  up about 28 percent of annual needs. The amount of gas produces enough  for an entire summer load. However, the catch is, and why we are here  with this amendment, that the Interior Department has raised concerns  because the Army did not go through the typical Bureau of Land  Management lease process.   The Bureau of Land Management lease process will not work for this  kind of operation because it is not in our national security interest  to give mineral rights for DOD property to a third party. The Army  should be able to access the resources on post for consumption and use  on post without having to go through a third party or remit royalties.   This amendment simply allows Fort Knox to continue their great energy  security success story and gives them the ability to remain the number  one energy-secure Army installation.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I just want to close by saying that it is  owned by the American people, the military, which is why we are here  today at the national level. It is owned by the American people. There  are things that we can work through so that we can move forward.   Fort Knox is an economic driver in the community. The Federal tax  dollars that come to Fort Knox to support our men and women contribute  greatly to that community. Being energy secure is a vital component  when we look at the overall needs of the Army and the importance of  every Army post, and Fort Knox can certainly make a great claim, being  off the grid and being able to operate in times of national  emergencies.   So I do think this has been thought through. I think instead of going  through the other process, we need to move forward and let the  Department of Defense do what the Pentagon had sent Fort Knox forward  to do.   Mr. Chair, I appreciate the comments of my friend from California,  but I do think this is the right policy to move forward, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   