 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his hard work  and leadership on our committee.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Tipton, for  being such a champion for this initiative and others to bring about a  more responsible, effective regulatory regime. For years, Members on  both sides of the aisle have advocated for a more tailored, commonsense  approach to Federal banking regulation. We have all said, time and time  again, that rules designed for large institutions shouldn't apply to  community banks and smaller credit unions.   We pressed the Federal financial regulators to take into  consideration the risk profile and business models of institutions. In  their appearances before the Financial Services Committee and in  response to congressional letters and calls, the regulators tell us  they are tailoring regulations and supervisory requirements based on  individual institutions. They tell us what we want to hear, that one  size fits all; but, Mr. Speaker, these institutions have yet to see  this relief that they really need.   We lose a community bank or a credit union every day in this country.  Today we have an opportunity to work together in an effort to change  that, to make sure that our constituents continue to have access to the  services they need and to achieve financial independence. We are doing  a disservice to our communities and the people we represent if we  continue to allow rules intended for the largest firms to be forced  upon our small financial institutions.   Mr. Speaker, I have got a couple of 6-year-old grandsons. When they  come over to the house and they want to play basketball, they can't hit  a 10-foot goal, so we need to lower the goal in order for them to be  able to play. Otherwise, they are going to quit; they get tired,  frustrated; and they go away.   This is what is happening with our smaller institutions. They are  saddled with rules and regulations that are for the larger  institutions, yet they have to play that same game and experience the  same costs. As a result, they are going out of business at the rate of  one a day.   This bipartisan bill is straightforward and one that every Member of  this body should be able to support. Mr. Tipton's legislation simply  requires the Federal financial regulators to actually consider the risk  profile and business model of a financial institution and to tailor  regulatory actions accordingly.   Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank the gentleman from Colorado for  his outstanding work on this legislation and ask my colleagues for the  support of the TAILOR Act.   