 Mr. President, my motion to instruct conferees to the  minibus appropriations bill, H.R. 5895, is a simple 6-month extension  of the National Flood Insurance Program, currently set to expire July  31, 2018--in about 2 weeks. The same timeline in this motion was passed  by the Senate a few weeks ago by unanimous consent during consideration  of the farm bill.   The National Flood Insurance Program insures properties in every  State, insuring over 5 million homes and businesses and $1.2 trillion  in assets. If the NFIP is not extended, people will not be able to  renew or purchase new flood insurance policies, and more people would  be without flood insurance during peak hurricane season. This is so to  the moment because, given the series of emergency supplemental  appropriations bills the Senate has passed, an expiration of the NFIP  puts the U.S. taxpayer in the very vulnerable position of funding more  uninsured losses in emergency supplemental appropriations legislation.   I thank Senators Crapo and Brown for their work in providing a path  forward to a bipartisan long-term reauthorization of the NFIP, which  ideally includes commonsense reforms providing for greater investment  in flood mitigation, updated flood mapping technology, greater  accountability, and consumer choice. However, these discussions will  not conclude in the next 2 weeks, prior to the upcoming NFIP expiration  deadline.   It is imperative that Congress provide for a 6-month extension of  NFIP now, so progress can continue on long-term reauthorization and  reform of the NFIP through the Banking Committee.   I urge my colleagues to vote to protect the taxpayer, the homeowner,  and to support this motion to instruct.    Mr. President, I have a motion to instruct conferees at  the desk, and I ask for its immediate consideration.    Mr. President, very briefly, this is a 6-month  reauthorization of current law, which will allow continued work for a  longer term reauthorization. It protects American families and the U.S.  taxpayers from the consequences of a lapsed program during peak  hurricane season.   I urge its adoption.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   