 Mr. President, the United States is just one of seven  countries in the entire world that currently allow elective abortions  after 20 weeks of pregnancy, and we are not in good company on that  list. Of the other six countries that allow elective abortions at that  very late stage of the child's development, half of those countries  have authoritarian governments--communist governments with horrible  records when it comes to human rights.   Yes, our abortion laws are as extreme and inhumane as the abortion  laws in Vietnam, China, and North Korea. It pains me--and it should  pain all Americans--that the United States lags so very far behind the  rest of the world in protecting the unborn, protecting human beings,  simply because they have yet to take their first breath.   Twenty weeks is the fifth month of pregnancy. Think about what that  means. At that stage, the unborn child is about 10 inches long from  head to toe. He or she is roughly the size of a banana. A baby at this  stage sleeps and wakes in the womb. She sucks her thumb, makes faces,  and, in some cases, might even see light filtering in through the womb.   By 20 weeks, if not before, science suggests that the baby can also  feel pain. Each year in this country, more than 10,000 abortions occur  after this point in the baby's development. Today, we have a chance to  stop this grave injustice.   Moments ago, this body voted on the Pain-Capable Unborn Child  Protection Act, a bill that would prohibit abortions after the 20th  week of pregnancy. This is a commonsense restriction that is supported  by a majority of Americans. More than 6 in 10 Americans support a ban  on abortion after 20 weeks, according to a Marist poll conducted  earlier this month. Not only that, but a majority of Democrats--56  percent--said they would support an abortion ban at 20 weeks. Yes, this  bill does, in fact, have widespread support, and it would bring America  back into the mainstream of nations.   More importantly, this bill is just. It is humane. It is the right  thing to do. It is the natural outcome of any question asked with a  degree of moral probity: Is this right?   The reason we signed up for this job is to fight for what is right.  And it is wrong--self-evidently wrong--that our country allows 5-month- old unborn babies to be killed. We, in this body, have a moral duty to  protect those vulnerable human beings, but I have no illusions that  this will be easy.   We have to overcome the misinformation of the abortion industry. This  is a powerful special interest group that wants to keep abortion legal  right up to the moment of birth. The abortion industry is attacking  this bill by denying that there is any evidence that unborn babies can  feel pain at 20 weeks. The linchpin of its argument is a 2005 study  that claimed unborn babies could not feel pain until the 30th week of  pregnancy. What the abortion industry never mentions, of course, is  that this study was written by individuals with significant and, I  would add, undisclosed ties to the abortion industry itself.   As reported by the Philadelphia Inquirer, the study's lead author,  who was not a doctor but a medical student, previously worked for  NARAL. Another of the study's authors actually performed abortions as  the medical director of an abortion clinic.   How convenient that the abortion industry's denial of fetal pain  rests on a study by its own employees. If I recall, the tobacco  industry tried something similar when they denied that cigarettes cause  cancer. As always, the antidote to misinformation is more information,  and the antidote to bad science is good science.   I have three studies that address the topic of fetal pain  specifically. They were all published after the abortion industry's  favorite study--the one they prefer to acknowledge to the exclusion of  all others. Unlike that study--the one they prefer to the exclusion of  all others--none of these studies are compromised by a conflict of  interest.   This one is by the International Association for the Study of Pain.  It concludes: ``The available scientific evidence makes it possible,  even probable, that fetal pain perception occurs well before late  gestation.'' The study pinpoints fetal pain to the ``second trimester''  of pregnancy, ``well before the third trimester.''   Here is another study by the American Association of Pharmaceutical  Scientists. It concludes that ``the basis for pain perception appear[s]  at about 20 to 22 weeks from conception.''   Finally, here is a 2012 study published in the Journal of Maternal- Fetal and Neonatal Medicine. This paper states that there is evidence  that unborn children can feel pain beginning at 20 weeks. The authors  note that at this stage, unborn children have pain receptors in their  skin, recoil in response to sharp objects like needles, and release  stress hormones when they are harmed.   They conclude: ``We should suppose that the fetus can feel pain. . .  . When the development of the fetus is equal to that of a premature  baby.''   I could go on, but I think that is enough for now. The takeaway is  this. The science at a minimum suggests that unborn children can feel  pain around 20 weeks. It can feel the abortionists' instruments as they  do their grisly work.   These children feel until they cannot. That possibility alone--the  mere possibility--should be chilling to us, and that possibility alone  should have us rushing to ban abortion at 20 weeks. I implore my  colleagues who didn't vote for this to reconsider and, the next time  they have an opportunity to support it, to vote yes on the Pain-Capable  Unborn Child Protection Act.   A vote for this bill is a vote to protect some of the most vulnerable  members of the human family. And yes, we are talking about members of  the human family. The life form we are talking about is not a puppy; it  is not some other form of animal. This is a human being we are talking  about. This is something that instinctively calls out for us. We think  about the needs of the most vulnerable among us, and we should be eager  to protect them.   Together, we can move our country's laws away from those of North  Korea and China and toward our most fundamental belief that all human  beings are created equal and that they have an unalienable right to  life.   I yield the floor.   