 Mr. President, it is such a privilege to be here on the  Senate floor today on this occasion as we work our way through another  set of appropriations bills. Today we are working on the Defense  appropriations bill and the bill we call Labor-H, which involves the  Department of Health and Human Services, which includes the National  Institutes of Health, or NIH.   The Senator from West Virginia was correct in her commentary with  regard to this being a good day, but she was also correct in her  commentary about the number of people, including, especially, the  chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Blunt from Missouri, and the  ranking member of that subcommittee, Senator Murray from Washington  State, and I too serve on the subcommittee.   I am also pleased to be here with the Senator from West Virginia,  Mrs. Capito, and the Senator from Maine, Ms. Collins. It is an  indication that there is broad support. I also notice that the ranking  member, the vice chairman of the committee, is with us as well, Senator  Leahy from Vermont.   For as long as I have been in the U.S. Senate--and I have been a  member of the Appropriations Committee since that arrival--it has been  a mission of mine to see that we increase the amount of funding for the  National Institutes of Health. Today we particularly highlight the  consequences--the good things that happen--in that regard, with the  diseases of the mind--Alzheimer's, in particular.   Alzheimer's is a devastating disease that places such an enormous  burden on so many people, on so many families across Kansas and around  the country, and it has a huge impact on lives. There are currently  more than 5 million Americans living with Alzheimer's and their  combined care costs $259 billion to our healthcare system each year.   I appreciate the opportunity to work on issues that combine the  opportunity to help individuals and the care and compassion that come  from one's heart to see that people's lives are improved and that  families are changed as a result of the work. I also appreciate the  opportunity to work on issues in which the mind kicks in and in which  we can save significant dollars in our healthcare delivery system by  finding the cure to Alzheimer's and delaying the onset of this horrific  disease.   It is estimated that by 2050, this number--the $259 billion to our  healthcare system costs--could rise as high as 16 million people with  Alzheimer's, or from 5 million to 16 million, and increase the cost  from $259 billion to over $1 trillion. In fact, an individual develops  Alzheimer's almost every single minute in our country. These  predictions do not need to become a reality. That is what this  Appropriations Committee report that we will discuss, debate, and vote  on this week involves. These astronomical costs can be curbed if this  disease can be made treatable and curable   There is hope that progress is being made. I am hopeful, but I know  that progress is being made. We have seen it. This past decade has  bought a significantly increased awareness to Alzheimer's research, as  well as important partnerships and developments at the National  Alzheimer's Project, which is updated on an annual basis.   NIH researchers are now able to study an increased level of small  images of proteins, including detailed physical structures of the brain  that are common in individuals suffering from Alzheimer's. This new  development could be the piece that brings the research and data  together to find a way to reverse the disease's impact on the human  brain. What a wonderful development that would be.   The only way to build on this progress is to solidify our commitment  to supporting the National Institutes of Health through our annual  funding increases. Again, I am pleased to see that we are once again  adding significant dollars to the NIH, and particularly to NIA, for  this research.  [[Page S5878]]    As a cofounder of the Senate NIH caucus, I visited NIH headquarters  last year with directors of the University of Kansas Alzheimer's  Disease Center. It is one of 31 NIH-designated Alzheimer's disease  centers across our country. The promising research that we see at home  at the KU Alzheimer's Disease Center demonstrates the benefits of NIH  utilizing partnerships to increase research capacity that yields  results.   It is critical to note that NIH's ability to support Alzheimer's at  academic institutions such as KU is dependent upon stable annual  appropriations. That stable annual appropriation is also important for  us to be able to attract the best and the brightest researchers in this  country, who need to know there is a stable source of research dollars  for them to continue their efforts of finding this cure and delaying it  at its onset.   So many of us care for people who have been affected by Alzheimer's  and serious illnesses. This unfortunate circumstance that many share  should make it easy to rally around NIH in hopes of that cure and  improving the lives of those we love.   I am proud to say that with this proposed increase of $425 million in  fiscal year 2019, we have now worked to nearly triple the funding for  Alzheimer's disease research over the past 3 years.   In addition to our work in the appropriations process, there are a  number of legislative efforts that are under way. I will mention two of  them: the BOLD Act and PCHETA. These are legislative initiatives  sponsored by many of us who are speaking today about Alzheimer's that  on the authorizing side, separate from the appropriations side, are  deserving of the support of my colleagues here in the Senate, in the  House of Representatives, and in our bill, which should be sent to the  President of the United States for signature.   As a committee and as a Congress, we must work to provide the  necessary support to NIH to discover treatments and cures, and we will  continue to do that with this bill today.   I also want to take a moment to recognize a couple of people. In my  involvement in this issue, and, as a matter of fact, in my involvement  as a U.S. Senator with issues in general, we meet lots of interesting  and caring people. There is a family I have met who, to the best of my  knowledge, has nothing personally to gain from their efforts. Bob and  Jill Thomas and brother Bill and Susan Thomas from Oklahoma have been  relentless, tireless advocates on behalf of the Alzheimer's community.  It is so pleasing to me to know people who have care and compassion for  people and who spend their time and their resources making sure that  Members of Congress, the American people, and the Alzheimer's  Association have the resources and information necessary to accomplish  the goal that we are all about: a better life for more Americans and  their families, the elimination of this disease that Americans now  face, and the opportunity for us to find the cure to this horrific  disease that affects so many.   So I want to use the moment to express my personal gratitude to Bob  and Jill and to Bill and Susan and to others across the country and  others in Kansas, who go to work, day to day, to make certain that life  is better for their fellow Americans and for people around the globe.   Again, it is an honor to be here with my colleagues in support of  this legislation. There are many reasons to be supportive of the Labor- HHS bill, but I would highlight this one as one that my colleagues can  rally around. Republicans and Democrats of all walks of life should be  pleased by our efforts today to see that there are more research  dollars available for the cure.   I appreciate the opportunity to join my colleagues.   I now yield the floor to the Senator from Maine, Ms. Collins.   