 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, over the past few weeks, we have all  endured the increasingly novel legal theories dreamt up by the  President and his lawyers regarding the special counsel's investigation  into the Russian interference in the 2016 election.   Over the weekend, we learned the President's lawyers wrote a memo  that asserted unfettered authority over all Federal investigations.  Rudy Giuliani actually suggested that the President could have ``shot  James Comey'' and not been indicted or prosecuted because, according to  him, ``in no case can [the President] be subpoenaed or indicted.'' Is  that incredible?   The President himself tweeted yesterday that he had the absolute  right to pardon himself and that the appointment of the special counsel  was unconstitutional, despite the fact that he regularly called for a  special counsel to look into Hillary Clinton during the 2016 campaign.  The two-facedness, the hypocrisy of saying Hillary should have it but,  no, it is unconstitutional now that it applies to him--how can the  American people tolerate that kind of thinking in a President? This  morning, again, President Trump faulted Attorney General Sessions for  recusing himself from the probe instead of helping to end it.   The President's tweet regarding Attorney General Sessions this  morning is part of a pattern where the President admits out loud and  shamelessly that he was trying to take steps to end the Russia probe.  First, in a television interview, the President admitted that stopping  the Russia probe was his motivation for firing Director Comey. Now he  says he would never have hired Sessions if he had known he was going to  recuse himself, even though recusal was required by Department of  Justice rules.   This latest stunning admission is just more evidence that the  President may have something to hide. If he did nothing wrong,  President Trump should welcome a thorough investigation to exonerate  him.   Each of the claims that I have mentioned has the same theme: That the  President believes he is above the law. Of course, we know the idea  that anyone in America is above the law is antithetical to the very  idea of America, antithetical to the very idea of democracy, and  antithetical to what millions of Americans have fought for and hundreds  of thousands--millions--have died for in the course of our history. We  don't have a King. We have a President, bound by the same Constitution  and the same laws that govern the average American citizen.   The Founding Fathers didn't set out to create a monarchy; they set  out to construct a system of government entirely distinct from the  monarchies of their time. That is why they installed checks and  balances and devolved power between three branches to ensure the  liberty of the people and guard against the encroachment of tyranny.  That was their great gift to us, and their ideas have kept American  democracy alive for two and one-half centuries and the admiration of  the world for an equal period of time. Trump is besmirching all of that  with his recent activities.   So despite what the President and his allies may feel about his  authority or his absolution from legal repercussions, the Constitution  and the founding principles of our country tell us he is dead wrong.  President Trump: We are not a monarchy. You are not a King. We are a  constitutional democracy, so act like it.   