 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7164, a bill to add Ireland to  the E-3 nonimmigrant visa program.   In 2005, soon after the United States and Australia finalized the  Australia-U.S. Free Trade Agreement, Congress created the E-3 program  for Australian nationals. That program provides up to 10,500 temporary  visas, similar to H-1B visas, for Australians seeking to work in the  United States in what are known as specialty occupations.   As with the H-1B program, specialty occupations are those that  require ``theoretical and practical application of a body of highly  specialized knowledge'' in fields such as science, engineering, and  computer programming.   Australia has never used more than a fraction of the 10,500 E-3 visas  that are made available each year in the program. In light of this  fact, this bill would add Ireland to the program, thus allowing Irish  nationals to use some of those remaining, unused visas. As amended, the  bill would take the number of E-3 visas left unused by Australia in a  given fiscal year and make that same number available to Irish  nationals the following fiscal year.   This is a commonsense bill that recognizes the important bond we  share with two of our country's closest and most steadfast allies.   I congratulate my friends, Mr. Sensenbrenner, former chairman of the  Judiciary Committee, and Mr. Neal, ranking member of the Ways and Means  Committee--soon to be chairman of the Ways and Means Committee--for  championing this bill. They both deserve credit for working across the  aisle on this issue.   I would be remiss, however, if I did not also point out the  continuing need to reform our immigration system in a more  comprehensive and fundamental manner. Small fixes such as this bill are  fine, but this body also must find ways to come together to enact  broader, more meaningful reforms of our immigration system for the good  of the American people.   With that, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Neal), the distinguished ranking member of the Ways  and Means Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield  myself the balance of my time.   I again urge every Member on both sides of the aisle to vote for this  bill. I applaud the bipartisan nature of it. I applaud Mr.  Sensenbrenner and Mr. Neal and Mr. Chabot for their roles in it, and  this is a useful thing to do. I urge passage of the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   