 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman  Conaway and my fellow conferees on reaching a conference agreement that  benefits all of agriculture. This bill maintains programs critical for  central Illinois farmers, strengthens agricultural research, and  improves protection for organic products.   First and foremost, this bill ensures crop insurance remains a vital  risk management tool for farmers. It also ensures farmers have a choice  between two different commodity protection programs, something I fought  for in the 2014 farm bill, and I am glad we were successful again in  this farm bill.   Consumer demand for organic products continues to increase, and this  bill makes positive changes to support organic products by placing  higher scrutiny on organic imports, helping farmers who seek organic  certification, and increasing funding for organic research.  [[Page H10123]]    The bill also strengthens agricultural research by including my bill  to ensure USDA's research focuses on agriculture's most-needed  priorities and helps universities like the University of Illinois,  Illinois State University, and Southern Illinois University at  Edwardsville, in my district, continue important research.   Additionally, ensuring rural communities have access to broadband is  an important part of this bill. Not only do we invest in expanding  broadband, we ensure rural communities have access to broadband that  will now meet minimum standards and requirements for today's  technological age.   We have written a strong bill for our farmers but, Mr. Speaker, 80  percent of this farm bill is related to SNAP, and that cannot be  ignored. We missed a golden opportunity to fill in the cracks of our  existing workforce development programs to get millions of families the  opportunity to get educational benefits to get them out of poverty with  the jobs that we know are available in this community.   I am disappointed we weren't successful, but I look forward to  supporting this bill.   