 Mr. President, I join my colleagues today. I thank Senator  Toomey from Pennsylvania and Senator Corker from Tennessee especially  for working this out.   Let's be clear. This is a rebuke of the President's abuse of trade  authority. The President has abused section 232 to impose tariffs on  steel and aluminum, impacting our allies, such as Canada, Mexico, and  countries in the EU. Can you imagine being in Canada and being told  that your steel and aluminum exports to the United States represent a  national security threat? Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau  rightfully called the President's recent tariffs an ``affront to the  longstanding security partnership between Canada and the United  States'' and, he continued, ``kind of insulting.''   Canada is the largest consumer of U.S. goods. It buys more goods from  the United States than China, Japan, and the UK combined. Canadian  companies operating in the United States directly employ 500,000  Americans. Canada and the United States share more than 5,500 miles of  a peaceful border. Close to 400,000 people cross that shared border  each day for business, pleasure, or to maintain family ties. Canada has  been our partner in the War on Terrorism since 2001. More than 40,000  Canadian Armed Forces members served alongside us in Afghanistan  between 2001 and 2014. Canada has been our ally, our partner, and our  friend, and now they are told that their steel and aluminum exports to  us represent a national security threat. That is an abuse of section  232 of the Trade Act.   I am so glad that Congress is finally pushing back on this. We have  neglected our constitutional role. We gave the President authority  years ago, under the 1962 act, to exempt from that act imports that  represent a true national security threat. These imports do not. This  is an abuse of that authority, and that is why Congress needs to speak  up today.  [[Page S4889]]    This is a nonbinding resolution. This will not have an effect that  will actually get to the President in legislation. That is the next  step, and we need to go there. We have to go there. Those voting on  this today need to know that is where we will go. We have to rein in an  abuse of Presidential authority and to restore Congress's  constitutional authority in this regard.    I thank my colleagues for bringing this to the floor. I urge all of  my colleagues to support it--not just that, but once we go from here,  taking this symbolic step, this nonbinding resolution, to take actual  steps on legislation that will return the actual authority to Congress  once again to impose or to manage tariffs.   With that, I yield back.   