 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Engel and Chairman  Royce for their bipartisan cooperation in this committee, and I thank  Representative Kinzinger for his leadership on promoting stability in  the Middle East overall.   Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of the bipartisan H.R. 4591, the  Preventing Destabilization of Iraq Act of 2018.   At the 2018 United Nations General Assembly, Iranian President  Rouhani spoke against foreign interventions and impositions of ``alien  wishes of the people of the region.'' Iran's Foreign Minister Javad  Zarif complained about countries that support ``nonstate actors who  wreak havoc through terror.'' They both might want to look in the  mirror.   In Iraq, Iranian-backed militias have committed human rights abuses  for years, executing and beating civilians and looting homes. These  same militias have taken roles in trying to influence Iraq's nascent  political system.   In Iraq's recent elections, IRGC Commander Qasem Soleimani personally  meddled in Iraq's political process by coercing Shiite parties with  differing views to form a parliamentary majority, one that presumably  would favor  [[Page H9596]]  Iran's agenda. This, of course, is only one example of Iranian  activities across the Middle East.   In Syria, Iranian-backed militias have done their own share of  murdering and looting. In Yemen, the Iranian-backed Houthis oppress  their own people and fire ballistic missiles at civilians in Saudi  Arabia. From Bahrain to Lebanon, Iran has played a destabilizing role.    H.R. 4591 would sanction any foreign person, not just Iranians,  conducting significant destabilizing activities in Iraq.   Corruption is endemic and rampant in Iraq's political system. Iraq's  long-term stability depends on a representative government that  reflects the will of the people.   This bill requires our government to review the status of two of  Tehran's proxies in Iran, HHN and AAH, and assess whether the State  Department should designate them as foreign terrorist organizations.   By 2011, AAH claimed responsibility for thousands of attacks on U.S.  and coalition forces, including the tragic 2007 attack on the Karbala  provincial headquarters, which resulted in the execution of four  Americans. The group is notorious for its use of explosively formed  penetrators, the devastating IEDs that have killed and maimed far too  many American troops and civilians.   HHN, a hybrid of fighters from AAH and Hezbollah Brigades of Iraq,  played an active role against Americans during the Iraq war, and now in  Syria's civil war, boasting of a unit in the Golan Heights targeting  Israel.   These groups claim they exist to protect Iraqis, but as the evidence  clearly demonstrates, they terrorize their countrymen and innocents  across the region.   But these militias are not the only security threat in Iraq. Although  the Islamic State has largely been driven from Iraq, the country still  faces a myriad of economic and political challenges. Left unaddressed,  Iraq could once again destabilize, creating a void for ISIS or other  extremists to fill and, once again, throw the region into chaos and  turmoil.   This summer, citizens of Basra, Iraq's second largest city, openly  protested the corruption and mismanagement that has tainted their water  supply and left their electrical grid in tatters. They directed some of  their anger at the Iranian-backed militias that have enriched  themselves while ordinary Iraqis suffered.   The Iraqi Government cannot provide the services its citizens so  desperately need while so much power is controlled by the militias. We  need to stand with and aid Iraqis that merely want to root out  corruption and malign foreign interference in their internal affairs.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4591.   