 Madam President, I am grateful for the comments the  Senator from Louisiana just shared. He is a physician. I am not a  physician. I am a chemical engineer, and I believe it is important, as  the Senator from Louisiana believes, that we look at science when we  have this debate about abortion.   Our Nation loses anywhere between 13,000 and 18,000 children a year  to late-term abortion. The numbers of children aborted overall are well  over 600,000. The focus on the debate today and on the vote coming up  this evening is on late-term abortion.   I remember a few months ago having a discussion with a young man, a  father of several children, about abortion. We were just two guys  chatting, having a snack in the kitchen. He brought up a question--he  didn't come from a pro-life perspective--and he asked my views.   He said: Let me ask you a question. At what point should an abortion  be legal? We took it out to the very end of gestation. If the baby is  literally ready to be delivered, should an abortion be allowed at that  moment? He said: Of course not.   OK. Well, let's back it up a day. What about if you are 8 months and  28 days, should abortion be allowed in that situation? Well, of course  not. That is way too close to the actual date of giving birth.   So we kind of moved upstream toward conception. So where do you draw  the line?   I believe that life begins at conception because that is that magical  moment when a life begins, when unique DNA is created, but I realize it  is a very contentious issue in our Nation. So one line we can draw is  at 20 weeks, and I will talk about why I think 20 weeks is a place we  can start to get bipartisan support to stop late-term abortions.   In fact, this young man I was chatting with teared up, and he said:  Steve, you realize that when we were pregnant with one of our  daughters--they have five children--at about 10 or 12 weeks they had a  test run because it looked like there may be an abnormality in the baby  and the doctor recommended an abortion.   He said: What is the alternative? We can wait a few more weeks, when  we have a better idea of what is going on there with that little baby,  but it puts the mother at perhaps a greater risk.   They decided to wait a few more weeks. A few weeks later when they  came back with the test, the baby came back clear, and they now have a  healthy, beautiful young girl who is 5 years old. With tears in his  eyes, he said: I am so glad we chose not to abort; that we chose life.   At 20 weeks, babies have 10 fingers and 10 toes. They can suck their  thumb. They can yawn. They can stretch. They can make faces. Science  also shows these babies are capable of feeling pain.   I became a first-time dad 28 years ago. I still remember taking David  to his first well-baby appointment, when Cindy and I would go to the  pediatrician and get those well-baby checks. When they would give them  shots--I think the hardest part as a parent is to see that nurse or  doctor give a shot to your little one. Those cries of pain were  excruciating for Cindy and for me. He doesn't remember it. We remember  it. It may indeed hurt us more than it hurt him at the time, but he  felt pain.   My heart breaks for those thousands of babies who are able to feel  pain as they are losing their life to abortion. Our ears may be deaf to  their cries physically, but we don't have to live in ignorance, not  when research, not when the science, not when common sense shows that  these unborn children can feel pain.   There is a reason unborn babies are given anesthesia with fetal  surgery. That is why we must pass the Pain-Capable Unborn Child  Protection Act. It is unconscionable as a nation we are allowing unborn  children as old as 20 weeks--5 months--well beyond halfway of the 9- month gestation period--that we allow them to be killed today in this  country.   In fact, do a Google search for ``20 weeks.'' You don't have to type  in ``baby.'' Just type in ``20 weeks.'' If you are watching this and  have a smartphone, a computer, type in ``20 weeks'' in the Google  search bar there and hit search or enter. Then, take a look at the  pictures that come up that match the simple term ``20 weeks.'' This is  one of the pictures you will see when you Google that.   I believe there is a principle that people believe what they discover  for themselves. What is happening right now is--because of technology,  because of the precision and the clarity of ultrasounds today, what we  can see now in the womb is incredible. It is no wonder the attitudes of  millennials--those ages 18 to 24--in the last 6 years are becoming  increasingly more pro-life, in fact up 9 points, from 44 percent to 53  percent. I think part of the reason is in the hands of their  smartphone. When you take a look at the images, how can you say that is  not a baby? That is a 20-week baby. We are on a horrible list of just  seven countries that allow elective abortions after 20 weeks. China and  North Korea join the United States on that list.   Before I got involved in politics and public service, I worked in the  private sector for 28 years. One of the companies I worked for was  Proctor & Gamble. While at Proctor & Gamble, I was asked to go to China  to help launch operations there to produce and sell products, Americans  brands, to the Chinese consumer.   I had a large operation. One day, one of my managers--a young man,  Chinese, wonderful, very bright, very capable, one of our future stars.  He and his wife were both P&G employees, both Chinese.   He said: Steve, I need to go to the police station this afternoon. I  said: Well, is there something wrong? He goes: Well, no. It is going to  be OK. Then he kind of looked away.   I said: But you are asking for time off of work to go to the police  station. Is there something I can help you with or is there something  wrong?   He said: Well, my wife and I did not have permission from the police  to get pregnant--with the one-child policy then.   He said: We just discovered that she is pregnant.   I said: Well, do you want to keep the baby?   He said: Oh, we want to keep that baby. We are very excited about it.  But we won't be allowed to keep that baby.   I said: What can I do?   At this moment, we were focused on saving that baby.   He said to me: What might help is a case of shampoo.   We were there producing brands like Pantene, Vidal Sassoon, Crest  toothpaste, Tide detergent. I arranged to get a case of shampoo and  gave it to him.   He came back the next day, with a smile on his face, and said: We got  the problem resolved.   They became parents of a beautiful little girl who today is an  amazing young woman.   As an American citizen, I believe in our founding principle that all  men and  [[Page S539]]  women are endowed by their Creator--with a capital ``C''--with certain  unalienable rights, and among those are life, liberty, and the pursuit  of happiness.   As a person of faith, I believe--and those who are people of faith-- we are called to help the most vulnerable in our society. As a Senator,  it is my honor to support this legislation, the Pain-Capable Unborn  Child Protection Act.   I thank my colleague Senator James Lankford of Oklahoma for his  leadership on this issue. I urge the rest of my colleagues to join us  in standing up and protecting those who do not have a voice on the  floor of the U.S. Senate this afternoon and join us in protecting human  life.   I yield back my time.   