 Mr. Speaker, the big career spenders here in the House  and in the Senate who have only recently found fiscal discipline, well,  today they have the chance to join me to vote for, vote ``yes'' for, a  balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.   When I was the Maine State treasurer, Mr. Speaker, I helped make sure  that Augusta's books were balanced without gimmicks. Now it is well  time that Washington is forced--forced--to live within its means just  like every other family and small business in the State of Maine.   Mr. Speaker, 49 States in this country have constitutional amendments  at the State level to make sure they spend only what they take in. It  is about time Washington has the same discipline. Mr. Speaker, it is  not fair and it is not right when career politicians spend every single  nickel that they collect from you in taxes and then borrow as much as  they want to spend more. The spending in this town, Mr. Speaker, is out  of control.   A lot of us have seen enough. That is why I ask every Republican and  every Democrat in both the House and in the Senate to pass a  commonsense, balanced budget amendment to our Constitution.   I am very proud to say, Mr. Speaker, that the first piece of  legislation that I cosponsored the day after I was sworn in 3 years ago  was a balanced budget amendment. Every big spending bill in this town  is loaded with pork. The process is terrible. To force an up-or-down  vote in the 11th hour on a bill that is a couple of thousand pages long  does not make sense. A balanced budget amendment would finally force  Washington to prioritize our spending, like we do for those of us who  run businesses or balance a family checkbook. Prioritize our spending,  and that will help eliminate waste. And that only will lead to  balancing our books and then having the ability to start paying down  $21 trillion in debt.   I look, Mr. Speaker, at these young adults in the gallery. It is  immoral to saddle these great young adults with $21 trillion in debt,  and rising, that they have got to pay. A Federal Government's budget  which is legally required to be balanced will force the House and the  Senate, even with the Senate's harmful 60-vote filibuster rule, to  spend only what we take in.   Mr. Speaker, this is our chance, today, to start running our  government more like a business, more like a family budget. It is  common sense to spend only what we take in.    Mr. Speaker, one of the biggest gifts we can give to  our kids and grandkids is taking care of this spending and this debt  problem so they are not saddled with a mountain-load of this stuff.  America, today, Mr. Speaker, is watching. Who has got the guts, which  Republicans and which Democrats in the House and the Senate? Who has  got the guts to stand up and do what is right and pass a balanced  budget amendment to our Constitution?   I will. I look forward to it. I ask everyone to join me.   