 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to address a public health issue  that has left in its wake a trail of tragedy and shattered life. The  suicide epidemic has touched all sectors of our society, but the  problem is particularly acute among LGBT who have experienced bullying  and discrimination at every turn. In the most devastating cases, these  teenagers even face estrangement from their own families. That is why  today, in honor of Pride Month, I wish to devote a significant portion  of my remarks to them--my young friends in the LGBT community.   The prevalence of suicide, especially among LGBT teens, is a serious  problem that requires national attention. No one should ever feel less  because of their gender identity or sexual orientation. LGBT youth  deserve our unwavering love and support. They deserve our validation  and the assurance that not only is there a place for them in this  society but that it is far better off because of them.   These young people need us, and we desperately need them. We need  their light to illuminate the richness and diversity of God's  creations. We need the grace, beauty, and brilliance they bring to the  world. That is why, as we commemorate Pride Month, my message today is  one of love for my LGBT brothers and sisters. It is also a call for  action to Americans of all political stripes.   Regardless of where you stand on the cultural issues of the day-- whether you are a religious conservative, a secular liberal, or  somewhere in between--we all have a special duty to each other. That  duty is to treat one another with dignity and respect. It is not simply  to tolerate but to love.   The first tenet of my faith is to love one another. The same Man who  taught this principle also lived it by His example. In an era  characterized by rigid social divisions, He broke down barriers propped  up by centuries of tradition and cultural belief. In His teachings, He  made no distinction between man or woman, Jew or Gentile, sinner or  saint but invited all to come to Him--all. He saw beyond the arbitrary  differences of group identity to the inherent worth of the individual.  He taught that we were all equal because we are all children of the  same God and partakers of the same human condition. This Man loved  radically, and He challenged all of us to do the same.   If there were ever a time to show our LGBT friends just how much we  love them, it is now. In a world where millions suffer in silence, we  owe it to each other to love loudly. That is why I am a strong  supporter of Utah's Love Loud Festival, among many other efforts to  combat suicide and improve mental health in the LGBT community, which  is afflicted by these problems. These young men and women deserve to  feel loved, cared for, and accepted for who they are. I don't think  they chose to be who they are. They are born to be who they are, and we  ought to understand that. They deserve to know they belong and that our  society is stronger because of them.   Ensuring that our LGBT friends feel loved and accepted is not a  political issue; we all have a stake in this. We all have family or  loved ones who have felt marginalized in one way or another because of  gender identity or sexual orientation, and we need to be there for  them.   On a much broader scale, we need to be there for anyone struggling  with feelings of isolation, especially those experiencing suicidal  thoughts. By no means is suicide a problem exclusive to the LGBT  community. In one way or another, this public health crisis has  affected all Americans, regardless of color, class, or creed.   Over the last two decades, the suicide epidemic has taken tens of  thousands of lives, with suicide rates rising by as much as 30 percent  across the country. The severity of this public health crisis was  thrown into sharp relief last week with the tragic deaths of Kate Spade  and Anthony Bourdain.   In my home State of Utah, the statistics are particularly alarming.  Every 14 hours, a Utahn dies by suicide, resulting in an average of 630  deaths each year. The problem is so acute that Utah now has the fifth  highest suicide rate in the Nation.   In addressing this topic today, my heart is both heavy and hopeful-- heavy  [[Page S3867]]  because suicide has already taken so many lives; hopeful because I  believe we are on the cusp of a major legislative breakthrough that  could turn the tide in the campaign against this epidemic.   As some of you may recall, I joined Senator Joe Donnelly last year in  introducing the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act--a bipartisan  proposal that makes it easier for Americans of all ages to get the help  and treatment they need when they are experiencing suicidal thoughts.   Our bill requires the FCC to recommend an easy-to-remember, three- digit number for the national suicide prevention hotline. I believe  that by making the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline system more  user-friendly and accessible, we can save thousands of lives by helping  people find the help they need when they need it most.   The Senate passed our bill with overwhelming bipartisan support in  November. Now it is time for the House to do its part. While I am  pleased to learn that our legislation is slowly making its way through  the House committee process, I call today for more urgent action. Every  minute we wait, we leave hundreds of Americans helpless who are  struggling with suicidal thoughts. There are literally lives on the  line here, and leaving them on hold is not an option. That is why I  call on my colleagues in the House to pass, without further delay, our  suicide hotline bill. By doing so, we can prevent countless tragedies  and can help thousands of men and women get the help they so  desperately need.   Before I conclude, I wish to express my heartfelt belief that we can  win the battle against suicide, but I would also remind my colleagues  that no amount of legislation can fix this problem. No public policy is  a panacea for an issue as deep and intractable as the suicide epidemic.   Beyond legislation, however, there are steps we can take to create a  society that is kinder, more civil and understanding--a society, in  other words, where suicide is less of a problem. It doesn't take a  social scientist to tell you that the coarsening of our culture has  negatively affected our communities. As the political discourse breaks  down, so, too, do the social ties that bind us together. The gradual  dissolution of civil society has led to unprecedented levels of  loneliness, depression, and despair. In this sense, suicide is merely a  symptom of a much larger problem.   Yet, even though there is hopelessness, there is still reason to  hope. I firmly believe that by restoring civility to its proper place  in our society, we can fight the despair that has seized hold of so  many. Civility starts with the words we use. Whether in person or  online, we can be softer in our language, kinder in our actions, and  stronger in our love. We can combat coarseness with compassion and  choose empathy instead of anger.   On an individual level, reclaiming civility entails a fundamental  shift in how we view our political opponents. No longer should we see  each other as adversaries in a zero-sum game but as allies in  preserving the American experiment for future generations.   Restoring civility and respect to the public square cannot be  achieved through legislation; ultimately, this is a change that must  take place in the heart of every American. Here in the Senate, we can  lead by example, which is why I urge all of my colleagues to join me  today in recommitting to civility and working to bring people together  to help solve these very serious problems that are keeping us apart and  hurting our society. There are people out there who really suffer, who  don't choose to be the way they are, and we have to be intelligent  enough and compassionate enough to help them. So I hope that we will,  and I hope that our wonderful country will take these things to heart.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   