 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I am opposed.    Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill,  which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted,  the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is the latest attempt by Republicans to  undermine the Clean Air Act and give breaks to special interests, this  time to power plants that burn waste coal.   The bill undermines the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, the MATS  rule, one of most important protections for public health from toxic  air pollutants from waste coal-burning power plants.   Simply put, the bill would mean more pollutants being put into our  air and our water by waste coal power plants.   And on that point, there is really no disagreement. That is the point  of the legislation, to allow more pollutants to be put into the air.   But not only would this bill give waste coal power plants permission  to pump more pollution into our air, it also prohibits higher standards  from being enacted, even if future technologies are invented to help  control toxic pollution emissions better.   My motion would protect public health and prevent more pollutants,  toxic substances like mercury, sulfur dioxide, and other hazardous  particles, from being released into the air and into the water.   These harmful substances impact brain development. They cause cancer.  They harm respiratory systems. They pollute our lakes, our streams, our  rivers, where people get their drinking water.   As this body has heard me discuss many times, I know firsthand what  happens when we fail to protect our environment and when we fail to  protect our water supplies.   We know what happened in my hometown of Flint, a city of 100,000  people, including thousands of children, poisoned by lead in their  drinking water because of callous decisions by government that put the  balance sheet approach, the dollars and cents that would accrue in this  case to an operator, ahead of the interests of health.   For 4 years, the people I represent have not had access to safe  drinking water because of decisions that were made by government that  allowed the water to be contaminated with high levels of lead, a  dangerous neurotoxin with irreversible and damaging effects on  children.   America is the wealthiest, most prosperous country in the world. It  is a shame that the people of my hometown can't turn on their taps and  trust the water coming out.   What happened in Flint is the result of policymakers, again, putting  the balance sheet ahead of the interests of people. We can't measure  every question on the ledger of a corporation. We have to think about  the health of our people.   Just looking at those short-term effects can lead to really bad  choices. What happened in Flint is absolutely tragic. We ought to take  that lesson and make sure that we do everything we can to prevent the  consequences of ignoring environmental protections, the consequences on  people.   Flint is not an anomaly. Flint is a warning.   What happened there could happen to lots of people all across the  country if we don't take care to ensure that we protect public health  and strike a reasonable balance between the interests of the companies  that are, unfortunately, unwilling to comply as other companies have,  as other operators have, with existing standards. The public interest  has to come first. We should be protecting our constituents from  pollutants, not enacting law that explicitly allows for more pollutants  to go into our air and water. It is the wrong direction for us.   As my colleague Mr. Doyle said, Democrats and Republicans can figure  out solutions to these problems, but the solution is not to take a step  back and pass legislation that rather than empowering organizations and  communities to protect air and water says these rules are too hard for  some to adhere to; and because they are unwilling to spend the  resources necessary to protect public health, we just say: Well, then  it is okay.   We know what happens when government takes that approach. There are  human consequences--consequences that we can't ignore, consequences  that are made clear by the experience of my hometown. I don't wish that  on anyone in Michigan or Pennsylvania, or anyone else.   Mr. Speaker, this Congress ought to do what it can to protect people  from that ever happening to them. I urge my colleagues to support this  motion to recommit, stand up for kids, stand up for the people who live  in those communities who breathe that air, who depend on clean water.  Support this motion to recommit.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   