 Mr. President, this is the first time I have had the  opportunity to address my colleagues on the Senate floor since I was  appointed to fill the seat of our late friend and colleague John  McCain.   I appreciate the opportunity to speak on a matter of great  importance, both to this body and to the people of the United States of  America; namely, the confirmation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh as Associate  Justice to the U.S. Supreme Court.   I would like to address this in five general areas, beginning with a  couple of preliminary areas of discussion.   The first concerns my work right after I came to the Senate in 1995  to try to adopt a constitutional amendment for the victims of crimes.  We called it a crime victims' rights amendment. I had become acutely  aware of the problems crime victims faced, especially those who have  suffered some kind of sexual assault. Through personal interviews and  discussions with victims, victims' rights groups, with prosecutors and  others, with research and a great deal of reading and hearing from  victims' groups, law enforcement, and others, I became convinced that  the only way we could guarantee the rights of these victims and bring  justice to them would be through the adoption of the constitutional  amendment doing so.   I worked with Senator Dianne Feinstein. The two of us joined together  in this effort, and we spent countless hours and many months trying to  persuade our colleagues that this was the way to proceed.   Eventually, we were able to get legislation through the Senate, which  established a Federal law rather than a constitutional amendment. This  Federal law--which is now embodied in 18 U.S.C. 3771--has provided some  support to victims of Federal crime and, as importantly, a template for  States to develop their own statutes and constitutional amendments to  provide rights to victims.   As a result of all of this, I am well aware of the issues like the  delay or nonreporting of assaults by crime victims, and I very much  appreciate the need to be lenient in evaluating the testimony of such  victims.   Rights, like the need to attend proceedings and to address the court  at the time of sentencing and to be notified of these rights, were  included in the statute we got adopted. Those rights are now part of a  majority of the States in the Union, either in statute or the  Constitution.   The recognition of the rightful role of victims in our criminal  justice system cannot only help provide courage and closure to victims  of sexual assault, it thereby also helps prosecutors gain critical  testimony for their cases so that more of the perpetrators could be  brought to justice.   There are some insensitive people who are not aware of the  difficulties faced by victims of sexual abuse, and you have heard some  of them speak publicly. What is not true is that all men are ignorant  of the problem.   Senator Feinstein and I met many men in the victims' rights movement  who are extraordinarily helpful and understanding. I don't ask anyone  to establish their bona fides to speak to any of these issues, and I  would hope none would question mine.   To the second point, some have asked me about my time in helping  Judge Kavanaugh as a so-called sherpa. This was part of the early  process of his confirmation process, where he was interviewed by a  majority of the Senators and tried to answer their questions and to  also respond to requests for information and the like.   Just before his nomination was announced by the President, Don  McGahn, the White House Counsel, called me in Arizona and asked if I  would serve as the sherpa for the nominee--a person to get him around  the Senate, introduce him to the Senators, follow up on any questions,  and so on. I agreed to do that, and I also participated in some of the  hearing preparation. This all occurred in about a 5-week period of  time.   During this time, I was employed part time at a Washington, DC, law  firm. I want to be clear that my assistance to Judge Kavanaugh was on  my own time, free of charge, and in no way connected to the firm or any  client of the firm. It was not a pro bono matter because I actually  didn't represent Judge Kavanaugh. It was simply to help him prepare for  his hearing and to get him around the Senate to meet the Senators and  to talk to them.   After about 5 weeks of this, roughly, I was appointed by Arizona's  Governor to Senator McCain's seat in the Senate, and I immediately  resigned from the firm and all other remunerative positions and ceased  working with Judge Kavanaugh. I should also mention that during this  time, I performed no lobbying work for my law firm or for any clients  of the firm, and I so notified the Secretary of the Senate and the  Clerk of the House.   Finally, at no time during my work with Judge Kavanaugh did any  allegation of sexual impropriety arise. The Ford allegation came after,  and nothing like that was discussed in my presence during my work with  him.    As I said, some have asked me questions about this. I hope that  satisfies their inquiries.   I also want to conclude this part of the presentation by saying that  having sat through over 50 interviews, hearing the questions asked of  him and his responses--many of them repetitious--and helping him to  prepare for his hearing, I really believe I have a very good idea of  how he would conduct himself as an Associate Justice on the U.S.  Supreme Court. After all, that is the most important question before  us.   The third area of inquiry gets to Judge Kavanaugh as Justice  Kavanaugh. The first thing to do is to examine his qualifications and  his experience. Ordinarily, this is where we begin in our inquiry to  provide advice and consent to the President after a person has been  nominated.   He is a graduate of Yale Law School, had clerkships on both the Ninth  Circuit Court of Appeals and the U.S. Supreme Court under Justice  Kennedy. He has been described as ``wicked smart'' and extraordinarily  hard-working. He went over this on numerous occasions, discussing his  early service on the Court of Appeals, where he wanted to emulate Judge  Merrick Garland, whom he had heard something about.   Merrick Garland is a prodigious worker by reputation, and Judge  Kavanaugh saw that and tried his best to follow in Judge Garland's  footsteps in that regard.   He has had a huge output in cases. I believe he has 312 written  opinions over his 12 years on the bench. In addition to that, outside  of the court, he wrote law review articles, speeches, and gave many  presentations to groups. He also lectures at the Harvard Law School.   Regarding his previous experience, it also includes, as we know,  previous experience on the executive branch, both as a lawyer and as an  assistant to the President. All of this, by the way, he  [[Page S6527]]  was required to undergo six separate FBI checks.   His qualifications have been reviewed by the American Bar  Association, which is just one entity that looks at judicial nominees  and is generally deemed to be an organization that studies records. It  goes into depth interviewing people, and they concluded he had the top  rating, ``well qualified,'' to serve on the Supreme Court.   As some have described, he is a judge's judge. He is a real standout  on the bench. People would have been surprised if he were not someday  nominated to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court.   He has also been recommended by law professors, students, former  clerks, and hundreds of people who have written letters on his behalf.  I note that many of these are liberals or Democrats. They are not  necessarily conservatives or Republicans. He is well regarded by  virtually everyone who has had connection with him either in his  professional or as a member of the Bench.   The next question we go to in evaluating a nominee to a court is  their judicial philosophy--how do they approach the job of judging? How  will they decide cases?   I first want to say what Judge Kavanaugh is not, and he made this  crystal clear in the many meetings in which I sat with him talking with  the Senators. He is not a results-oriented judge. When parties come  before the court, he doesn't decide whom he wants to win and then  figure out a way to help that party win the case. That is not the right  way to evaluate a case before the court, and he is not that kind of  judge.   He is a judge who wants to apply the law in the right way and to  reach the decision the law requires based upon precedent, based upon  the way the Constitution or--if appropriate--statutes are to be  interpreted in order to reach the right result in the case.   One of my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee I think got us off on  the wrong foot or tried to get us off on the wrong foot in this regard.  He came to one of the hearings with a presentation on how many times  Judge Kavanaugh allegedly ruled for corporations over individuals and  concluded this was an important factor in determining whether Judge  Kavanaugh should sit on the Supreme Court. I think this illustrates the  mindset of many: Whom did you rule for, rather than how did you rule in  the case? This is totally wrong, and it is irrelevant to the way judges  should decide cases.   Theoretically, if 10 plaintiffs bring 10 spurious lawsuits against 10  different corporations and the courts rule for the corporations in  those cases, it proves exactly nothing. That is why we shouldn't focus  on who wins the cases but rather on whether they were decided based  upon proper legal principles, on precedent, and on the way courts are  supposed to approach cases--on facts and the law.   In the meetings that I sat in on, Judge Kavanaugh went to great pains  to describe how he approaches a case. He begins by looking at the text  of the Constitution for any relevant statutes. He begins applying the  law, as judges are supposed to do, in interpreting those constitutional  provisions and statutes. In the process of doing this, he uses the same  principles other judges do. In just a moment, I will mention what some  of those principles are.   I mentioned the fact that some of my colleagues have focused on whom  he has ruled for in cases. Bear in mind that as a member of the U.S.  Court of Appeals, he sits with two other judges, so the three judges  decide the cases, not just one--although, a case can be decided by a 2- to-1 vote. Some of my colleagues have said, well, they are concerned  that because he served in an administration for a President and because  of something he once wrote for a law review article, they fear he would  want to rule for the President and against other parties if a lawsuit  involved the question of Executive power--how much authority does the  President of the United States enjoy. I think that is wrong, based upon  his explanation of all of his decisions and what he has written on the  subject. I think it is very clear that he has no predilections in this  regard, and that he believes strongly in the separation of powers as  set forth in the U.S. Constitution; he holds no special place for the  President above the other two branches of government.    One of the cases he cites to demonstrate this fact is a case that  didn't please me, and the outcome certainly didn't please his old boss,  President Bush, because he ruled against President Bush. Instead, he  ruled for Osama bin Laden's assistant and driver. The reason he did  that is that individual--as bad as he may be, as evil as he may be--was  not accorded proper constitutional rights as guaranteed under our  Constitution, and he had to reach the result he did because of that. As  I said, I didn't like the outcome, and I am sure his previous boss,  President Bush, didn't either. But it illustrates the fact that he is  not going to blindly rule for the President, even in a case where the  equities would seem to favor what the President was trying to do in  this case; that is, to ensure that Osama bin Laden's colleagues were  held to account for their misdeeds.   So the bottom line here is that it is not who wins and loses that  matters; it is whether the law is applied fairly and correctly.   Now, how do we know whether it is correctly applied? Obviously,  judges will differ sometimes, and each case is going to be decided on  its own merits. The question of how one judges is really the key to  this. I said I would get to this.   Here is just a little bit of a discussion of how cases should be  decided, how judges should approach these decisions, and how I believe  Judge Kavanaugh will. It is based on legal rules and principles that  have been long established and written up and followed by courts  throughout the ages. The law is literally full of these rules-- basically, the ``how to'' for judges to decide difficult cases. Most  judges know and apply these rules fairly and systematically. They don't  try to make up new rules or deliberately fudge the facts or twist the  rules in order to reach a desired result.   I kind of liken it to the instructions that come with those dreaded  packages that say ``some assembly required.'' That is always a sign  that I need to get my wife involved rather than for me to do it myself  because I don't follow directions very well. But failure to follow the  steps in that case can lead to some pretty bad results, as a couple of  lawn chairs I put together will attest to.   The question here is, a judge should have a clear view of how he  approaches each case, the steps that he follows to decide them. But  sometimes cases provide ambiguities and difficult decisions that make  it especially difficult to apply the usual rules. In these cases, the  question is whether a judge will be tempted to guess what the right  procedure is or to try to reach an outcome that he has predetermined he  wants to reach, as opposed to applying other commonsense principles.   It is true that sometimes laws are ambiguous, and they require some  interpretation. I have seen Judge Kavanaugh address this precise  question and go over decision after decision that he has made, showing  how he approaches cases like this. I can tell you, first of all, he  tries to get his colleagues to agree, if a reading of a statute is not  really all that ambiguous, to say: Look, if you find my reading of the  statute persuasive, then that should be it. We can end the inquiry. We  don't have to find ambiguity in every single thing because when  ambiguity is found, obviously, judges are not as tethered to the law as  they would otherwise be. He is very aware of this, and he has tried  very hard, I think, to reach the right conclusion based upon the proper  application of the law.   I am not going to go into all of those judicial rules; we have heard  precedent and statutory interpretation and the like. But I will say  that having heard him describe his approach to numerous cases, I am  convinced that he will, as a Justice on the Supreme Court, apply the  law in the same way that he has during his 12 years as a member of the  court of appeals.   He describes his approach to judging in a way that some have called  strict construction or textualism, which I think is really not much  more than giving a preference to the written text of either the  Constitution in cases where constitutional interpretation is the  question or statutes in cases where statutes have to be interpreted.  This  [[Page S6528]]  approach to judging is the methodology that is used more and more today  by judges, and it tries to avoid substituting the judge's notions of  how things should come out and substituting the judge's discretion as  opposed to carefully reading the text of the Constitution or the  statute as either the Founding Fathers or the Congress, in the case of  a statute, has written it.   As I said, during his many interviews and hearing him explain his  approach, I believe he has given us a very good idea as to how he would  approach cases in the future. As I said, while there are one or two  areas that some of my colleagues have raised questions about, I have no  doubt at all that he is an extraordinarily knowledgeable and very wise  judge who will do what he is supposed to do on the Supreme Court to  apply the law fairly and correctly.   I also believe something else. I believe that he is going to work  very hard to find consensus on the Court. We all hear about 5-to-4  decisions, and they don't make us feel good because it illustrates how  judges can differ, and sometimes it demonstrates an ideological  division on the Court, which we would hope to avoid. He would like to  work with his colleagues to try to come to more consensus decisions  than to have these kinds of split decisions. He really loves the law,  and you know that when you talk to him, and he is really committed to  making it work.   Another critical factor for a judge--and we frequently refer to it,  as it has been referred to on the floor here--is what we call judicial  temperament. This is especially important in district court judges  where they appear before juries and where trials are actually held. You  want the jurors in the case to understand the case well, to feel good  about being there as jurors judging their fellow citizens, so judicial  temperament is very important for the judges in those cases. But even  on the court of appeals, one must have a judicial temperament that  demonstrates to the parties and to the litigants that the judge is  fair, that demonstrates to the lawyers involved that he can be  respectful of them and fair to all of them, and that he can be  congenial with his fellow judges on the court with whom he has to work  every day and decide these cases.   Until the second hearing for Judge Kavanaugh, following Professor  Ford's testimony, I don't believe anybody really questioned Judge  Kavanaugh's judicial temperament. His 12 years on the Court of Appeals  for the District of Columbia revealed a very careful and courteous and  engaged judge--fair to the parties, reasonable to the lawyers, and  collegial to his colleagues. It was only when responding to the attacks  on his character that he even showed much emotion. I believe that most  honest observers would allow him some slack for that in view of the  nature of the allegations against him.    Much like the need to show some lenience in evaluating the testimony  of a victim of sexual assault, I think we can appreciate the role of  emotion in his testimony. He apologized to the one Senator to whom he  was rude. In my view, the best evidence of his temperament as a judge  is his temperament as a judge for the last 12 years.   So as to judicial temperament, knowledge of the law, an approach to  deciding cases, I believe few would doubt his qualifications to sit on  the U.S. Supreme Court.   That brings us to the fourth part of my presentation: the allegations  of sexual misconduct against him. Do they amount to something that  should disqualify him for serving on the Supreme Court? I don't think I  need to detail here every allegation and every witness statement that  has been involved in the investigation of these allegations.   In the recent hearing at which both Professor Ford and Judge  Kavanaugh testified, I believe most observers saw both as presenting  credible testimony, and I agree with that. That their recollections  differ does not necessarily mean that either of them knowingly lied. We  should neither automatically believe one over the other--she, because  her testimony was that she had been sexually abused, nor he, because he  is a sitting Federal judge. As I said, each deserve some deference for  the reasons that I have stated. But, if both are believable, we must  still find a way to analyze the evidence to help us reach a conclusion  on the issue before us: Should Judge Kavanaugh be confirmed?   Well, the best way to verify the allegations is through  corroboration--evidence that backs up the accusations that have been  made. While both Professor Ford and Deborah Ramirez have named  individuals who they believe were present during the incidents of which  they complained, none of those individuals would corroborate the  accusations. Some denied them; others had no recollection of such  incidents. Some said, even so, they believe Judge Kavanaugh; at least  one says the same as to Professor Ford. There does not appear to be any  corroborative evidence.   Professor Ford's telling of her story later to others is not  corroboration, but it does go to her credibility. That she did not  report her incident earlier is not dispositive. Victims in similar  situations frequently do not report for a number of reasons. The fact  that her very good friend, allegedly at the party in question, and the  only other girl present, according to Professor Ford, did not become  aware of the accusations that night, does raise some questions. And  that particular witness, despite her obvious friendship with Professor  Ford, has continued to insist that she has no recollection of the party  in question or of Brett Kavanaugh.   I have either read all of the FBI notes or have had them read to me,  and I have been briefed by the committee staff on all of the FBI and  committee contacts. This includes the second round of FBI interviews.  Contrary to what some have said, this process was not constrained. The  FBI was not told not to interview certain people; they were, in fact,  told to follow the leads, and I believe that they interviewed not just  4 witnesses but a total of 10 witnesses in this latest round of their  interviews.   After reading what I have read and being briefed on the remainder by  committee staff, I find nothing to verify the accusations against Judge  Kavanaugh. He has unequivocally denied them, and having gotten to know  him as I have, I conclude that he is not the proper subject of the  accusations.   Some have suggested that he must prove that he did not engage in the  conduct alleged. It would be totally unfair to place upon him the  burden of proving a negative. This is ordinarily impossible. When you  neither know the time nor place of the event alleged, you can't  disprove that you were there then--there, wherever it was--or then,  whenever that was. In this particular case, for example, unless he can  somehow show that he was in Europe the entire 3 months of the summer  allegedly involved here or in some similar circumstance, there is no  way that he could prove a negative; namely, that he wasn't there.   It is true that the presumption of innocence applies in our courts,  but the same notion of fair play applies in other aspects of our civic  and social life. If a mere allegation of wrongdoing is enough to deny  an applicant a job or otherwise discredit an individual for the rest of  that person's life, our society would be torn apart. This is why we  have Constitutional rights, which embody our notions of fair play in  life generally.   While this is not really a job interview as it has been described,  even if it were and we were the prospective employers, we would want to  evaluate the qualifications--in this case of Judge Kavanaugh--including  accusations of against him, and those accusations would not just be  taken at face value, particularly as serious as they are and given the  fact that he has unequivocally denied them.   So I conclude that, under all of the circumstances, including the  nature of the evidence brought forward and how that evidence would be  proven to us, including how he has lived his adult life, and after  seven FBI investigations now, it is more probable than not that the  accusations against him are not true and therefore disqualifying for  his nomination.   That brings me to the fifth and final point of my discussion:  lifelong considerations of suitability to serve.   I noted the qualifications for judges, their judicial temperament,  the way they approach judging cases, their record of writing opinions,  what they have said and how they have said it--that is the first thing  we look at, but  [[Page S6529]]  we also look at the whole person, and that is an appropriate thing to  do. So let's look at Judge Kavanaugh's whole person.   First of all, I would like to note some things that I think are not  relevant to his competence to serve on the Supreme Court but which we  have heard a lot about. Not relevant are Judge Bork, Justice Thomas,  Judge Garland, or arguments about who started the unseemly process we  are in now.   By the way, let me just as an aside here note that in one of the  interviews with a Senator, the interview started as follows: Judge  Kavanaugh, glad you came in today, but I can tell you that this is  going to be very, very hard because of what happened to Judge Garland.  Well, you can have your views as to whether Judge Garland was treated  fairly or not, but that should have no bearing on the qualifications of  Judge Kavanaugh to be confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court.   Other not relevant things are comments from the President of the  United States, including unfair comments about Professor Ford. Also not  relevant is the outcome of this debate on elections or on President  Trump's future. Nor is this about punishing Judge Kavanaugh because  some crime victims have not previously received justice. The most  recent claim here now is about process. I think his qualifications  having been well established, now they are claiming that the process is  lacking and is not fair. Obviously, what this is not about is whether  the FBI was allowed to do its work, as I believe it was.   The vote we will be casting tomorrow should not be a surrogate for  some other agenda; it should be simply our judgment of Judge  Kavanaugh's fitness to serve on the Supreme Court, our advice on and  potential consent to his nomination by the President.   As I said, having been with him in interviews, the majority of my  colleagues have otherwise gotten to know him. Having witnessed and  learned of the esteem in which he is held by colleagues, former law  clerks, students, and professional friends, and being aware of his  contributions to his community, his country, his church, and his  family, I conclude that he is imminently qualified to serve on the  Supreme Court and will serve the Nation well in the position of  Associate Justice.   As I said, the best evidence of how he would perform as a Justice is  how he has performed over the dozen years he has been a judge on the  U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. I urge my  colleagues to focus on the question at hand, and I urge them to support  Judge Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme Court.   