 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, it is in the spirit of bipartisan,  commonsense, and modest safeguards that I sought to offer this  amendment that would protect the 2015 Federal coal ash rule.   Sadly, late last night, Acting EPA Administrator Wheeler helped  cement the toxic legacy of former Administrator Pruitt's reign over the  EPA by rolling back Federal coal ash standards, making this amendment  moot.   I remind my colleagues that the Obama-era Federal coal ash rule was  not rushed nor was it onerous. In fact, some think it didn't go far  enough. After years of debate, input from community and industry  stakeholders, and nearly half a million public comments, the Obama  administration finalized stringent but pragmatic Federal coal ash  regulations to deal with post-closure requirements, groundwater  monitoring, and public reporting.   The Pruitt proposal, which was announced only 5 months ago, included  very few hearings, very little outreach to the public, and last night  was finalized. That is warp speed, even for the Trump administration's  swamp-driven EPA antiregulation movement. So, no, the 2015 rule was not  rushed; the Pruitt rule most certainly was.   I also remind my colleagues of the catastrophic 2008 Kingston,  Tennessee, coal ash spill and why the Federal Government got in this  business to begin with. The Kingston spill was a devastating event. The  breach released 5 million cubic yards of coal ash, covering 300 acres  in toxic sludge, damaging and destroying homes and property, resulting  in $1.2 billion in cleanup costs, mostly borne by the public.   The lasting health consequences of that spill, some of which are  still unknown, are even worse. Residents still suffer from respiratory  illnesses and other side effects. Arsenic levels where the coal ash  runoff was disposed of were measured at 100 times, Mr. Chairman, higher  than the amount allowed under the Safe Drinking Water Act. The EPA has  already said such exposure significantly increases risk of cancers.   Earlier this year, lawyers filed suit in Federal court alleging that  more than 180 members of this Superfund cleanup now face severe health  effects, and 30 individuals have died from the cleanup of this toxic  waste.   These coal ash spills continue to occur across the country, Mr.  Chairman, including in my home State of Virginia, where a neighboring  State, North Carolina, had a coal ash pond that spilled more than  39,000 tons of toxic ash and 24 million gallons of wastewater into the  Dan River.   Though much of the public and media attention to this spill was  focused on North Carolina's regulatory shortcomings, Virginia was  exposed to the dangers of the coal ash spill. As a result, Virginia's  Department of Environmental Quality secured a $2.5 million settlement  against Duke Energy Carolinas, a fraction of the cost of the cleanup.   What has happened in Virginia, North Carolina, and Tennessee can  happen in any one of our communities that have or are near coal ash  impoundment ponds, which is why we must protect the 2015 Federal coal  ash rule. Unfortunately, that is not what happened last night.   What happened last night will weaken groundwater monitoring and  cleanup requirements without considering the widespread evidence of  significant groundwater contamination recently revealed by industry's  own data. Already, under the 2015 rule's reporting requirements, coal  ash waste sites across the country displayed evidence of contaminating  groundwater. Under Pruitt's proposal, that data may not even see the  light of day. We may not know. We are not going to monitor.   Surely, if there is anything we here in Congress can agree on, it is  the right of all people to have access to safe drinking water. As a  result of the 2015 Federal rules, States are working to close legacy  coal ash impoundments and protect water. Under the new finalized  agreement that modified that rule last night, that is now in jeopardy.  Because of that action, we are going to have to address coal ash in a  different way, Mr. Chairman.   Mr. Chairman, because of that action, I will be forced to withdraw  this amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amendment.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time we have  remaining.    Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this  amendment which would limit the Postal Service's ability to offer  products and services on a pilot basis that could help the Postal  Service find its way to financial stability.   At a time when the Postal Service is bleeding red ink, this bill  takes away existing revenue and potential revenue. In fiscal year 2017,  the Postal Service reported a loss of $2.7 billion, marking the 11th  straight year in the red.   And just coincidentally, it got in the red because Congress, in 2006,  restricted what the Postal Service could do. Well, it really worked  well: 11 years of red ink, putting the Postal Service in insolvency,  technically. To address the Postal Service's financial situation, the  Postal Service needs financial relief, not further restrictions.   H.R. 6076, the Postal Reform Act of 2018, which I introduced with the  gentleman from North Carolina, Congressman Mark Meadows, on a  bipartisan basis, passed the authorizing committee unanimously, and we  are hoping to take it to the floor, and that is where it belongs, in an  authorization bill, not as a rider on the appropriations bill.   This bill even addresses issues raised by the gentleman from North  Carolina's amendment. Under the Postal Reform Act, the Postal Service  would have to limit any new nonpostal products and services to only  those provided to State, local, and Tribal governments and Federal  agencies. The bill would preserve existing nonpostal products and  services.   However, this amendment is much more restrictive than that. This  amendment includes a blanket prohibition that would prevent the Postal  Service from implementing any other recommendations from a May 2015  Postal Service Inspector General Report, including improving its  existing range of financial services, such as money orders.    Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member Lowey,  I move to strike the last word.    Mr. Chair, this amendment, as I said, includes blanket  prohibitions that would prevent the Postal Service from implementing  the reports and recommendations of the 2015 Postal Service Inspector  General Report, including improving its existing range of financial  services, such as money orders.   I might add, the assertions that have been made that there has been  no congressional oversight, that is not true. My committee, the  Oversight and Government Reform Committee, has had numerous hearings on  the Postal Service, numerous briefings with the Postmaster General and  her predecessor and his predecessor.   We have marked up numerous bills. We finally got one we could agree  on, and it is pending. That is how this should be done--not piecemeal,  not in a way that further constrains and circumscribes the Postal  Service that can only lead to more red ink.   We are trying to save the Postal Service, which is mandated in the  Constitution. It has a requirement for universal service that private  sector firms do not. And we have allowed some pilot programs to see if  they can work. They are not a threat to financial institutions.   So we are fixing a problem here that does not really exist, and we  are going to do real harm to a Postal Service we have already harmed  with the 2006 legislation Congress passed in a lame-duck session in the  name of reform, and it backfired. It blew up, and it has done  incalculable damage which we are now trying to repair to the Postal  Service.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this unwarranted intrusion  into the prerogatives of the authorizing committee that is doing its  job and has a bipartisan bill that passed our committee unanimously,  which is a remarkable statement for the Oversight and Government Reform  Committee.   We ought not to be legislating on an appropriations bill in this way  with respect to the Postal Service. It deserves better, our consumers  deserve better, Postal Service customers deserve better, and we can do  better.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   