 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week I chaired a hearing in the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health  that focused on Zimbabwe.   As a young man, I fell in love with the continent of Africa and,  specifically, with the country of Zimbabwe, where I served part of my  Mormon mission. The year was 1983, and the country had recently gained  its independence. A man by the name of Robert Mugabe was serving as  Prime Minister at the time. I don't think anyone could have predicted  back then that Mugabe would serve as leader of Zimbabwe until November  of 2017, nor could anyone have imagined the damage that he would do to  this beautiful country.   Jubilation erupted in the streets of Harare in November of 2017 when  Zimbabweans heard the news that Mugabe had been ousted by his own party  and forced to retire. The people of Zimbabwe burst into spontaneous  celebration, hoping that with Mugabe finally removed from power, the  country might begin to move forward after nearly 40 years of his reign.   I had the opportunity to visit Zimbabwe in February of 2016, where I  led a delegation to southern Africa. Mugabe's misrule of the country  was certainly evident at that time. The devastation had taken its toll  on the capital city of Harare. Yet, somehow, the people of Zimbabwe  were so capable, so resilient, and had persevered and were looking to a  brighter future.   I was able at that time to reconnect with friends whom I hadn't seen  for 30 years, including one of my missionary companions, Peter Chaya,  who despite severe physical disability brought on by polio as a child,  managed to raise four children and contribute a great deal to his  church, to his community, and to his country.   Zimbabwe's greatest potential has always been its people, and it is  time for the government to take steps to ensure that this potential can  finally be realized.   I want to work with Zimbabwe to make this happen, and that is why I  introduced the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Amendment Act,  along with Senator Coons, last March. Senator Coons has been a valued  partner in efforts to bring better governance to Zimbabwe, and I am  sure that we can play a constructive role.   The ZDERA Amendment Act, signed into law in August, reiterates that  in order for sanctions on Zimbabwe to be lifted, the government must  restore the rule of law, it must hold free and fair elections, and it  must demonstrate a sincere commitment to land reform, but--and this is  different from the prior statute--our changes send a signal to the  Government of Zimbabwe, to the opposition, and to the Zimbabwean people  that the United States is interested in improving the state of our  bilateral relationship, including in the areas of trade and investment.   The bill asks that the government of Zimbabwe take concrete, tangible  steps toward good governance and the enactment of economic reforms. It  asks that all statutes inconsistent with Zimbabwe's 2013 Constitution  are either replaced or amended to bring them in line with that  Constitution. Finally, it underlines the need for a robust civil  society that is allowed to function freely and without government  interference.   The conditions outlined in the ZDERA Amendment Act are reasonable and  will not take too long to achieve. I urge President Mnangagwa to move  ahead and repeal troublesome statutes and engage in meaningful economic  reform along the lines of what Finance Minister Ncube has already  recommended.   I remain concerned that a lack of momentum for reforming Zimbabwe  [[Page S7498]]  will squander the opportunity presented by the former President's  ouster. We can't expect Zimbabwe to flip a switch and reverse nearly  four decades of misrule in a few months' time, but we should expect  more urgency to reform the economy and to expand the political space  for the opposition.   There is no more outward sign that Zimbabwe has yet to turn the page  than the government leveling charges against opposition figures like  Tendai Biti and others. There is no purpose served by going after one's  political opponents, especially in the wake of a contested election.   The new government of Zimbabwe bears much of the responsibility for  forging a positive path forward, but the opposition party needs to play  a constructive role there as well. The leader of the Movement for  Democratic Change, Nelson Chamisa, is young and capable. He has a long  career ahead of him. It would be to his benefit and to the benefit of  all Zimbabweans to recognize the legitimacy of the new government and  to help create an inclusive process moving ahead.   As in any democracy, Zimbabwe needs a loyal opposition in the form of  an opposition party or parties to hold the government accountable  within the framework of the rule of law. There will be new elections to  contest and more chances to make the case to voters. Now is the time to  unify the country.   During this past few months, I have thought often about my friends,  like Peter Chaya and others in Zimbabwe, whom I know deserve far better  from their government than they have received in the past four decades.  They deserve a government that represents them, a government that  provides an environment that allows them to follow their dreams and to  realize the dreams of their children.   Zimbabwe deserves a government worthy of its people, and I encourage  my colleagues to look for ways to engage constructively with Zimbabwe's  new government moving ahead. The new ZDERA presents a good, worthy  framework.   By next month, my role will change, but I will remain involved, and I  will still be committed to a strong partnership between the United  States and Zimbabwe.   I yield the floor.   