 Mr. Speaker, Mr. Gallego and I both  served in the Active Duty U.S. military because we believe America is  an exceptional country, the best in the world. But what really bugs us  is the fraud, waste, and abuse of taxpayers' funds and taxpayers'  money, and the culture of corruption in this administration starts at  the top with the President. So I am just going to go through some  numbers--these are facts--of how much Donald Trump has wasted of  taxpayers' money.   He has spent over $58 million on 95 trips to golf clubs, including  Mar-a-Lago, Bedminster, and other Trump-owned properties. Every time he  takes one of these trips, according to The Washington Post and  Politico, it costs about $3 million, with all the staff and everyone  that has to go and travel with him. In addition, $137,000 was used for  golf carts for the Secret Service between January and October 2017  alone.   At least $190,000 of taxpayers' money was used for Trump brothers'  business trips in the first 3 months of 2017; $17,000 for custom rugs  in the Oval Office; over $12,000 on a custom conference table for the  West Wing of the White House from, by the way, the same company used by  President Nixon.   So this corruption starts at the top, and now you are going to see,  as you go along through the Cabinet, the fraud, waste, and abuse of  taxpayers' money.    Mr. Speaker, and then we have Interior  Secretary Ryan Zinke, who spent $139,000 of taxpayers' money to  renovate some office doors; $39,000 for a helicopter tour of national  monuments in Nevada; $12,000 on a private jet from Las Vegas, Nevada,  where he spoke to a hockey team owned by a major donor, to his home in  Montana; as well as a taxpayer-funded security detail that also  accompanied him and his wife on their personal vacation to Greece and  Turkey at considerable taxpayer expense.    Mr. Speaker, and now we have Veterans'  Affairs Secretary David Shulkin, who spent over $122,000 of taxpayer  funds with his wife to go to Europe for their primary purpose of  sightseeing. David Shulkin has been fired.   I shall also note that Secretary Tom Price, who was also in the Trump  Cabinet, spent huge amounts of taxpayers' dollars on first-class  flights. He was also fired.    Oh, that is correct Sorry. I took your  spot.     Well, there are just so many folks.   The next person we have is former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson,  who also was fired. He spent $12 million of taxpayers' money in fees to  consultants in an attempt to downsize and restructure the State  Department.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, but wait. There is more on  Scott Pruitt.   In addition to his waste of taxpayers' money, he also got a  sweetheart deal  [[Page H3307]]  from lobbyists in Washington, D.C. He was able to get a lease for just  $50 a night--something you can't really get anywhere near Capitol  Hill--and he only had to pay on the nights that he was there, even  though the lease said that the landlord had to keep it open for 6  months--it was on demand and he could go there any time--oh, and, by  the way, his daughter could also basically stay as well. When you put  out the numbers, that agreement was two to three times less than what  any ordinary citizen could have gotten.   This culture of corruption has now led to a Cabinet of corruption. I  don't care whether you are a Republican or a Democrat or an  Independent, this is just not acceptable. It is time that the American  taxpayer speak out and tell the Trump administration: We have had  enough. You need to start firing these officials who are wasting  taxpayers' money and getting sweetheart deals for lobbyists.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, in fact, this administration  has fertilized the swamp. It is tremendously, bigly huge right now. We  have lobbyists who have inappropriate deals with Cabinet officials, we  have Cabinet officials spending a lot of taxpayers' money to live up  their luxury lifestyle of first-class jets, of luxury hotels, and of  trips they don't need to take. This is simply not acceptable. This is  exactly the opposite of what the President ran on, and the voters are  going to know this this November.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, Congressman Gallego and I  are writing an open letter to the American taxpayers that is going to  contain all of these facts, with the sources cited, so that the  American people can see for themselves the huge waste of taxpayers'  money from the Cabinet of corruption.   