 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to discuss the  opioid abuse epidemic, which has taken the lives of too many Hoosiers,  harming families and communities across my State and our country. This  is a public health crisis. It is a complex problem, and addressing it  will require all of us to work together in a bipartisan way at the  Federal, State, and local levels.   I am very pleased that the House and the Senate have worked together  over many months to write this bipartisan legislation, the SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Act. This bill provides important new tools to  combat the opioid epidemic and to work to ensure that those providing  prevention, treatment, and recovery services in our communities have  the resources necessary to help those in need of assistance. I am also  proud that this legislation contains several bipartisan bills I helped  lead over the past year.   For Hoosiers in Northern Indiana, one particular provision in this  legislation is particularly significant. On July 26, 2017, Dr. Todd  Graham was senselessly murdered in South Bend after refusing to  prescribe an opioid to a patient. To honor Dr. Graham's memory, I  helped to introduce the bipartisan Dr. Todd Graham Pain Management  Improvement Act with my friend and fellow Hoosier Senator Todd Young.  This bill directs the Department of Health and Human Services to study  Medicare's payment and coverage policies for nonopioid pain treatments.  It could also help to increase access to nonopioid treatments and  prevent future patients from developing an addiction. It would never  have been possible without the leadership and courage of Julie Graham  and the Graham family.   Another way of increasing access to nonopioid pain treatments is to  encourage the development of new nonopioid pain treatments. I helped to  introduce two bipartisan bills to achieve that goal. These bills would  require the FDA to clarify how nonopioid pain treatments can qualify  for expedited approval and to clarify how it will assess treatments  that reduce the need for opioids. Provisions based on both of these two  bills are included in this legislation so we can get closer to helping  treat pain without the risk of addiction.   On another front, as we work to provide health professionals with new  treatment options, we must also make sure that there are enough health  professionals to provide substance abuse  [[Page S6471]]  disorder treatment in communities that need them. There are far too  many areas in my State of Indiana and across America that lack access  to meaningful addiction treatment and the trained professionals to  provide it.   Earlier this year, I worked with Senators Lisa Murkowski and Maggie  Hassan to address this issue by introducing the bipartisan Substance  Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act. This bill provides up to  $250,000 in student loan forgiveness for trained addiction treatment  providers who will work in areas with a shortage of mental health  professionals or an above-average overdose death rate. This new  initiative helps to recruit more providers to work in addiction  medicine and to serve in areas that most need their services. I am very  proud to report that the Donnelly-Murkowski-Hassan bill was included in  this larger legislative package.    Drug overdoses killed more than 72,000 Americans in 2017, including  nearly 30,000 from opioid overdose. In Indiana, 1,840 Hoosiers were  lost to overdoses just last year alone. That is heartbreaking, as each  person is someone's loved one and someone's family member.   We have a lot of work to do, and I will not rest until we reduce this  overdose rate, because one overdose is one too many. The SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Act will provide critical resources to  communities across Indiana and across America.   I look forward to seeing this legislation passed here in the Senate  and then signed into law by the President. I look forward to continuing  to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to address this  epidemic.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   