 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. President, the Senate will be voting soon on a bill  to reauthorize the FISA Amendments Act. Most Americans likely do not  recognize the name of the bill, but they probably know what this bill  addresses--our government's surveillance of communications.   As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I have learned a  great deal about our post-9/11 surveillance laws and how they have been  implemented, and I have determined that there are reforms that need to  be made to the FISA Amendments Act--specifically section 702--before we  renew this law.   The single biggest flaw in section 702 is how it has been  interpreted. The language of the law--the collection of foreign  intelligence of U.S. persons reasonably believed to be located outside  the United States--anticipates that incidental or accidental collection  of Americans' emails or even phone calls could occur, but under the  FISA Amendments Act as written, there is nothing to prohibit the  intelligence community from searching through a pile of communications  collected under this statute to deliberately search for the phone calls  or the emails of specific Americans. This is not what Congress intended  when the law was written, and now we are being asked to vote on this  law at the last minute with not a single amendment allowed.   Many of us have called this the backdoor search loophole since it  allows the government to search for Americans' communications without a  warrant--let me repeat that--without a warrant. The USA Rights Act, of  which I am a cosponsor, includes a fix to this loophole. It also  includes other key reforms to the statute that I support. But that  commonsense bill is not the one on the floor today. The bill before us  today would actually take us backward. It doesn't require a warrant to  search for Americans' communications. It makes it quite easy to resume  the ``about'' collections on Americans--a practice that the government  has literally abandoned. It grants new authorities to allow section 702  data to be used in domestic criminal prosecutions of American citizens.   I strongly believe that the Federal Government needs a way to monitor  foreign communications to ensure that we remain a step ahead of the  terrorists and those who would threaten our national security. The FISA  Amendments Act has been beneficial to the protection of our national  security. I don't question the value of the foreign intelligence that  this law provides. I have seen it with my own eyes. But I also strongly  believe that we need to balance the civil liberties embodied in our  Constitution with our national security imperatives. It is the  responsibility of Congress to find that balance. The bill that is  before us today could come closer to that standard if we improve it  through the adoption of amendments that I and my colleagues would offer  if we had the opportunity. But this bill is being fast-tracked, and we  are left with only the choice of an up-or-down vote.   The American people deserve better than the legislation before us  today. The American people deserve better than warrantless wiretapping.   I urge my colleagues to consider the gravity of the issues at hand  and to oppose reauthorization until we can have a real opportunity for  debate and reform.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   