 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to  come speak in support of this legislation.   I think this is important legislation to ensure that our territories  can share in the revenues from offshore energy production. I believe  the States and I believe the territories should share in that revenue  production.   Mr. Speaker, I think there is an important discussion for us to be  having here. Yes, as the gentleman from Arizona noted, this will be  contributing to our Nation's energy production, which is a good thing.  It is generating a revenue stream based on market forces, which is a  good thing, and it does, Mr. Speaker, return a portion of the revenues  back to the territories or the adjacent host's entity of this energy  production, and it invests dollars in conservation.   Now, to contrast, Mr. Speaker, the majority of the energy in the  United States is derived from oil and gas. That is how the majority of  this Nation's economy is powered.   There are a handful of States that provide that energy. For example,  as this bill pertains only to offshore in Federal waters, in the  offshore you have the State of Alaska represented by our dean. You have  the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana--my home State--Texas,  and, Mr. Speaker, the State of California. Those are all States that  produce offshore energy.   You have a lot of States that are producing onshore energy with the  shale revolution in Texas, in the Dakotas, in Pennsylvania, in Ohio, in  Louisiana and other areas. We are producing onshore production as well.  Once again, this is fueling our Nation's economy, and all 50 States are  benefiting from this.   But, Mr. Speaker, going back to the offshore, we provided about $200  billion from energy production in the offshore to the United States  Treasury. With this bill, on the first dollar of energy produced in the  Federal offshore from wind energy in the territories, a portion of it  is going to be shared with the territory and going to be shared for  conservation activities. Yet the disparity, or the opposite, happens  for onshore.   For onshore energy, what they do is they take the initial dollars and  they put it toward conservation, land conservation in other States--not  where this energy is produced, but in other States.   The gentleman from Arizona even noted that there are impacts from  offshore energy production. I agree with him; there are impacts. Most  of them have been historic impacts.   But for us to take this revenue stream and put it toward other States  and not where this energy is produced, when you are talking about $200  billion, Mr. Speaker, that is wrong. That is why we have introduced  H.R. 6771.   Mr. Speaker, that bill passed the House Natural Resources Committee  unanimously by a voice vote, and I want to thank the gentleman from  Arizona and many other Members for working with us on this legislation.  It was a bipartisan bill.   Mr. Speaker, I want to engage the chairman in a colloquy.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6771 shares revenues from offshore energy  production with States. It increases the revenue sharing, and those  dollars have to be used for coastal restoration, hurricane protection  for community resiliency projects.   I want to ask the chairman if he supports that policy and if he will  continue to work with us to advance that legislation just like this  legislation is being advanced today.    I yield to the gentleman.    I couldn't have said it better myself, Mr.  Speaker.  [[Page H9781]]    Mr. Speaker, with that, I will again say I support this legislation.  I think the policy concept of revenue sharing from energy production is  a solid one, but we have got to make sure that we don't have  conflicting policies when we talk about fossil fuels versus alternative  energy streams.   