 Madam President, I rise today to support Judge Brett  Kavanaugh and to join the chorus of Members of the Senate and millions  of Americans who are coming to the conclusion, as I have, that Judge  Kavanaugh will be an excellent addition to the U.S. Supreme Court. He  has outstanding qualifications for the Court, but some of my friends on  the other side of the aisle are desperately seeking to find an  argument--any argument--to derail his nomination.   The latest attempt by my friends on the other side of the aisle is to  claim they simply do not have enough information about him to make an  informed opinion. Yesterday, the distinguished minority leader of the  Senate came to the floor and suggested that Republicans and Judge  Kavanaugh are hiding something. This raises the question: How much can  you hide about a distinguished judge who has been issuing opinions for  12 straight years on the circuit court of appeals? How much can you  hide about that person's legal philosophy?   In the past, my friend Senator Schumer has asserted that the best way  to evaluate judicial nominees was to review their judicial record.  Perhaps he should follow that advice this year, 2018, in our approach  to Judge Kavanaugh. In 2009, when considering Judge Sotomayor's  nomination to the High Court, my friend the senior Senator from New  York encouraged this body to focus on the nominee's 17-year record as a  judge rather than engage in what he called fishing expeditions.   To supplement Judge Kavanaugh's 12-year record of judicial opinions,  the Senate is receiving a lot of documents--more than 1 million  documents so far, the largest volume of records ever reviewed for any  Supreme Court nominee. It is the largest volume of records ever. If our  Democratic friends want documents, we have them for our Democratic  friends to read.   In addition, Judge Kavanaugh has submitted more than 17,000 pages in  response to the Senate Judiciary Committee's questions. The documents  that have been turned in from his time in the Bush White House total  more than 238,000 pages. Most of these were already available to the  public. In comparison, Judge Gorsuch made available 182,000 pages.  Justice Kagan, when she was being confirmed, made available 170,000  pages for review. In comparison, Judge Kavanaugh's number is 238,000  pages.   What has changed? I think the American people know what is happening  in this debate. The Senate should not be distracted by these stall-and- delay tactics. Instead, let's focus on the fact that Judge Kavanaugh  brings with him a respected reputation and legal record. He has written  some 300 published legal opinions. Let's use the Schumer rule and judge  him on those legal opinions.   Judge Kavanaugh's positions have already been adopted by the Supreme  Court. No fewer than 13 times, the Supreme Court has adopted for the  law of the land an opinion put forth at the circuit court level by  Brett Kavanaugh. I will admit that on one occasion, the Supreme Court  partially reversed Judge Kavanaugh. To me, it is better than a 13-to-1  record of being adopted and upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court.   Judge Kavanaugh has earned positive attention and praise for being a  good mentor, producing a number of clerks who have gone on to work for  the U.S. Supreme Court itself. One of his former clerks wrote in July:  ``No court-of-appeals judge in the nation has a stronger, more  consistent record than Judge Brett Kavanaugh.'' Indeed, Judge Kavanaugh  is known for being thoughtful, principled, and a jurist who will defend  conservative values and uphold the sanctity of the Constitution. That  is exactly what the American people want. It is exactly what the  American people have voted for.   Recently, I had the opportunity to meet with Judge Kavanaugh, like  many of my colleagues. I found him to be just as his reputation and  record suggested--smart, genuine, approachable, and well qualified to  serve on the highest Court of the land. What I have not found in my  review of Judge Kavanaugh's qualifications is any indication that he is  radical or outside the judicial mainstream, as some of my colleagues  might contend.   It is disappointing to see that negative assumptions about Judge  Kavanaugh were reached almost immediately after his nomination or even  before the nomination took place, well before lawmakers could meet with  him or take a serious look at his background. One activist group  hastily sent out a press release opposing Judge Kavanaugh before  filling in his name. It is clear that the message would have been the  same no matter whom President Trump chose--just fill in the blank:  Oppose President Trump's nomination of judge blank. He is radical and  outside the judicial mainstream.   The American people understand this. The American people also chose  President Trump in large part, I believe, to fill the vacancy left by  the late Justice Scalia. This was a decision we preserved for the  American people on election day. President Trump selected an excellent  jurist in Judge Gorsuch, and I am certain Judge Kavanaugh will follow  in the same great tradition.   The outside noise involving Judge Kavanaugh should not deter the  Senate from upholding its constitutional duty to provide advice and  consent on judicial nominees. Frankly, we need to get this done before  the first Monday in October, when the new session of the Supreme Court  will meet. If we follow the precedence of the last two confirmation  processes, we will indeed have plenty of time to do that.   I look forward to our consideration next month of Judge Kavanaugh. I  look forward to the hearings, which will deal with his many  qualifications for the Supreme Court. I think the American people will  be watching, and they will see that he is a jurist capable and willing  to do what is right and fair under the law.   A former professor summed it up very well in writing about Judge  Kavanaugh for the New York Times. Professor Akhil Reed Amar said this:  ``Good appellate judges faithfully follow the Supreme Court; great ones  influence and help steer it.'' As a circuit judge, Judge Kavanaugh has  influenced the Supreme Court, has steered the Supreme Court. It is now  time for him to be elevated to the highest Court in the land, and I  support his confirmation.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   What is the pending business?    Thank you.   