 Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Chairman Hensarling  for all of his work moving this important regulatory reform through.   I speak today in support of H.R. 4296, to place requirements on  operational risk capital requirements for banking organizations  established by an appropriate Federal banking agency. This bill is one  of many that are being reported by the Financial Services Committee  with bipartisan support.   I want to commend Congressman Luetkemeyer and Congressman Meeks for  working together to get a very strong vote from the Financial Services  Committee. I hope that is something we can accomplish today on the  House floor.   This legislation acknowledges that we can make improvements to the  regulatory framework that has been implemented or is still pending in  response to the financial crisis. My constituents and I are very  pleased to see the economic growth over the last year, but that does  not mean we shouldn't take additional steps to ensure that we have an  efficient regulatory system. For example, the Fed is likely going to  continue tightening rates, and I am not sure Congress will always be  able to provide the progrowth fiscal policy that we have seen as of  late.   One of our other tools for affecting the performance of the economy  is a progrowth but sensible regime that permits for investment, job  creation, and financial security. H.R. 4296 will ensure our banking  regulators institute operational risk capital standards that make sense  for the U.S. financial system.   This legislation ensures that operational risk-based capital  requirements are reflective of the banking organization's current  activities and businesses. This seems logical, but the current approach  is dependent on historical performance and does not provide for  adjustments based on changes made by a banking organization.   So, for example, a banking organization might suffer from a cyber  attack that results in losses for the organization. In fact, cyber  attacks and data breaches are considered to be one of the largest  categories of operational risk. In response, this banking organization  could choose to overhaul its ability to detect and respond to such  operational risk incidents.   Shouldn't our capital framework reflect that work, or should the  banking organization continue to suffer from a punitive framework that  disincentivizes proactively addressing operational risk?   I, for one, am supportive of policies that will encourage investment  by banking organizations to address reputational risk, such as those  that might pose a risk for a data breach. I would encourage all of my  colleagues to vote in support of this bipartisan legislation. I would  encourage our financial sector to proactively address operational  risks, and it will also free up capital to permit for economic growth.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their  remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of my Special  Order.    Mr. Speaker, tonight, the U.S. House is joining  together to begin honoring a man known worldwide but who embodied the  humility of who Christ called the poor in spirit, Reverend Billy  Graham.   Tomorrow, Reverend Billy Graham will be just the fourth person in the  history of this great country to be laid in honor in the United States  Capitol. But tonight, we want to briefly try to describe the life of  this man, his ministry, his impact on the Nation and on the world, the  impact he has had on all of our lives.   I am so grateful for the outpouring of support from my many  colleagues who are wanting to join tonight to remember and to celebrate  the amazing life of Billy Graham. I want to get to my colleagues  immediately, and then hopefully have a couple minutes to wrap up at the  end of this hour.   I want to first yield to my good friend, the gentleman from Alabama  (Mr. Aderholt) to share with us.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Jody B. Hice).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Pittenger).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Indiana  (Mrs. Walorski).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia  (Mr. Garrett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from American  Samoa (Mrs. Radewagen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois  (Mr. Bost).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Budd).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Gohmert).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Rouzer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr.  Palmer).    Mr. Speaker, I am next honored to yield to the  gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Speaker, I am next honored to yield to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Loudermilk).    Mr. Speaker, I am next honored to recognize the  gentleman from California (Mr. LaMalfa).    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Congressman LaMalfa's words.   I am next honored to recognize the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Olson).    Mr. Speaker, I am so grateful for so many of my  colleagues who were able to join us tonight to remember Reverend Billy  Graham, born November 7, 1918, and died February 21, 2018.   Billy Graham was a lion of the Christian faith and a believer in the  all-encompassing love of God for all people.   I knew Billy Graham from such an early age: knew of him, knew of his  ministry, and was struck even more so most of my growing up years in  Wheaton, Illinois, where Billy Graham went to school, met his wife.  Much of his ministry started in Wheaton and in that area around  Wheaton.   His ministry spanned generations of American religious thought and  culture, but his core message remained unchanged throughout his entire  lifetime. His evangelistic gatherings attracted millions throughout the  globe for decades. His name is known around the world, as many have  said tonight, maybe one of the most recognized names and most respected  throughout his entire lifetime.   I remember way back in 1971--I was 5 years old--my mom and dad  brought me down to McCormick Place down in downtown Chicago, to be part  of the 1971 Billy Graham crusade. My dad was a counselor at that  crusade. I was a little 5-year-old boy, but I still remember that  night. I remember the power of the message, I remember the power of  this messenger of God sharing his love for us, but also the truth of  the love that Jesus has for us. That he gave everything so that I could  have hope, so that I could have new life.   Even as a little boy, that affected me. It moved me. It moved me so  much that it had me ask more questions of my own mom and dad when I got  home. And, ultimately, it was that same year, right around that time,  when I recognized that I was sinful, even as a little boy, that I was  selfish, that I needed help, I needed a savior, and that I needed  someone to pay a price that I couldn't pay.   And as Billy Graham had stated, and as my mom and dad had taught me,  and as my own grandpa had taught me, only Jesus could pay that price,  and he wanted to do it to give me that free gift of redemption, the  hope that we can have only through Jesus. That was the story and the  message of Billy Graham.   Jumping forward quite a few years, I had the privilege, just 12 years  ago, of being down in Louisiana. I went to the Louisiana State  Penitentiary. It is also known as Angola. Louisiana State Penitentiary  was known as the bloodiest prison in all of America for decades and  decades and decades--more killings and more violence than any other  prison. And then something happened.   God used some people, specifically a warden there, Warden Cain, who  came, and others, to change the hearts of these inmates. They brought a  seminary into this Louisiana State Penitentiary.   Now, hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of prisoners in Louisiana  State Penitentiary have gone through seminary--New Orleans Seminary-- that is right there in the prison, and have gained their own Bible  graduate degrees of being pastors, although they are still in prison.   One of the things that changed in Louisiana State Penitentiary--it  had been when prisoners died in prison, and almost all of them die  there, because life means life in Louisiana--what happened before was,  when prisoners died, they would just be thrown in a ditch in the back  behind the cafeteria and thrown some dirt on top of them. The warden  and others felt like this was absolutely inhumane treatment for  anybody, even prisoners, so they changed something.   They have a woodworking program there, and the inmates of Angola,  Louisiana State Penitentiary, started making caskets for their fellow  prisoners who would die in prison. They handcraft these caskets so that  they are actually gorgeous, handcrafted, recognizing that every life is  of infinite value because God lived and died for that life.   Well, Franklin Graham, Billy's son, was down in Louisiana State  Penitentiary a few years ago. He went on a tour there, saw these  caskets that were being made for inmates, went back and talked to his  mom and dad.   Billy Graham and Ruth Graham said: Do you know what? We want to be  buried in caskets that were made by prisoners.   I am so excited. Tomorrow, this unbelievable honor of Billy Graham  being laid in honor in the United States rotunda, one of only four  people who have had that great honor, but also the story that is going  to be told, that Billy Graham is going to be laid in the rotunda in a  casket that was made by prisoners in Louisiana State Penitentiary. What  an amazing statement of humility of recognizing that we are all the  same. We are all broken people, we all need saving, whether we are  preaching to millions and millions of people, or whether we are in  prison for the rest of our lives because of the mistakes we have made.  We all cannot reach that standard, that perfect standard, to be with  God forever. We need someone to help us reach that, and only Jesus can  help us do that.   Billy Graham recognized that. The statement is going to be very clear  in the rotunda, just outside of these doors tomorrow over the next day  and a half, of recognition of his life, and then, ultimately, he will  be buried there.   I remember back--and I will end with this--just the message of Billy  Graham very clear. Two questions that I think were so important for  Billy Graham. One he talked about in his book, ``Just As I Am.''   He said: The first question I have for God when I get to heaven is,  Why me? Why me, a farm kid from North Carolina that could barely make  it through school? Why me? Why did you choose me as an instrument?   And I think the answer to that question goes back to Isaiah 6:8. That  when Isaiah heard the Lord say, ``Whom shall I send,'' Isaiah said,  ``Here I am, Lord, send me.''   That is exactly what Billy Graham did. He said: Here I am, Lord, send  me. Broken, imperfect, not a great speaker, but here I am, send me   And through that willingness, millions and millions and millions of  lives were touched.   The last question was one that I heard when I went to that crusade in  1971. And it was: Who is Jesus to you? This person of Jesus that has  impacted more people in this world than any other person, who is Jesus  to you?   It was a question that I had to struggle with, even as a 5-year-old.  I continue to learn and grow and understand Jesus. And different people  have different ideas of who Jesus is. No one can deny he was a real  person who had more impact on this world than anybody else.   We talk about the impact that Billy Graham has had. Jesus is the  reason for the impact that Billy Graham had.   So he asked the question: Who is Jesus?   And I think it is worth the study, to take the time to look into who  was this man who lived 2,000 years ago, yet affected everything. Even  our calendar is adjusted to his life.   Who is this Jesus?   As you dig in and you ask questions and study, the question is  either: Is this Jesus who he said he is or isn't he? Is he a liar? Is  he a lunatic? Or is he Lord?   Lord and Savior, the only hope, the light of this world, I believe  that that is exactly who this Jesus is. It was what Billy Graham talked  about.   Mr. Speaker, I want to close with a verse many people remember from  the Billy Graham crusades. The closing of those crusades were led with  a call for people to come forward, but also with an amazing hymn,  ``Just As I Am.'' I want to read a verse or two, and then close.       Just as I am, without one plea,      But that thy blood was shed for me,      And that though bidst me come to thee,      O lamb of God, I come, I come.      Just as I am, and waiting not      To rid my soul of one dark blot,  [[Page H1328]]       To thee whose blood can cleanse each spot,      O lamb of God, I come, I come.    Thank you, Billy Graham. Thank you for your faithfulness. Thank you  for sharing this message of hope with so many people.   We are so honored to recognize him and to thank his family.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   