 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to the engage in  a colloquy with two of my colleagues.    Mr. President, I am here on the floor to talk about  legislation that helps our national parks, which is something that  everyone on this floor has been supportive of over the years.   I am here with a couple of my colleagues who have spent a lot of time  and effort being focused on that issue. One is Senator Angus King, who  is an Independent, although he organizes over there with the Democrats.  He and his colleague, Senator Mark Warner--a Democrat from Virginia-- have been very involved in this issue and have introduced legislation  to address the unmet needs in our parks, which is a critical issue  right now.   There is a $12 billion deferred maintenance backlog for our national  parks. Many of our roads and bridges and water systems and railroads in  my home State--where we have a railroad running through a national  park--are crumbling, and we need to address it. So we are going to hear  a little from Senator King about that.   The other colleague I want to talk about is Senator Alexander. He has  been a champion for the parks over the years. In fact, my recollection  is that a few decades ago, President Ronald Reagan named him to a  commission on the outdoors. It was probably when he was the Governor of  Tennessee--one of the many jobs he has had, including being the  Secretary of Education and the president of the University of  Tennessee. Through all of his jobs and throughout his lifetime, he has  been a huge supporter of the national parks and understands as well as  anybody else--given that he is from Tennessee, where they have lots of  unmet needs--the desperate need, right now, for us to figure out a way  to address this maintenance backlog.   I mentioned $12 billion. That is a big price tag, and it is more than  the funding that we give the parks every year could possibly  accommodate. Again, it is about long-term capital costs. I think it was  Senator Alexander and others who said it is almost like we have a debt  unpaid, and that debt needs to be paid in order for us to continue to  have our national parks be the shining example for our country and,  really, for the rest of the world. There were 330 million visitors last  year at our national parks. Think about that. Visitation is up; yet you  have this crumbling infrastructure and huge issues that must be  addressed.   We have come up with a creative way to deal with it by taking the  revenue from the offshore and onshore Federal energy projects and  saying, OK, if it is on Federal land, some of the royalties come to the  Federal Government. Let's not take the money that is already going to  the Land and Water Conservation Fund and other good purposes; let's  take half of the part that has no other allocation currently and use it  to address this issue. By doing so, we think we can address half of the  backlog--about $6 billion over the next 5 years.   It so happens that the National Park Service has been asked to look  at all of these projects and come up with which ones are of immediate  concern, where there is a true crisis--when you have to address it now  or the need is going to get much greater and when, by the way, the  taxpayers' costs are going to increase dramatically because this is a  compounding problem. If you don't fix the roof, then you end up having  to repair and replace the entire building.   We believe there is a way to do this, a sensible way for us to use  some of this funding. Guess what. So do a lot of other people all  around the country. We have support from all kinds of groups that are  supporting the parks around the country. There are conservation groups  and groups that care a lot about what the experience is of the visitors  at the parks.   We also have support from our colleagues in the House, as they have a  companion bill that is bipartisan also. Republicans and Democrats alike  are supporting it. It has gotten strong support in their committees  over there, as this bill has gotten in our committee here. In fact, it  got out of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee with a big  bipartisan vote.   Finally--and in some respects, maybe most importantly--as a former  Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the administration is  supporting it. Sometimes the administration is careful about supporting  proposals that have to do with this sort of spending--the mandatory  spending, so-called--that comes from the revenues of these natural gas  and oil resources that are on Federal lands, offshore and onshore.   So we have the Trump administration supporting it, and we have so  many colleagues on both sides of the aisle supporting it, and we have  so many outside groups supporting it. Why? It is just time to do it. It  is a very sensible idea that will actually save taxpayer dollars over  the long haul because, again, by fixing these crumbling projects and  infrastructure, we will not have the huge additional costs that will be  borne otherwise. Let's face it--these parks are our treasures and our  legacy, and we need to protect them.   With that, I ask my colleague from Tennessee to say a few words and  my colleague from Maine to say a few words in whatever order they would  like to speak.   Let me finally say--and this is on a sad note--that on Monday, I  learned that my colleague from Tennessee, who is about to speak, has  decided that at age 78, it is time for him to enjoy a more peaceful and  enjoyable lifestyle outside the Senate. He will not be running for  reelection in 2 years. Yet 2 years is a long time, and we are going to  get a lot done together. This bill is one of them.   I am going to miss him a lot. He is the best legislator, I believe,  in the Senate. He knows how to get things done, and that is saying a  lot, as there are a lot of great legislators here. He can bring  together disparate parties, not just Democrats and Republicans but  sometimes those within our own party. Of the personalities and so on  that are not easy to deal with, he manages to smooth all of the  feathers and get things done, and this park bill has been an example of  that.   He has been a leader on this issue, and I have had a great experience  in working with him already. Again, I hope, in working together, this  will be one of the many legacy items about which he will get to talk to  his children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren.   With that, I turn it over to Senator King from Maine and then to  Senator Alexander from Tennessee.    Mr. President, I appreciate the comments of both of my  colleagues from Maine and Tennessee. They are both absolutely right.  This legislation is ready to be passed. We have done the hard work and  the research. We have looked at a number of creative ways to handle  this backlog that everybody wants to get at.  [[Page S7767]]    Everybody agrees that our national parks are the jewels of our  country, and we need to address them. Everybody knows that if you don't  fix the roof and the building ends up falling down, you have to pay a  lot more. So if this is to the point where this is a debt unpaid, it is  also a debt that grows because it compounds over time. These are two  former Governors who just spoke, and they did this in their own States,  capital budgeting; in other words, not just looking at your annual  expenses--in this case, park rangers and naturalists--but actually  looking at how to take a building that is about to fall down and put an  enormous amount of expense into that to ensure that you save money over  time.   I will say that I have been all around my State. We don't have parks  that are quite as big as Acadia or the Smokies, but we do have a lot of  new parks in Ohio. One is Cuyahoga Valley National Park, which is  actually number 13 in the country now in visitation, between Akron and  Cleveland, OH. It is a fantastic opportunity for young people--school  kids--to come every year. By the way, there is lots of volunteer work  going on at all of these parts, including in Cuyahoga Valley. So we are  not talking about displacing the volunteer work that is being done. It  is very effective at building the trails and ensuring that young people  can be involved in helping our parks if they have an opportunity to do  so.   There are also a lot of friends groups out there. The friends group  at the Cuyahoga Valley National Park happens to be headed by the  national president of the Association of Friends Group. All of these  parks have great groups of private citizens who give their money,  private foundations who give their money for our national parks. That  is all needed, but they cannot afford the $12 billion maintenance  backlog that is the responsibility of the Federal Government.   So $47 million is an example of what is needed at the Cuyahoga Valley  National Park to fix that railroad I talked about, to fix the bridge I  saw that is about to fall down, to fix the roof at a visitors center  that is about to fall down.   It is also $47 million, roughly, for a monument off Lake Erie, the  Perry Monument. Some of you know the story about how there is a seawall  there to protect the Perry Monument and the interpretive center there.  That seawall is crumbling, and it is a huge expense to repair a sea  wall, as a coastal Governor like Governor King will tell you. So that  is a maintenance backlog issue that has to be addressed in this kind of  a capital bill.   So I am very excited about the opportunity to get this done. I think  Senator Alexander is right. It is going to be difficult to get it done  this week because we are up against the end of the year and we have so  many other priorities. On the other hand, this one has not just  bipartisan support, but I would say nonpartisan support and bicameral  support. It is one of those bills--I think Senator Alexander is exactly  right--we ought to put it at the top of the agenda. It will be a great  win.   I think the American people are looking for wins right now. I think  they are wondering, how can a divided government work? Here is an  example of how it can work. We have Republicans and Democrats alike  saying that this is a problem--long in the making, by the way. It  didn't just happen recently; it has been years and years of our  delaying these expenditures, these capital improvements that are  needed--and wouldn't it be great.   So we are going to hit the ground running. Come January, we will  reintroduce our legislation. Senator Alexander, Senator King, Senator  Warner, and I are going to be out there getting cosponsors from staff  who happen to be listening. We want to talk to you and your Member  because you ought to be on this bill if you are not one of the more  than one-third of the Senate who are already a part of it.   I just can't thank my colleagues enough for showing up today to talk  about this. I know Senator Warner is busy with other meetings right  now, but speaking for him, I will just say that he came up with this  very creative idea. I want to thank him for his hard work on this. I  know that in his home State, with the Blue Ridge and other great  national parks, he has the same sense of urgency that all of us have,  which is that if we don't address this now, we are going to see the  visitor experience be diminished, and we are going to see a lot of  higher costs for taxpayers.   This is the time that we have the organizations behind us. Senator  Alexander talked about 100 conservation organizations. I didn't know  there were 100 conservation organizations, but they are all on board,  and they understand that this is the opportunity to do something very  significant.   I think Senator Alexander is right; probably in the 100-year history  of our national parks, there has never been a single bill that could  make such a big difference--maybe not since Teddy Roosevelt started  acquiring the land to protect our national treasures.   So we need to get this done. I thank my colleagues and I welcome them  to make any final comments.    Mr. President, I want to talk today about the criminal  justice reform legislation before the Senate. This is legislation that  deals with two huge issues in our criminal justice system. One is  important to sentencing reform.   A lot of this is to level the playing field--for instance, between  crack cocaine and powder cocaine, what kind of sentencing ought to be  used, something that has been talked about for many years. There is, in  our view--many of us--an injustice with the levels of sentencing. That  is important.   Second, this legislation deals with an issue that many States are  finally figuring out, which is that we need to do something to keep  people who are leaving our jails and prisons from coming right back  into the criminal justice system again.   These numbers are just amazing. Ninety-five percent of those who are  incarcerated will be released someday. We all know that. When people  are released from prison or jail, over a 3-year period about two-thirds  of them are rearrested. Some call it a revolving door. There is a  fancier word for it. It is called recidivism, and it is a huge issue.   Think about it. If two-thirds of the people are back in the prison  system or the criminal justice system, that means they have committed  another crime. That means our communities are less safe. It also means  that the taxpayer ends up picking up the tab--both the cost of  prosecution again and, also, the cost of incarceration, which can go  from $25,000 to $40,000 a year, depending on which system prisoners are  in. It is a huge cost. Frankly, this is what has driven the push toward  doing something about it in many of our States. State budgets have been  overwhelmed with the cost of criminal justice.   We have committed ourselves here in Congress to deal with that, to  try to reduce crimes, bring families back together, and help people be  able to live out their purpose in life. God's purpose in life for all  of us may be a little different, but it is certainly not to be someone  in the revolving door of the criminal justice system.   One thing we have focused on is this: How do you give people the  tools to be able to be more successful when they have left prison and  reentered society? I have worked on this for the past 15 years. One  thing we came up with was legislation called the Second Chance Act. The  Second Chance Act was put into law about 11 years ago. It is an idea  that George W. Bush talked about in his speech to a joint session of  Congress about 14, 15 years ago. What he said was: Let's give people a  second chance. We believe in redemption in this country. Many of us  believe in it, as it is from its Biblical roots, but it is something  that George W. Bush believed in.   He also said that it makes no sense because people are costing their  communities more and more in crime, costing taxpayers more in  prosecution and incarceration.   Let's do something about it. Let's not hold people back because of  their mistakes in the past but, instead, give them the tools to be able  to lead a better life, a more productive life.   The Second Chance Act has worked well over the years. It has provided  this onramp to help ex-offenders reenter society appropriately.  However, it needs to be reauthorized.   The criminal justice reform we have before us deals with this issue  of rehabilitation and deals with this issue of giving people the tools  to be able to succeed by job training, by mental health treatment, by  drug treatment, and that is important. But once they get out of the  system, that is where the Second Chance Act is so important.   The message is clear. It tells ex-offenders: If you want to turn your  life around and become a productive member of society, we want to help  you do that. Rather than incarcerating these repeat offenders,  sometimes generation after generation, let's put our tax dollars to use  in a more effective way to break this vicious cycle and turn these  lives around.   Congress appropriated funding for the Second Chance Program this year  at $85 million, up from $68 million in some years in the past. So we  are actually putting more funding against it. But the program needs to  be reauthorized to improve the program, to put more accountability  measures into the program. That is what it does. Again, it is part of  this broader criminal justice reform that we are voting on today.   I have spent a lot of time going around my State of Ohio, seeing how  these Second Chance Act grants are working. One thing they have done in  my State, and probably in your State, is create reentry coalitions. To  get a coalition grant, it is easier to have a reentry coalition making  application for it. You have these comprehensive coalitions--I had only  a few in a few of our counties in Ohio; now we have them in over 60 of  our counties. It is great. You have the business sector coming  together--the private sector--along with the law enforcement folks,  along with the treatment providers. I have seen it work all over our  State. I have seen so many people who have successfully been able to  make that transition from prison and a life of crime and this revolving  door into a productive life.   I will tell you about one person who is always on my mind when I  think about this. It is someone I met at something called Central  Kitchen. Central Kitchen is a reentry program run by the Lutheran  Ministry in Cleveland, OH.   Melvin is a gentleman I met there, and Melvin's story is classic.  Melvin had been in and out of prison his whole life. For about a decade  and a half, he was in prison, out of prison, in prison. He grew up in a  rough neighborhood. He got involved in drugs and alcohol. He couldn't  get out of the cycle. He couldn't get out of the revolving door. One  day he heard about this program and said: I will check it out.   It is a faith-based program. They have been particularly effective,  in my view. It is one that is supported by legislation like the Second  Chance Act.   Sure enough, it has worked. Melvin learned how to cook. He worked at  the Central Kitchen, and went on to work  [[Page S7770]]  full time at another restaurant. As he said: What better way to be  rewarded and what better way to be forgiven?   He has started his own catering business now. He is no longer defined  by his past. He is defined by his willingness to take advantage of the  Second Chance Act. His eyes are now on the future.   By the way, there is one thing he told me that I will never forget: I  finally got a place to live again. I got my apartment back. And most  importantly to me, I got my child back.   After 15 years of being in and out of prison, paying some child  support--sometimes not--he now has his little girl living with him. He  is a role model for her.   I have seen these role models all over our State. I have seen them in  factories. I have talked to supervisors in factories who tell me the  ``second chance employees'' I just met with at a roundtable are the  role models. They show up on time. They are grateful.   They realize they have been given a second chance, and they take it  seriously. I support the underlying legislation of criminal justice  reform law that we are now going to take up on the floor. I think it is  the right thing to do for our country in so many respects. Our  communities will be safer, our taxpayers will be able to spend their  money more efficiently and effectively. For these individuals who are  now given a chance, given the tools to be able to lift themselves up  and lead productive lives, that is their purpose in life. God's purpose  in life for them is being fulfilled by this legislation.   I am glad it is being reauthorized as part of this underlying  legislation. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. I  thank Senator Leahy, who is the coauthor of the Second Chance Act on  the other side of the aisle, which has been bipartisan from the start.  I thank the President and Jared Kushner for their support of this  legislation.   I also thank those Members of the Senate who have been so involved in  this, particularly my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee, Senator  Durbin, Senator Lee--I just talked to Senator Lee about this  legislation a moment ago, and he has been tenacious--Senator Grassley,  Senator Feinstein, Senator Graham, Senator Booker, Senator Whitehouse,  Senator Cornyn, and others. This legislation will make a difference in  my State of Ohio and around the country. I encourage my colleagues to  support it.   I yield back.    Mr. President, among the colleagues of ours who is not  going to be rejoining us in January is Dean Heller. Senator Heller  hails from Nevada. He is a good friend. He is also a valued Member of  this body, and we are going to miss him.   Dean is a classic servant leader who has dedicated himself to public  service. He has served in all kinds of roles in his community, his  State, his country, and he has always done it with class and humility.   He grew up in Carson City, NV, with his five brothers and sisters. He  says he started working at his dad's auto shop in middle school. Do you  know what? I think he brought some of the skills he learned in middle  school on the shop floor to the U.S. Senate. Like every good mechanic,  he is optimistic. Every mechanic thinks they can fix whatever problem  you have. That is Dean Heller. He rolls up his sleeves, he gets to  work, and he has the determination to make things better. That is as  true as when he is working on a car as when he is working on  legislative solutions in the U.S. Congress.   He has been devoted to helping his community for a long time. He  served for two terms in the Nevada Assembly, representing Carson City,  and then he served for three terms as Nevada secretary of state before  being elected to represent the State's Second Congressional District in  the House of Representatives, across the way there.   Later, he was appointed to the U.S. Senate, and then he won his  election to the U.S. Senate in 2012. I have had the privilege of  working with Dean Heller a lot on issues. We both serve on the Senate  Finance Committee. We have jurisdiction over a lot of things, including  tax reform.   During the tax reform process over the last year, we worked hard  together, and I saw the hard work and determination he first developed  working at his dad's auto body shop. I saw someone who was solutions- driven, someone who wanted to create a better future for the people he  represents.   He was effective in a number of ways, with regard to helping others,  helping with opportunity. One that he worked with the Presiding Officer  on is doubling the child tax credit. It is a provision in the new tax  law that puts more money back in the pockets of hard-working families  in America.   He also served on the Senate Banking Committee, the Committee on  Veterans' Affairs, and the Commerce Committee. He has been involved in  a lot of the issues this body takes up. In fact, more than 100 of his  bills have become law during his time in the U.S. Senate. That means he  has reached across the aisle to help his fellow Nevadans.   His presence is going to be missed, but I know he will keep trying to  make things better. I know he will stay busy back home, too, doing some  of the things he loves: bailing hay on his ranch, repairing his stock  cars--he grew up racing--horse packing, hunting, fishing, and spending  time with his great family.   He and his wife, Lynne, have been married for more than 30 years,  have four kids and three grandkids. I know he is looking forward to  spending more time with them this holiday season. In fact, he told me  for one of his holiday traditions he gets out his trombone, and his  kids and their spouses all grab instruments and they play music. The  Heller band performs some famous well-known Christmas holiday songs. I  would love to see that. I am not sure I would like to hear it, but I  would love to see it--Dean with his trombone.   Let me say, it has been an honor to serve with Dean Heller. He is a  great guy. It is a privilege to work with him. I know he has a bright  future outside of this place. I look forward to continuing to stay in  touch. We will miss him. Knowing his work is not done, we hope to  continue to work with him.   I yield back my time.   