 Madam President, this week the Senate takes another step  toward regular order in the appropriations process in the Senate.   The package before the Senate today contains the fiscal year 2019  appropriations bills for the Subcommittees on Interior; Financial  Services; Agriculture; and Transportation, Housing and Urban  Development. We have not debated an interior appropriations bill on the  floor of the U.S. Senate in nearly 10 years.   The Financial Services appropriations bill has not seen floor action  in several years either. Why? Because year after year, party-line votes  in committees represented the end of the line in the legislative  process. Yet here we are today debating both of these appropriations  bills and more on the Senate floor.   So what changed? What changed was the mindset of appropriators on  both sides of the aisle who embraced a willingness to sacrifice  partisan riders and priorities outside the committee's jurisdiction for  the good of the process. Together we have committed to do what is good  for the process because we want to do what is right by the American  people.   This approach is yielding meaningful results thus far. The Interior  and Financial Services bills in this package both won the unanimous  approval of the Appropriations Committee, which is generally unheard  of--unanimous, Madam President. We haven't seen that level of support  for these bills in quite some time around here.   The Agriculture and Transportation, Housing and Urban Development  bills also garnered unanimous support of the Appropriations Committee.   I want to take a minute to commend the chairmen of these  subcommittees--Senator Murkowski, Senator Collins, Senator Hoeven, and  Senator Lankford--for their leadership in the process. I also, again,  thank Vice Chairman Leahy and the ranking members of these  subcommittees for their hard work. These Senators have worked together  to produce strong and, I believe, bipartisan bills.   This broad bipartisan support paved the way for the full Senate's  consideration of these bills, and I thank Leaders McConnell and Schumer  for agreeing to bring this package to the floor.   As we begin debate this week, we can leverage our recent success in  passing appropriations bills. Just last month, the Senate passed a  package of three fiscal year 2019 appropriations bills with  overwhelming support. This support was facilitated by an open amendment  process and a willingness to work together to address legitimate Member  concerns. As a result, the process was both open and, I believe,  disciplined.   More importantly, it was successful, passing by a vote of 86 to 5-- yes, 86 to 5.   The bill managers on both sides of the aisle will seek to replicate  this process and success with the package now before the Senate. We ask  for the continued cooperation of all Senators in this effort.   Critical mass, that is what we are building in the Senate--critical  mass for returning to regular order in the appropriations process.   By completing our work in a deliberate and timely manner on this  package, we can turn next to the Defense and Labor-HHS-Education  package. While completion of our work on the current package will mean  we have passed more than half of the 2019 appropriations bills, the  lion's share of discretionary spending, as my colleagues know, is  contained in the Defense and Labor-HHS bills. That is very important to  all of us here, very important to our constituents, and very important  to our country.   Again, I encourage our colleagues to participate in this process and  help sustain the momentum we have generated thus far. We have a lot of  work to do, but we are making real progress. I hope my colleagues find  this encouraging. I certainly do.   With that, I yield the floor.   