 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address some  questions with my colleague from Virginia.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator very much for laying  out the history of some of the key  [[Page S408]]  elements of how we got here. If your unanimous consent request had been  agreed to by the Republicans, we would have a vote to reopen the  government; is that the case?    And is this not essentially the same consent request  that was put forward by our colleague from Montana, Senator Tester,  just on Friday night?    So, repeatedly, the majority that controls this Chamber  and has locked up the amendment box--the opportunity for anyone to put  forth any proposals--they have locked it up. We have asked unanimous  consent to essentially unlock that and put forward a proposal to keep  the government open--because it hadn't yet shut down when it was first  put forward--and now to reopen the government. They are absolutely  refusing to entertain the prospect of this amendment being heard.    So the citizens of the United States anticipate or  expect that this body--once referred to as a great deliberative body-- would have a chance for different ideas to be put forward and different  proposals to be considered. But that has not happened in this  situation. There has been no opportunity for anyone to put forward any  proposal to modify the legislation that has come from the House.    No matter how important it is to keep the government  open, the majority refused to entertain any proposal toward that  effect, even if it had bipartisan support.    So the whole reason we have a Trump shutdown right now-- as you pointed out, the President wanted it, but it is also because the  majority leader, on behalf of the majority, also wanted to keep us shut  down and refused to entertain the Democratic bipartisan proposals to  open it up.    So the President, the House, and then the Republican  leadership launched this plan to shut down the government. They  succeeded. They rejected at least three times the Democratic effort to  have a bipartisan proposal to keep the government open or after they  shut it down--the Trump shutdown--to reopen it. Yet, even as you put  forward this proposal, at this moment, they are still determined to  keep the government shut down.    I thank the Senator. I appreciate his speech and  proposal. Certainly, so many of us are ready to vote right now, as we  were before, to have a 3-day period in order to force intensive  negotiations, because what we have seen, when the Republicans do a  continuing resolution of a month or longer, they wait until the last 2  days to actually work on the issues, and we want to work on them right  now. We think it is important that we address opioids. I think that is  what your constituents in Virginia would like to see us do.    They really want to see us reopen our community health  centers and get those funded because they are so important.    As I am standing here, I am in support of the proposal  the Senator put forward, and I think every Member on this side of the  aisle is. We are ready to open it up for 3 days, just as we were  determined not to have a shutdown in the first place. So let's end this  Trump shutdown and encourage our Republican colleagues to quit hatching  and continuing this plan to extract this penalty, this damage, to our  Nation.   