 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, the largest broadband deployment gap  exists in rural communities, where more than 12 million Americans lack  coverage.   Wireless communications companies require access to land or  infrastructure to site the antennas necessary to provide service.  Often, to reach more rural areas throughout our country, they require  access to Federal land to ensure more complete coverage, including for  providing emergency services. This need is expected to increase as  providers deploy facilities to support 5G wireless services, which will  require more antennas spaced closer together.   Unfortunately, the process for securing access to Federal land and  property has been problematic, with red-tape bureaucracy being the main  issue. Providers have experienced lost or missing applications,  paperwork left to languish for years, varying or undisclosed rules  within agencies, redundant historical or environmental reviews, and  inconsistent denials of the process.   In some cases, providers do not even receive a response from Federal  agencies, resulting in stalled build-out and discouragement in rural  areas. This is completely unacceptable.   My amendment today seeks to streamline and expedite the regulatory  framework necessary to utilize Federal lands for broadband  infrastructure deployments.   Specifically, the language would require the Secretary of  Agriculture, within 1 year of enactment, to issue regulations that  would streamline the siting process for Forest Service land and ensure  that the process is uniform across all of the organizational units of  the Forest Service, while eliminating overlapping requirements.   Applications would be trackable and deemed granted if not acted upon  within 270 days, which is 9 months.   Lastly, any fees collected for allowing siting on Forest Service land  can be used for processing the applications and the development,  management, and improvement of sites for communications facilities.   I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment that simply  aims to improve access to rural broadband coverage for rural Americans,  who deserve it, across this Nation.   Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr.  Gosar), my colleague and good friend.    Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Arizona. I  appreciate the support and his excellent words toward that.   In closing, Mr. Chairman, again, the concerns about this might be on  environmental issues. This amendment does not allow anyone to  circumvent environmental protections already in place. It simply  requires an agency to fix the current regulatory maze, filled with  excessive red tape, to deploy broadband infrastructure. That is it.   To be clear, if you wanted to deploy broadband networks across the  country that support 5G, we should really be doing something about it  now.   Americans rely on broadband for their jobs, telemedicine, distance  learning, emergency services, and many more good reasons. Again, with  almost half of rural Americans not having access to good broadband  internet today, they will continue to lag behind and suffer if we do  not address these regulatory barriers.   Mr. Chairman, 270 days, 9 months, really, that should be a long  enough gestation period to process applications by these Federal  agencies.   Mr. Chair, I ask for the ``aye'' vote, and I appreciate support on  both sides of the aisle.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   