 Mr. President, the issue we are confronting today is one  that deals with the separation of powers outlined in the U.S.  Constitution.   Our system of government was set up in such a way as to protect the  people from the dangers associated with the excessive accumulation of  power in the hands of a few. We knew from our experience under British  rule that bad things happen, especially at a national level, when too  few people exercise too much of the power. Nowhere is this more evident  than in the case of the war power. In fact, much of the Revolutionary  struggle that led to the creation of our Nation resulted from wartime  activities undertaken by a Monarch thousands of miles and an ocean  away. It is important today that we remember those same concerns and  the constraints placed in our Constitution as we run our government  nearly 2\1/2\ centuries later.   I am happy to be here with my colleague, Senator Sanders, to file a  discharge motion for our resolution, S.J. Res. 54.   Whether you are present in the Chamber today, physically with us, or  whether you are tuning in at home, I hope you will listen closely so  that we can fill you in on the unauthorized Middle East war that your  government--the government of the United States of America--is  supporting and actively participating in as a cobelligerent.   This war in Yemen has killed tens of thousands of innocent  civilians--human beings, lest we forget--each one of them possessing  innate, immeasurable worth and dignity. This war has created refugees,  orphans, widows; it has cost millions of dollars; and, believe it or  not, at the end of the day, it actually has, quite arguably, undermined  our fight against terrorist threats such as ISIS. I will expand on  these unfortunate facts in a moment, but for now, let's just focus on  one thing. Our military's involvement in Yemen has not been authorized  by Congress as required by the Constitution.   Article I, section 8 of the Constitution states that the Congress  shall have the power to declare war--Congress, not the President, not  the Pentagon, not someone else within the executive branch of  government, but Congress. Yet in 2015, then-President Obama initiated  our military involvement in Yemen and did so without authorization from  Congress.   The current administration has continued Obama's war. Senator  Sanders, Senator Murphy, our cosponsors, and I are now giving Congress  a chance to fix this error by debating and voting on our Nation's  continued involvement in this unauthorized, illegal war in Yemen.   If, as our opponents claim, this war is necessary, then surely they  can defend that argument before this body and before the House of  Representatives and, ultimately, secure authorization from Congress,  just as the Constitution demands under article I, section 8. But if, on  the other hand, they cannot defend this war and they cannot persuade a  majority of the Members of this body and a majority of the Members of  the House of Representatives that this is a war that needs to be  fought, then it needs to end. Let's have an honest reckoning about this  war today.   Before this debate gets underway in earnest, there are a few points  that I would like to clarify.   First, let's talk about Iran for just a moment. Yes, the Houthis did  fire on a U.S. Navy vessel. This only reinforces the fact that Yemenis  view the United States as a participant in this war, regardless of  whether or not Congress wants to acknowledge that participation or  approve it, as the Constitution requires. But overall, there are  conflicting reports about the extent of Iranian support for the Houthi  rebels.   What we do know is this: The Houthis are a regional rebel group that  does not itself threaten the United States. While the Houthis are no  friends of ours, neither are they a serious threat to American national  security. The longer we fight against them, the more reason we give  them to hate America and embrace the opportunists who are our true  enemy in the region--Iran. And the more we prolong activities that  destabilize the region, the longer we harm our own interests in terms  of trade and broader regional security.   The bottom line is this: We are spending a great deal of time and  treasure to defeat a regional rebel group  [[Page S1804]]  with no desire to attack the homeland and unclear ties to Iran. Iran's  influence is much clearer in other parts of the Middle East with other  groups--for example, with the murderous terrorist group, Hezbollah.   If we want to counter Iran, let's have that debate in Congress and  vote to equip this administration with the necessary authorization to  use our vast and fearsome military resources to defeat its proxies--not  to create new proxies by turning rebel groups against us.   Let's talk about ISIS for a moment. Our resolution would not impede  the military's ability to fight terror groups, like ISIS, inside Yemen.  The resolution itself requires the removal of U.S. forces from  hostilities in Yemen, except--except, and I quote--``United States  Armed Forces engaged in operations directed at Al Qaeda or associated  forces.'' That is a direct quote from the text of the resolution  itself. It should put to rest the notion that this would somehow  jeopardize our ability to fight terrorists.   The Pentagon and the executive branch have long insisted that they  have adequate authority under the authorization for the use of military  force enacted in 2001--adequate authority under the 2001 AUMF to fight  against ISIS.   If those at the Pentagon and elsewhere in the executive branch or any  of my colleagues now claim that this resolution specifically needs to  exempt operations against ISIS, then what are we to make of their  previous confidence in the 2001 AUMF? Have they suddenly lost faith in  that document overnight or are they merely using this argument as a  pretense to oppose our resolution?   I personally believe that the 2001 AUMF has been stretched too far.  Our resolution, however, is completely agnostic on this point. It is  entirely agnostic about whether counterterror operations against al- Qaida and ISIS can proceed in the wake of the resolution. Our  resolution is specific, and our resolution relates specifically to the  Houthis. Nothing in this bill may be interpreted as an AUMF.   Lastly, with regard to Saudi Arabia and the ongoing visit of Crown  Prince Mohammad bin Salman in Washington, DC, at the moment, I have  been deeply concerned about our illegal war in Yemen since its  inception and have taken steps to end our involvement in that war. I  presented questions to our combatant commanders on the topic, just as I  have for other unauthorized operations in the past. I had hoped the new  administration might take prompt action to end our unauthorized  activities in Yemen. Sadly, that has not occurred.    Last fall, after countless missed opportunities and some broken  assurances, my colleagues and I decided it was time to take matters  into our own hands. By ``matters,'' I mean those matters that are  specifically already in our hands, those matters that are already  granted to the Congress and to no other branch of government.   There may be some short-term impact on the U.S.-Saudi relationship,  but overall the Crown Prince should understand that this protracted and  clearly nonconclusive war only hurts his government's stability and  legitimacy. He, too, should want a quick end to this conflict. Saudi  Arabia is an indispensable partner in the region, without which the  United States would be less successful. But the Saudis themselves are  at an inflection point within their own government. Working with the  United States should be a goal for the Crown Prince and should be a  credibility-lending endeavor.   The resolution before you is the product of years of effort. It was  not timed in any way, shape, or form to coincide with the Crown  Prince's visit. It was drafted with one thing in mind, which is to make  sure that before we put U.S. blood and treasure on the line, before we  put the sons and daughters of the American people who have served in  harm's way into an area in which hostilities are ongoing, to get  involved in combat capacities in an area where conflict is brewing, we  owe it to them, we owe it to their parents, we owe it to their  families, and we owe it to ourselves, having taken an oath to uphold,  protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States, to do it the  right way--not just because the Constitution requires that but also  because of the reasons the Constitution requires that.   It makes sense that when we are doing something that has a greater  capacity to impact our government, our standing in the world, our own  security, and the lives of those who were sworn to protect us, we do it  in the right way, not just through the appropriate branch of government  but through the appropriate branch of government in part because that  is the only place where an open, honest, public debate can occur.   It is one thing to make a decision somewhere within the military  chain of command on whether to undertake a particular action, but this  is one of the reasons why, in order to declare war, in order to get us  involved in a war in the first place, it requires action by Congress,  because this is the branch of the Federal Government most accountable  to the people at the most regular intervals.   Over the course of many decades, under the leadership of Congresses  and White Houses of every conceivable partisan combination, we have  seen a gradual shift of power in a number of areas--including  regulatory policy, trade policy, and the exercise of the war power-- over to the executive branch of government. When we don't exercise that  power, it starts to atrophy; the Constitution means less, and it is  less able to protect the American people. That is why this resolution  matters. That is why I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.  Let's do this the right way.    I would certainly agree that the answer is yes in response  to that question. It is Congress that gets to decide whether we go to  war; it is not the executive branch.   For that very same reason, when we have brought up this resolution  calling into question whether we have authorized that war and whether  we should continue in the absence of an authorization for that war--if  we are asked to table that, that very request amounts to a request for  abdication of our constitutional responsibility.   A favorite song of mine called ``Freewill'' by the band Rush came out  several decades ago, and it says: ``If you choose not to decide, you  still have made a choice.''   If we choose in this moment to table this resolution, we are making a  choice to be willfully blind to the exercise of a power that belongs to  us, to allow someone else to exercise it without proper authority. That  is wrong. That cannot happen, not on our watch.    Mr. President, some of our colleagues from time to time may  ask us how we would define the term ``hostilities'' and what the United  States might be doing that triggers that definition. I welcome that  discussion. It is important to note that the U.S. Code is somewhat  vague on that question, defining ``hostilities'' broadly to mean any  conflict subject to the laws of war. I don't necessarily view that  broad definition as problematic. It is something that allows Congress  to assess the unique circumstances in each instance on specific grounds  at each point in time.   Our involvement in war and in conflict has greatly changed over the  years, and it will continue to change as the nature of international  relations changes and as the technology we use in war changes and  develops. It doesn't mean we are not involved in hostilities. I welcome  further discussion on this matter.   Let's look at the facts of our involvement in Yemen today. Since  2015, U.S. forces have aided the Saudi coalition with midair refueling  and target selection assistance, or, as Defense Secretary Jim Mattis  said in December 2017, our military is helping the Saudis ``make  certain [they] hit the right thing.'' In other words, we are helping a  foreign power bomb its adversaries in multiple ways. If that doesn't  include and amount to and itself constitute hostilities, then such  words have lost their meaning.   There are those within the executive branch of government who would  define the term ``hostilities'' so narrowly that it would apply only  when our armed services personnel are on the ground firing upon or  being fired upon by an enemy force. It is understandable in some  respects that they would want to define it that way because if they  define it that way, that puts the executive in power.   That is one of the reasons we have to remember that there is a  natural tension built into our constitutional structure to make sure  that not all power is concentrated in any one branch of government. It  is one of the reasons Alexander Hamilton pointed out in Federalist No.  69 that war power would not be exercised by the Executive in our system  of government. In this instance, as in many others, the Executive in  our system of government would differ from the monarch under the old  system, the one that was based in London. The King had the power to  take Great Britain to war. The King didn't have to seek a declaration  of war from Parliament; the King could act in and of himself to decide  when to take us to war. It is one of the reasons why it matters here.   When we see the definition of ``hostilities'' narrowed to the point  that it very often will not exist given the way we engage in  hostilities today, given modern technologies that frequently allow us  to engage in acts that anyone would have to acknowledge amount to  combat, amount to conflict, amount to hostilities, they can still  explain it away as something the Executive can do independently of  Congress.   This resolution will not do anything, according to some, because we  are not engaged in hostilities in Yemen. I am building upon this  argument that is based upon a very narrow, cramped, distorted  interpretation of the word ``hostilities.''   When people ask what we think the resolution would do if it were to  pass--first of all, it is clear that we are engaged in hostilities  because when we are involved as a cobelligerent, involved in midair  refueling in combat flights, when we are identifying targets for the  Saudi-led military coalition in Yemen against the Houthis, those are  combat operations, and those are clearly hostilities. But even if we  were to suppose that U.S. activities in Yemen somehow did not  constitute hostilities according to the War Powers Resolution, the text  of our resolution is crystal clear about what constitutes  ``hostilities'' for its purpose; namely, ``aerial targeting assistance,  intelligence sharing, and mid-flight aerial refueling.'' Our resolution  would end those very specific activities against the Houthis in Yemen-- nothing more and nothing less.    Mr. President, Senator Sanders mentioned some previous wars  and how this may or may not relate to those previous wars. One of the  other questions we get from time to time is also a related question:  How does this impact or influence operations somewhere else in the  world where the United States is engaged? Would the passage of this  resolution mean that every other type of operation anywhere else in the  world would have to stop too? What about our global counterterrorism  activities? We sometimes get those questions.   The main reason we drafted this resolution was to bring our  activities in Yemen into line with our laws as expressed in the  Constitution. So if we are fighting unauthorized wars in other places  around the globe, then those wars need to be authorized by Congress, or  else they would need to end. Importantly, however, this resolution does  not itself make law or set precedent for other operations. This  resolution applies just to this conflict in Yemen against the Houthis.  Each conflict or operation ought to be evaluated on its own merits and  measured against our national interest and any existing authorizations  for the use of military force. We can't evaluate this resolution as  being something that requires us to swallow the entire elephant at  once. This is just focusing on one issue in one part of the world. We  need not take any kind of a ``sky is falling'' approach that will say  this will immediately jeopardize everything else we are doing in any  and every other part of the world.   Global counterterror operations under title 10 or title 50 involve  U.S. action but arise in different ways, and any other activity that we  undertake or authority that we cite in introducing our armed service  personnel into hostilities cannot serve as a substitute for  congressional action as contemplated by the Constitution. The power to  declare war belongs to Congress and not to the Executive. Just because  government breaks the rules often--and sometimes with impunity--it does  not mean it has the right to  [[Page S1806]]  break the rules, nor does it mean, certainly, that we shouldn't call  out rule-breaking when we see it going on, but that is a debate for  another day.   The resolution before us today is specific to our activities against  the Houthis in Yemen. It does not authorize or deauthorize military  force in any other part of the globe or against any other foe. In fact,  the resolution specifies that it does not interfere with existing  operations against al-Qaida and its affiliates. Our resolution is  narrowly tailored to end our efforts to assist forces that are fighting  against the Houthis. It is deliberately narrow in order to address a  black-and-white situation that is clearly not covered by any existing  authorization for the use of military force. Counterterror operations  that are supported by the 2001 AUMF and other legitimate authorizations  would not be affected by this resolution.   I yield to Senator Murphy.    Mr. President, I stand to urge a ``no'' vote on the motion  to table. We are involved as cobelligerents in hostilities in someone  else's war--in a civil war in Yemen.   It is very difficult to dispute the contention that there is no  decision made by a government that is more severe, more serious, that  carries with it more dire consequences than sending brave young men and  women sworn to protect us into harm's way, into battle, into  hostilities.   We have been faced with the debate here about what amounts to  hostilities. We have the executive branch of government that  understandably has defined that term narrowly but in this case so  narrowly as to obliterate any meaning behind that word, basically  suggesting that we are not in hostilities unless we have people on the  ground firing upon an enemy and being fired upon. That is not always  the way modern warfare is conducted and hasn't been for some time.   The fact is that we have our uniformed military personnel who are  engaged in things like midair refueling on combat missions, refueling  the combat aircraft of another country when those combat aircraft are  in route to a battlefield, to a theater of warfare. If those aren't  hostilities, I don't know what is.   We have been told that we need to do this in regular order. Let's  talk about regular order for a minute because, as I mentioned a moment  ago, there is nothing more serious than sending our uniformed military  personnel into hostilities. We have in this body adopted laws and  procedures making it possible for us to receive fast-track  consideration of measures that indicate that the executive branch of  government has overstepped its power.   We are in our third year involved in this civil war in Yemen--3  years--and yet this hasn't come up for a vote; 3 years and we haven't  had anything come out of committee and voted on the Senate floor. Three  years ought to be long enough. In fact, the War Powers Resolution gives  us expedited consideration. It gives the committee 10 days to consider  that. The committee has now had more than twice that time to consider  that, and the committee has not put anything out. This is why we are  well within our rights, well within the boundaries of what is  appropriate, in fact, and well within what the Constitution already  grants us, which is the power to declare war. That power, with good  reason, was not vested in the executive branch of government. It was  vested only in Congress--that branch of government most accountable to  the people at the most regular intervals.    The reason this is so important is that before we send our young  people into a place where they could die, we want to make sure that an  open, honest debate is held in public view, not behind closed doors at  the Pentagon or at some other government office building, but right  here on the Senate floor and in the House of Representatives. We cannot  exercise that power capably, we cannot claim to be mindful, and we  cannot be deemed faithful to our oath to uphold, protect, and defend  the Constitution of the United States if we don't look out for our  authorities and if we don't make sure that someone else isn't  exercising authority that was granted to this body. That authority  belongs not to any one person; it belongs to the people.   If we refuse to take this vote today, if we choose instead to table  this measure rather than to allow it to come up for a vote on the  Senate floor, we are choosing not to decide, and we will still have  made a choice--a choice to abdicate our responsibility. If we make that  decision today, then shame on us. It is our prerogative as a coequal  branch of government to make sure that we do our job, to do that which  only Congress can do.   This is, in fact, a war. There are, in fact, grave humanitarian  concerns presented by that war, and that makes it all the more  important, not less important, for us to debate this and for us to  discuss this under the light of day, in public, and on the Senate  floor.   I urge my colleagues in the strongest terms I am capable of  communicating to vote against the motion to table.   Thank you, Mr. President.   