 Mr. President, today the Senate is voting to confirm  Judge Elizabeth Branch to serve as a U.S. circuit court judge for the  Eleventh Circuit. Judge Branch was favorably reported out of the  Judiciary Committee on a 19-2 bipartisan vote. She has broad bipartisan  support from her home State of Georgia. The American Bar Association  rated Judge Branch as unanimously well-qualified. If the Senate  confirms Judge Branch, as I am confident it will, she will be the  fourth woman confirmed by the Senate to the Federal courts of appeals  in the 115th Congress, three more than the one woman confirmed at this  point in President Obama's first term.   Judge Branch's judicial career and broad range of legal experiences  have well prepared her to serve on the Eleventh Circuit. Judge Branch  was appointed to the Georgia Court of Appeals in 2012. In her time on  the appellate bench, she has participated in over 1,500 cases. Before  joining the bench, Judge Branch spent several years in private  practice. She also served in government, including her role as a top  lawyer for the Department of Homeland Security. Judge Branch received  her B.A. from Davidson College and her J.D. from Emory. After law  school, Judge Branch clerked for Judge Owen Forrester on the U.S.  District Court for the Northern District of Georgia.   As I noted earlier, if confirmed, Judge Branch will become the fourth  female circuit court judge confirmed under President Trump. Her  confirmation puts her in good company, joining a class of first-rate  female jurists and legal scholars. She will join a group that includes:  Seventh Circuit Judge Amy Coney Barrett, a former professor at Notre  Dame University Law School and law clerk to Justice Scalia; Tenth  Circuit Judge Allison Eid, a former Colorado Supreme Court Justice and  law clerk to Justice Thomas; and Sixth Circuit Judge Joan Larsen,  another clerk of Justice Scalia and former Michigan Supreme Court  justice. I am confident that Judge Branch will serve as an excellent  addition to this outstanding class of female circuit court judges.   Judge Branch's impressive background and bipartisan support suggest  that she will be an excellent court of appeals judge. I am pleased to  support her nomination today.   