 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar No. 942;  that the nomination be confirmed; that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements  related to the nomination be printed in the Record; that the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action, and the Senate then  resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 346, S. 526.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; that the Risch  amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 347, S. 791.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 416, S. 2850.    I ask unanimous consent that the Flake amendment at the  desk be agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be considered read a  third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Thursday, July 19; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed. I ask that following leader  remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume  consideration of the Bounds nomination; further, that all time in  recess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count against  postcloture time.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of the Senator from  Delaware.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   