 Mr. President, first of all, let me offer my thanks to  Senator Alexander and Senator Collins, and let me add my support for  what Senator Graham has just indicated in terms of the importance of  this particular amendment to the omnibus bill.   Look, I am a pro-life Republican. By allowing the Hyde amendment to  prevail in this particular case, as it does with all of the other  funding that we send back to the States so that it cannot be used to  fund abortions--and that  [[Page S1908]]  is what this is all about--it allows us to still continue to provide,  with clear consciences, the dollars necessary to provide healthcare for  individuals who otherwise may not get it.   This particular proposal allows for States to, once again, take  charge of part of the healthcare that we want to see delivered at the  local level. By taking section 1332 and expanding what States can do,  we actually provide more local control, which is a conservative  approach. It is also one more opportunity to reduce the impact of what  many of us have said was a mistake with ObamaCare in the first place.   For conservatives, a lot of us campaigned on the fact that we wanted  to repeal and replace ObamaCare. To repeal it and replace it, you have  to have 60 votes here. In this particular case, what we have said is:  Let's take those parts that are the most onerous and those parts that  are adding to the cost of healthcare and take those out, but let's  provide and continue to provide the protections that some people feel  ObamaCare was responsible for, such as guaranteed renewable products,  which were included in South Dakota's law before ObamaCare ever came  along, and the opportunity for everybody to apply for a policy and to  be accepted one way or another.   This particular piece of legislation allows for, perhaps, as many as  3.2 million Americans to actually be able to afford the policies that,  today, they can't afford. I believe Senator Alexander used the example  of someone who is making $60,000 a year and has a bill of $20,000 for  his healthcare. The reality is that that person is not buying  healthcare. So let's allow those folks the opportunity to have a  reduction in the premiums that they otherwise could not afford to pay.   This allows for the States, on a very responsible basis, to do what  Senator Collins, as a former insurance commissioner, understands so  clearly. What we have done with ObamaCare is to force individuals who  have no place else to go into what we call the individual market. When  we force all--or the vast majority--of the individuals who have health  problems into the individual market to get coverage, it artificially  drives up the cost of that individual policy. That individual market  makes up 6 percent of the total number of the people who are covered,  but that 6 percent of the premium going in picks up an unfairly large  number of individuals who have no place else to go to get insurance.  That drives the cost of the premiums up for those individuals and makes  it, in many cases, more costly than they could ever afford.   With a reinsurance provision for the States, it allows for a State to  say: Look, issue the policies, but then allow us to expand the base  over which we spread those losses. Let those States do that. This  worked successfully before ObamaCare was ever a bad dream. This allows  for us to take a larger base of people to share and to spread that  risk. When you do that, you make that market more stable, and you start  to invite carriers to step back into the market. That is what this is  all about.   I am not going to try to assign the intention of our colleagues who  are on the other side of the aisle. I am a pragmatist. I really do  believe that we have some very sincere colleagues on the other side of  the aisle who understand how important this is.   What I would invite is this: I am a conservative Republican. I want  to see this move forward. I think, for the good of the American people,  this is the right move to make. I would ask our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle to consider the good this would do for people across  this entire country and to find a way to work through this process in  such a fashion that they could comfortably come forward and help us to  get this to the finish line.   If we can do this, we will make things better not just for those 3.2  million Americans who would be able to qualify for insurance once again  and be able to pay for it, but we honestly believe--and it is the  Congressional Budget Office that has suggested this--that somewhere  between 20 percent of the premiums they would otherwise pay would  solidly be reduced. In some cases, according to healthcare  professionals in the private market--these are the people who actually  suggest and work with the insurance companies--as much as 40 percent of  that total cost could be reduced.   This is not a partisan issue. This is a matter of trying to actually  make an impact on the lives of real Americans who need our help.  Remember that the American people did not ask for ObamaCare, but they  are the ones who are suffering because of the premium increases that  have been caused by this law in the first place.   What we are trying to do in what is, hopefully, an acceptable fashion  is to find colleagues on the other side of the aisle who will once  again join us in this legislation that they had previously supported-- for them to find a way to step forward--and actually help fix a problem  for real Americans.   Once again, I thank the Senator from Tennessee for all of the hard  work he has done. As a former Governor, he understands that, once in a  while, you reach across the aisle, and you find ways to get things  done. In the Senate, it requires 60 votes to make this happen.   I thank Senator Collins for her work. She is a former insurance  commissioner. She gets it. She understands it.   We want to find the common ground that it takes to actually fix a  problem for the American people. This is not and should not be a  partisan issue--fixing a problem that we all agree exists today.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   