 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bill would strengthen cooperation between financial  institutions and law enforcement to better combat terrorism and  financial crime by providing a narrow safe harbor from BSA/AML--that is  Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering, that is the acronym-- scrutiny of financial institutions that keep a customer account open at  the written request of Federal and State law enforcement.   This cooperation will enable law enforcement agencies to follow the  money in the bank accounts of terrorists, human traffickers, corrupt  officials, and those involved in organized crime.   We support this. This is a commonsense, bipartisan bill, and I urge  support.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Arkansas and the  bipartisan group that came together to make this passage of The Credit  Access and Inclusion Act possible.   Mr. Speaker, let me just ask you, and anyone, a question. If you  could help millions of people get access to an apartment, get a lower- cost loan, a lower phone or utility deposit all without creating a new  government program, without spending any government money, without a  government mandate, and virtually no new tax dollars, would you take  that deal?   I think that is a good deal. This is what we are proposing here. I  know I would take that deal.   Mr. Speaker, I am urging all Members to vote in favor of the passage  of The Credit Access and Inclusion Act, because that is what it would  do simply by saying we are going to use all the data that consumers  rely on now that is not necessarily credit related but does show that  they pay their bills to be included in the construction of that credit  score.   That is why I am proud to be here today, because the passage of this  bipartisan Credit Access and Inclusion Act is going to help Americans  be more successful in this economy. It will reward people who pay their  utility and their phone bills on time, because it is important to note  that when those bills are not paid on time, they are already reported.   People get credit, under this bill, for the bills that they pay on  time, and still are able and in a position to be able to get perhaps  lower interest rates, get lower deposits they have to put down, and be  able to lead more prosperous economic lives.   This bill is about bringing some basic fairness to the credit scoring  system. I mean, credit is currently a currency in our society. It  unlocks access to goods and services hardworking Americans need to  build some economic security for themselves and their families.   But there are currently, Mr. Speaker, 26 million, or at least one in  ten Americans, who do not have a credit record. They are what they call  invisibles. Another 19 million Americans do not have enough information  to score. Low-income individuals and racial and ethnic minorities are  often in the worst shape.   If we want to do something about closing the wealth gap between  different peoples of different backgrounds and really bringing economic  opportunity to all, this is the right bill to take a step.   About one in four Latinos and African Americans either don't have a  credit record or don't have enough of a record to score, and almost  half of the residents of low-income communities do not have a score.   That doesn't mean they don't have needs, Mr. Speaker. That doesn't  mean they don't get phones and they don't pay bills and they don't get  apartments. It just means they tend to pay more for them.   In fact, we have heard the old adage that the poor pay more. It is  expensive to be poor. Those things are true. This bill can make that a  little less true and bring a little bit more happiness and economic  prosperity to people.   This bill allows credit rating agencies to use on-time rent, phone,  and utility payments when determining credit scores. As a result, more  than a third of previously unscoreable Americans will now have access  to prime credit and the opportunities that come with it.   This bill isn't just about access to credit, though. It is about a  little bit more than that. It is also about saving hardworking  Americans real money, thousands of dollars, Mr. Speaker, on their car  loans and on their mortgages, because if you are unscoreable or if your  score is unnecessarily high because that non-loan data is not counted,  you may get the loan, but you will pay more for it.   That is money that could be used to help build a family's wealth,  create some savings, Mr. Speaker, so that when you get into an  emergency, you can use your own money as opposed to going to a payday  lender.   This is a good bill. That is why it has bipartisan support and that  is why I am glad that Congressman French Hill and I were able to work  together on it.   Mr. Speaker, I ask for a favorable vote, and I yield back the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the bill makes clear that the penalties apply to  officers and employees of Federal departments or agencies who willfully  disclose agency records that contain personal identifiable information  pursuant to section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act. These acts are already  illegal, and this bill is a clarification to make sure that these  penalties apply.   This is a commonsense bipartisan bill, and I urge support.  [[Page H5589]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Vargas), a respected, active member of  the Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   