 Mr. President, I want to begin by thanking Senator Nelson,  the senior Senator from our State, for once again raising this on the  floor. I am glad to be able to follow him and to make many of the same  points about the importance of acting on this.   The Presiding Officer is from a State that has been impacted by  storms. He knows that long after the cameras leave and long after the  stories have been written, real people's lives have been disrupted,  sometimes permanently, certainly in ways that we don't think about. We  have come to think about hurricane damage as roofs being ripped off of  buildings and trees in the road, and once those are picked up,  everything is back to normal. What we don't recognize is that  underneath all of that is the long-term damage done to a small business  that went 2 weeks without any sort of income, so they closed.   There is the impact we see in the Florida Keys, where there are a lot  of people, for example, who have used their retirement savings to buy a  small property that they rent out in the Florida Keys. It is very  common. They buy a small townhouse, they rent it out in the winter for  people to stay there, and then they use it in the summer for their  family.   Well, guess what. This winter they are probably not getting a lot of  visitors. In some cases--I know of one in particular--there is all this  debris from the storm that is sitting in the canal. It is not very  attractive for a visitor to come to the Keys and stay in a townhouse  where they can't even go out into the ocean because the canals and the  waterways that take them out have refrigerators floating in them and  have all kind of debris in them. By the way, there is still debris  there from previous storms, almost 15 years--10 years ago.   What does that mean? That means the owner of the unit doesn't have  the rent they were using to pay the mortgage. She might be a teacher or  he might be a firefighter, and now they are not getting the income they  were counting on to make the mortgage, so they potentially could fall  behind and could lose this rental property that they had invested in  for their family. These are not rich people. These are people who had  an investment for the future and had a good business model until the  storm came. That is not measured anywhere, but that is real harm.   The small businesses have been harmed. The Florida Keys, in  particular, is a place that has had lot of small businesses that have  been there for a long time. Some of these places have gone months  without clients. If that person doesn't come and rent out that unit I  just described, that means that person isn't using the fuel from the  local gas station, isn't eating at the local restaurants, and isn't  contributing to the local economy.   To top it off, it is so expensive. Imagine if you are a worker at one  of these buildings making $15 an hour. It is so expensive. They already  had a housing problem, and this has made it worse. So it would be a  mistake to say that the hurricane damage is over, and the effort to  address it ends the minute the trees are removed from the road and the  roofs are tarped and repaired. It goes on for a while.   In the case of this particular storm, Florida was also impacted by  the impact that Maria had on Puerto Rico. As  [[Page S562]]  Senator Nelson just outlined, up to 300,000 American citizens--I say  that because there are still a lot of people wondering, why are we  giving aid to Puerto Rico? Puerto Rico is a U.S. territory, and its  residents are U.S. citizens. There are 300,000 U.S. citizens from  Puerto Rico who have moved to Florida. They enrich our State, but our  schools weren't counting on the kids, so they have to scramble to deal  with that.   Our housing stock--I met with a group of people on Friday. We still  have people living in hotels who have been there for 3 or 4 months.  Even if they wanted to go out and find an apartment, there is nothing  available. There are all sorts of challenges. We have heard stories,  for example, that they have to pay a $75 application fee for each one  of the housing units they apply for, even if they are turned down. Just  figure that out. If someone applies to just three or four of them, that  is a lot of money out of pocket for someone who has already lost  everything in the storm. Florida is facing that as well.   I am disappointed. If someone had told me that we would get to the  last week of January without taking up disaster relief, I would have  been surprised because we had a chance to actually address this at the  end of last year. The House sent over a bill that didn't go far enough.  The Senate had ideas about how to make it better, and then for reasons  involving leverage and using it as a tool to get people to vote for  CRs--short-term spending at the end--it has been held up. That is  unfortunate because these problems are only getting worse, not better,  as time goes on.   Senator Nelson talked about the citrus industry. One of our signature  crops, if not our signature crop, was already being challenged by  citrus greening, which is a terrible disease. Senator Nelson and I went  to some of those groves together, and there are growers who basically  were already hurting. They have lost everything for this year. There is  no money coming in. The fruit is gone. Once that fruit touches the  ground and that ground is wet, you can't sell it. The trees are  damaged. It is not as though we can just buy a new tree at Walmart, and  in 1 year it produces. It has to put it in the ground, and it takes 5  years before it will start to produce. They are hurting, and they are  wondering, should I replant? Is this a good business for me to be in?   Some of these families have been in citrus for three or four or five  generations, and this could be the end, not just the end for them but  the end of Florida citrus. We helped them in the tax bill with the  ability to immediately expense replanting, but that will not be enough.  That is why this package has to include USDA resources to help replace  these lost trees and rehabilitate the groves that were flooded. This is  critical and essential to our food supply.   The Army Corps of Engineers plays a huge role in the State of  Florida. For example, there is the Herbert Hoover Dike, which is a dike  on Lake Okeechobee that would prevent a catastrophic flooding event,  should the lake levels rise too high. We have people living just south  of it, and what happened, almost a century ago, is that people died  because of flooding there. So this dike was built. It has been found to  be and rated among the most vulnerable water infrastructure projects in  the Nation, and we are lucky that it wasn't breached in the storm, but  it could have been, had the rainfall been located at the right place at  the right time. It has been the priority of our delegation for a long  time to expedite the construction of rehabilitation to strengthen that  dike. This is a good opportunity to do that because there will be other  storms. Because the project was delayed when the storm hit, this is a  chance to finish that role.   Other parts that are critical to Florida's economy are beach  renourishment and intracoastal navigation projects. These are hugely  important and not just what makes Florida an attractive place to live;  it is the reason people visit. Some of these beaches were severely  eroded. Particularly in Northeast Florida, there is no beach, and the  water is coming up to the edge of the property lines. If there is no  beach, the hotels and the condominiums that rent out on that beach do  not have visitors. People will not go there unless there is sand on the  beach, and the erosion that happens in a storm like this needs to be  fixed.   Of course, we have all been engaged, and I hope all are committed to  our Everglades restoration projects. The Everglades are some of the  most unique environments on the planet. They happen to be in the United  States and happen to be in our home State. In these Everglades  restoration projects, we want to continue to make progress toward our  goal of saving them.   By the way, the Everglades are a source of water for over 8 million  Floridians. So I hope the disaster funding also addresses all the work  that was destroyed and the damage that happened to a lot of the  restoration projects that were in place.   I will not go deep into education because Senator Nelson has already  addressed that, but suffice it to say we had thousands of students who  were displaced, and we add to that thousands of people from Puerto Rico  whom the school districts welcome but weren't counting on. Now we have  to accommodate classroom space. In many cases, for these children,  although everyone in Puerto Rico learns English and Spanish, their  primary language is Spanish, so we have to get instructors who are able  to bring them to proficiency in English. That is a challenge. All of  that is falling on the State of Florida as well. While Florida welcomes  our fellow Americans from Puerto Rico who are seeking refuge, the costs  need to be accounted for.   We had hospitals that were damaged from the storms, and the repairs  to some of these continue to rise. In some cases, these hospital  repairs resulted in the closure of the hospital for more than a year.   There is a hospital in the Keys that is going to be completely  rebuilt. If you have ever been to the Florida Keys, the distances are  bad, and there is a hospital that is going to have to be completely  rebuilt.   In addition to all of that, we have our healthcare providers in  Florida who provided charitable care, not just to Floridians after the  storm but to displaced Americans from Puerto Rico and from the U.S.  Virgin Islands. They need to be reimbursed for doing that. They didn't  sit back and say: We are not going to do it unless you send us a check.  They did it, and there were real expenses. Then they were also hit by  the storm, and they are dealing with those new expenses.   By the way, one of the things I hope we will do is expedite hiring  authority for medical personnel in HHS because, for years, we have  failed to maintain adequate levels of personnel willing to give a  couple of weeks of their time to aid in a time of disaster. Our medical  teams are depleted, and at this rate we will already have a staffing  shortage by the next hurricane season, which is just a few months away.   NOAA, another Federal agency--the disaster bill needs to fund the  continued removal of the things I have already discussed: marine  debris, lost lobster traps, capsized vessels. There is an environmental  component to it, and there is an economic component to it. If our canal  is full of refrigerators, debris, things that need to be removed, the  water cannot be navigated. The value of all that property is wiped out,  and also what is wiped out is the desire of people to come and visit.  Beyond increasing--or as we call it around here ``plussing up''-- critical FEMA accounts like the Disaster Relief Fund, we should also  include language in the bill to protect counties, cities, towns, and  individual homeowners who received FEMA disaster assistance from the  uncertainty about when the Federal Government may come back in a few  years and claw back that support. In essence, they can come back in a  few years and say: We gave you too much money; give it back to us.   If someone did something wrong, I am not talking about that. I am  talking about a good faith estimate that both sides agreed on, and they  delivered the money, and then 4 years later they show up and say: Hey,  we have looked at it again, and in hindsight we gave you $1,000 more in  the case of an individual or $50,000 or $100,000 more in the case of a  city or a county, and now they have to scramble to pay this back.   So I will continue to work to make sure that FEMA has the resources  it needs to assist for recovery victims for  [[Page S563]]  both short-term and long-term recovery but without this threat of  clawback, and there are ways to do that which will allow us to be  fiscally responsible.   I have already talked about the housing issue in Monroe County in  Southwest Florida. Monroe County is in the Florida Keys, and that is  why it is critical that FEMA has the resources to utilize programs such  as direct relief assistance, which will enable the Federal Government  to lease a property that would not generally be available to the  public, such as corporate lodging, to house survivors, to house people,  as opposed to just giving them a voucher and saying: Go find a hotel.   Here is what happens. They get a hotel in South Dade in Homestead,  and the big rates come in February, and everyone gets kicked out in  February because those rooms were booked a year ago at those rates, and  they have nowhere to go. It is disruptive. If we were able to lease out  an entire long-term corporate housing or lodging facility, these people  would have some certainty to go about their lives while their homes and  their lives are rebuilt. Programs such as Direct Lease assistance  provide the type of flexibility that Florida and, quite frankly, the  whole country needs. We are going to continue to advocate for the  program so we can provide roofs over the heads of displaced Floridians  and Puerto Ricans.    Infrastructure damage throughout Florida is also substantial. In  particular, I was able to go down to the Everglades to Flamingo. It is  a place we have gone often. It is one of the places we leave from to go  fishing with my children. The facilities there were already in bad  shape, to be frank. It looked like something out of one of those 1960s  black-and-white movies they show in schools.   This place was badly hurt. Again, this is Federal property. That is a  national park that belongs to the American people, under the custody of  the Federal Government, and it was wiped out and hurt and destroyed. We  need to help rebuild it. By the way, that includes airports, NASA--the  Kennedy Space Center--which also suffered damages.   I have a couple more points, then I will close.   Housing and Urban Development. On December 14, I introduced the  Disaster Assistance Simplification Act. That prohibits HUD from  penalizing victims of natural disasters who apply but then turn down an  SBA disaster loan. So if you apply for an SBA disaster loan, HUD will  come back and take away your assistance or render you ineligible for  HUD assistance not because you received the HUD loan but because you  applied for it. That should be taken out.   I have worked with colleagues to ensure that this language is  included in the upcoming supplemental because I don't understand how we  can allow unsynchronized and burdensome disaster assistance programs to  make recovery more difficult for someone impacted by a storm. You just  went through a storm. Your business was destroyed. Your home was  destroyed. Your family had to move to another county or another city.  On top of that, you have to agonize over what the Federal Government  may or may not give you. If they gave it to you, you have to agonize  over when they may come back and take it away. We can't further  victimize victims by penalizing victims who do not take assistance. Our  laws are discouraging people from applying for SBA disaster loans.   Again, on that particular point, I am not talking about people who  are double-dipping. I am talking about people who applied for HUD and  SBA. Just the act of applying for that loan means you can't get the HUD  assistance. That is ridiculous.   I will close with Puerto Rico. It doesn't get enough attention, in my  mind. We read about the situation every day. Now the articles are  saying: Can you believe they still don't have electricity in Puerto  Rico? There are a lot of problems that need to be addressed. Puerto  Rico had a lot of problems before the storm.   At end of the day, here is the bottom line. Puerto Rico is a U.S.  territory. It is the responsibility of the United States. These are  American citizens. They are children. They are residents. They wear the  uniform of this country. If you go to Arlington Cemetery, not far from  here, you will see their names after paying the ultimate sacrifice.  They contribute to every area of our lives, whether they choose to live  on the mainland or on the island. Perhaps because it isn't always in  the headlines, a lot of people just don't understand its status, its  importance, and our relationship and obligations.   We have been involved from the very beginning, not just because of  the impact it has had on Florida but because, on a personal level, I  have so many friends and people I care about who live there. If you  live in Florida, you know people who have people they love who live  there.   Right after the storm, I sent three members of my staff, who spent  over a week at their emergency operations center, just trying to act as  a conduit to facilitate between Federal efforts and the efforts of  Puerto Rico's government, but the work that remains is extraordinary.   I talk about the people who are still displaced. We have seen the  story of people losing their housing vouchers who were staying in a  hotel. People say: We just heard from the government in Puerto Rico  that your home is habitable so you are done. Check out tomorrow  afternoon. They have nowhere to go. If they have family, maybe, but if  they don't, where do they go that night? It is a problem. We have seen  that happen in Connecticut and fear it could happen in other places.   On the disaster relief, we think recovering is not just about putting  up light posts. We think it is about helping the economy grow, about  attracting business and investment back, and about helping people who  want to stay to be able to stay.   We have a number of provisions we hope will be included. One is a  temporary payroll tax deduction so whatever it is you get paid, you get  to keep more of it. It would be temporary for a year, but at least it  is a way of giving people a raise without being a burden on businesses.   We would also like to see a temporary expansion of the child tax  credit. Because of a quirk in the law, people who file taxes from  Puerto Rico are not eligible for it at its full value the way someone  on the mainland would be. Again, all they have to do is move to  Florida, and they can do it.   These are U.S. citizens. If they can fight in our Armed Forces, if  they pledge allegiance to our flag, if they are citizens of our Nation,  why should they not be entitled to the same tax versions there that  they would be if they were living on the mainland?   We also need to deal with, as Senator Nelson talked about, the  Medicaid cliff. Because of the healthcare law that passed a number of  years ago, the funding mechanism that was created places them in a  position where soon they will run out of money in their Medicaid  Program. Ultimately, what will happen is, people who need these  services will move to Florida or some other State, and then they will  sign up for Medicaid in the States and get what they couldn't get in  Puerto Rico. It will actually cost more. If money is what you are  worried about, it will cost more in the long run not to do it than to  do it.    I also think we need to increase funding for energy grid technical  assistance from the Department of Energy. On that note, I would say, we  are getting reports that they are being forced to rebuild using the  exact same equipment that was there before the storm. Some of this  equipment is so old, it isn't even manufactured anymore. They don't  make it anymore. They had to retrofit and make things up.   If we are going to rebuild or help rebuild the grid in Puerto Rico,  shouldn't they be able to put in something that is modern as opposed to  rebuilding the old stuff? That makes no sense. It will actually make  the system more resilient.   A lot of these proposals may meet with resistance, but they all make  sense. We can justify every single one of them. I hope we will pursue  them. I worked very closely with Resident Commissioner Jenniffer  Gonzalez on these efforts. I am grateful for her strong advocacy and  the support of so many of my colleagues on behalf of our fellow  Americans in Puerto Rico.   I close by asking our colleagues this. I know we have the policy work  this week. The Democrats and Republicans  [[Page S564]]  are doing their thing. I know we have funding issues a week from this  Friday that we have to address. I know immigration is an important  issue that we need to confront, but do not forget about disaster  relief. We have to get it done for the people out west in California,  the people in Texas, the people of Florida, the people of Puerto Rico,  and for our fellow Americans who were hurt by the hurricanes this  season and the fires of 2017.   I yield the floor.   