 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Waters for her  leadership on the floor on this issue.   I rise in opposition to S.J. Res. 57 because it erases measures  established a half-decade ago to prevent auto dealers from using  discriminatory data tactics.   I also rise because it signals the majority's intention to contort  the Congressional Review Act to allow it to be used on a dramatically  increased scale in ways never intended.   Let me start with the policy.   When auto dealers provide financing through a third-party lender,  they can increase the rate offered to the consumer and pocket the  difference. Evidence suggests these dealer markups are frequently  higher for minority borrowers than for similarly qualified White  borrowers.  [[Page H3819]]    In 2013, the CFPB sought to address this problem. The agency produced  guidance that clarified the fair lending requirements of the Equal  Credit Opportunity Act applied to auto loans. The CFPB's action simply  spelled out that dealer markups were indeed illegal if they led to  discriminatory outcomes, intentional or otherwise.   It also listed some useful steps that auto dealers could take to  ensure fair lending compliance. In recent years, the CFPB has fined  auto dealers more than $150 million for discriminating against minority  borrowers.   A resolution of disapproval is not the way to change policy in this  area. Instead, we should be going through regular order with public  hearings, committee consideration, and amendments to achieve a  bipartisan compromise, not just throwing out words like ``junk  science.'' We can settle that in regular order through a process.   In bringing this resolution to the floor, the majority is setting a  dangerous new standard for the use of the Congressional Review Act,  which only grants Congress the power to rescind regulations within a  60-legislative-day window. The CFPB guidance on auto lending was  established in 2013, well outside the CRA's window.   Make no mistake: Using the CRA to repeal guidance from more than 5  years ago is an unprecedented expansion of the law's scope, and it will  imperil thousands of Federal decisions going back decades. Let's not  make it easier for minority car buyers to be exploited and  discriminated against. Let's not open the door to an even more extreme  and unprecedented use of the CRA.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against S.J. Res. 57.   