 Mr. Speaker, once again I rise as a person who  loves this country. Mr. Speaker, I rise as a person who refuses to go  along to get along. I rise as a person who will speak truth to power  and truth about power.   I rise today, Mr. Speaker, because in our country, our children are  being murdered in schools. Our children are prognosticating that  eventually it will come to the school that they happen to attend. Our  children are concerned about their safety in what should be one of the  safest places for them on Earth: the schools that they attend.   I rise, Mr. Speaker, because there are parents who have sent their  children to school and never have had them to come home again. I rise  because these parents are suffering, because our Nation is suffering.  There is great pain within the population.  [[Page H4290]]    People of goodwill understand that we must do more than have moments  of silence, words of prayer, expressions of condolences. People expect  those of us who have been elected to the Congress of the United States  of America to do what they sent us here to do, that is, have  legislation brought to the floor, allow for some debate, and then take  a vote. It is expected that we would vote on the legislation that is  pending.   We have more than 100 pieces of legislation dealing with gun safety  pending before the House, and it is not being acted upon.   I rise to ask, Mr. Speaker, that you bring this legislation to the  floor of the House of Representatives so that the people can express  their voices, can express their concerns, can take their positions by  and through their legitimately elected Representatives. It is time, Mr.  Speaker, for you to act, for you to bring the legislation to the floor  so that we may vote on it.   If there is someone who truly believes that the solution to this  violence, to this killing, to these murders, if there is someone who  believes that the solution is a good guy with a gun, put that solution  into legislation, Mr. Speaker, and let's vote on whether the solution  is a good guy with a gun.   Mr. Speaker, I will not go along to get along.   Mr. Speaker, you have indicated that you won't be returning to  Congress. Well, Mr. Speaker, if you are not going to do your job, if  you are not going to brin legislation to the floor--by the way, all of  it, not Democratic legislation, not Republican legislation. This is not  about Democrats; it is not about Republicans. This is about our  children, who are being murdered in schools.    If you are not going to bring that legislation to the floor, you  ought to just step aside. This is bigger than you. It is bigger than  all of us. It is about our children and how they are being murdered in  schools. It is time to take the courage that has been embedded within  your soul and your constitution and bring that legislation to the  floor.   Mr. Speaker, I speak truth to power. I speak truth about power. There  is a problem. Mr. Speaker, you are the problem.    Mr. Speaker, I am amazed at what I am hearing  today, because I was there, and I understand that at the time we  entered the financial crisis, the banks were not lending to each other.   There are many aspects of this to focus on, but today I will simply  focus on the $163 billion that the banks made last year. A better name  for this bill would be ``Too Much Is Not Enough.'' $163 billion, but  that is not enough.   The banks would have us now eliminate the Volcker rule, which  prevents the banks from using the money on the consumer side, taking  that money and moving it over to the investment side, and go to Wall  Street and gamble. If they win, they keep the profits; if they lose,  they can socialize the losses.   This bill is not a bill that benefits consumers. It is a Big Bank  bonanza. Too much is not enough, and too much is too much for me. I  will vote against it.   