 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for  yielding me this time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise, first, in opposition to the rule. I think the  gentleman from Massachusetts is correct. Here we are in the waning days  of this session of Congress, and we can't produce a rule that  specifically focused on the farm bill. They had to include, in the late  hours of last night, language that affects our policy as it relates to  Yemen.   I commend my colleague from Massachusetts for his efforts to try to  strip section 2 out of the title of this rule, so we could have a rule  that specifically addresses the farm bill. It wasn't done. We should go  back and make sure that it is and allow that policy to develop in the  debate that we need on the House floor.   Mr. Speaker, I am a representative of one of the largest agriculture  producing districts in the Nation, my rural western Wisconsin district.  I own a farm myself. We rotate corn and beans. We have some beef cattle  in from time to time. No one appreciates the hard work that our family  farmers are going through to stay in business today more than I.   This past year, I had countless meetings with family farmers  throughout my State. I have never seen the palpable fear in their eyes  or heard it in their voices than we have this last year after dealing  with multiple years of low commodity prices. Our family farmers are  being driven out of the business in droves right now.   I appreciate, having been involved in farm policy in the past--and  mind you, we only have a chance to correct farm policy every 5 or 6  years in this place--how difficult it is to put together a coalition to  get a farm bill done.   There are many things in this bill that are commendable. As co-chair  of the House Organic Caucus, we have perhaps the strongest organic  title of any farm bill ever produced. We have good agriculture research  programs in this farm bill, a plus-up in funding for rural broadband  expansion, a new beginning farmer program, and the nutrition title was  protected after what was initially reported out of the House earlier  this year.   But I reluctantly stand today in opposition of the overall bill  because it is not addressing the two evils that are driving our family  farmers out of business today: overproduction and the trade war that  President Trump has created.   In fact, they are doubling down on encouraging policy that will lead  to more production, which will flood the market and drive commodity  prices down even more, by expanding the title 1 subsidy programs.   These are taxpayer subsidies that primarily go to a few, but very  large, agribusinesses. Mr. Speaker, 80 percent of the title 1 subsidies  are going to the 20 percent largest farm operations in the country.   The average person back home would be astounded to see how many  subsidy checks are being mailed to addresses in Washington, D.C., New  York City, Chicago, and San Francisco. Under this bill, they are even  expanding those subsidy opportunities by what is called a multiple  entity rule that was, again, included in the final conference report.   That means no longer just husbands and wives will qualify for  subsidies operating on the farm, but sons and daughters, uncles and  aunts, nieces and nephews, and cousins will be able to qualify now for  these subsidy programs. Not only will that encourage, again, these  large operations to ramp up production, driving prices down, but it is  not fiscally responsible.    Mr. Speaker, we are in an era now of huge budget deficits,  yet we are finding an additional $1 billion under the title 1 subsidy  programs, primarily by taking it out of the conservation fund by  reducing funding under the Conservation Stewardship Program from $1.8  billion to $1 billion. That will jeopardize quality water programs  throughout our Nation.   So, unfortunately, this bill is not going to solve the problem, the  crisis that our farmers are facing today, which is driving them out of  business in record numbers: the overproduction in agriculture in our  country and this trade war.    I think we should take a little bit more time and get the policy  right, because we won't have another opportunity for another 5 or 6  years, and that is going to be too late for too many of our family  farmers.   