 Mr. President, first, I want to thank my colleague and my  friend, Mr. Flake, the Senator from Arizona, for joining me today in  calling for action on a balanced bipartisan bill to uphold the rule of  law, to avoid a constitutional crisis, and to secure the ongoing  position of Special Counsel Robert Mueller, as he moves to complete his  investigation.   This is a critical moment. Just a week ago today, President Trump  forced the resignation of his Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, and  effectively stripped Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein of his  authority to supervise the ongoing investigation by Robert Mueller--an  investigation which, I will remind you, just the same day he forced  Attorney General Sessions' resignation, the President attacked publicly  as a hoax and a witch hunt.   Let's take a step back to remember the bigger picture here. Robert  Mueller--a career Federal law enforcement leader, a decorated combat  veteran, a lifelong Republican--is leading an investigation into a  foreign adversary's attack on our last election.   This isn't about relitigating that election. It isn't about partisan  politics. It is about protecting our democracy. As my colleague Senator  Flake said, it is about protecting what defines us as a democracy. Yet  our President is now in a position easily to interfere with or even end  the Mueller investigation. Compounding that threat is the person who  has been appointed as the Acting Attorney General, Matthew Whitaker.   I have separate concerns about Mr. Whitaker's novel legal theories  well outside the mainstream, about whether his experience makes him an  appropriate person to be Acting Attorney General, whether his  appointment is consistent with the Constitution and Federal law, but I  will leave those concerns for another day. At the moment, I think Mr.  Whitaker's comments about the Mueller investigation made a year ago  make him a clear and present danger to the independence of the special  counsel.   In an editorial last year, Mr. Whitaker argued that Mueller is  ``dangerously close to crossing'' a redline, following reports saying  he was looking into the President's finances. He said that without any  examination of the facts or evidence. He said that if the investigation  goes too far, then--and he openly pondered ways--an Attorney General  could reduce special counsel Mueller's budget ``so low that his  investigation grinds almost to a halt.''   For these reasons and others, I think Mr. Whitaker should recuse  himself from overseeing the Mueller investigation, and we cannot wait  for that action. We have asked our colleagues today to take a simple  yet critical step to protect the special counsel and future special  counsels in future administrations by supporting the bipartisan Special  Counsel Independence and Integrity Act. This is a bill crafted by  Senator Graham, Senator Booker, myself, Senator Tillis--a bipartisan  bill that, with the support of Senator Flake and the Chairman, Senator  Grassley, passed the Judiciary Committee in April by a strong  bipartisan margin of 14 to 7. We had a hearing. We had a markup. We had  a vote. It is ready for committee action.   While I appreciate repeated assurances by the majority leader and  many other Senators of the other party that it is not needed because  they are confident the President will take no inappropriate action to  interfere with the ongoing investigation, why would we not take this  simple preventive measure? Given the President's repeated actions,  given his repeated statements about the Mueller investigation, why pose  this risk when a simple vote on the floor of the Senate could move this  toward enactment?   Let me be clear about what the bill does. It says that if the special  counsel is removed, counsel has the opportunity to challenge the  removal in court. A panel of three Federal judges would have 2 weeks to  hear and determine whether the removal was based on good cause. If the  panel doesn't find good cause, the counsel would be reinstated. It  preserves staffing, documents, and materials of the investigation while  that matter is pending for that brief period.   The bottom line is this. The special counsel legislation we are  urging today protects the integrity of this special counsel and future  special counsels, something that Members of this body of both parties  have repeatedly and publicly said we value. It strengthens the rule of  law. It strengthens the principle that no one is above the law, and it  ensures that we are not back on this floor trying to unravel an  emerging constitutional crisis should the President precipitously act  or should Matthew Whitaker precipitously act to impede Special Counsel  Mueller's ongoing investigation.   Let me close today by asking my colleagues who are listening to  consider the fundamental principles that form the basis of our  democracy--free and fair elections, respect for the rule of law, strong  independent institutions that deliver justice impartially and  transparently.   It is because of these principles, enshrined in our founding  documents, that the United States has grown from a fledgling  experiment--at that time on the very fringes of world civilization--to  a strong, vibrant, and inclusive nation that is a beacon for the world  and the most sustained and greatest democracy in the history of the  world.   We cannot take these principles and we cannot take the institutions  of our democracy for granted. They don't protect themselves. Every now  and then, when founding principles are threatened, we have to demand  elected officials put aside disagreements and come together to defend  them. This is one such moment.  [[Page S6946]]    I am grateful to my colleague from Arizona for his statement and his  leadership today. I am confident that if given the opportunity to come  for a vote, this bill would get at least 60 votes, having spoken to  colleagues on both sides of the aisle yesterday and today. I am puzzled  as to why there are leaders in this body who continue to have great  confidence given the President's statements and actions.   I think the time for action has long since passed. We should have  taken that action today. I will continue to work tirelessly with my  colleague from Arizona until we secure passage of this bill.   With that, I yield the floor to my colleague and cosponsor, the  Senator from New Jersey.    Mr. President, I will just conclude by saying that I could  not agree more with the comments of the Senator from Arizona, my friend  and colleague.   There come moments when we should step up and defend the prerogatives  and  [[Page S6947]]  the role of this body. This is one of them. I understand it may annoy,  it may displease the President for there to be a speed bump put in the  way of interference with the special counsel. But this isn't just about  the current special counsel; this is about taking Department of Justice  regulations and making them statute. This is about providing a small  modicum of protection for the groundless removal of a special counsel.   This is something that, as my colleague has said, deserves prompt  attention on the floor. We have a few weeks between now and the end of  this Congress, time when we could be taking up and confirming nominees,  time when we could be taking up and moving other pieces of legislation,  but you have heard a very clear position by my colleague that we won't  be moving forward nominees in the Judiciary Committee, and if just one  more colleague joins him, we might well begin to prevent nominations  from moving on the floor as well. To what end? Simply to get a vote on  the floor. Simply to get an opportunity to be heard and for there to be  a vote taken on this important piece of bipartisan legislation.   I am grateful to my colleague for his work on this and for his stand  today, and I look forward to continuing to work tirelessly with him on  it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   