 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, all postcloture time be considered expired  at 1:45 p.m. today.    Mr. President, I come to the floor of the Senate today  to express myself on Judge Brett Kavanaugh, who has been named by  President Trump to the Supreme Court of the United States, subject to  the confirmation of the U.S. Senate.   Probably the most serious responsibility all of us have is the  confirmation of those who are appointed to lifetime appointments in the  judiciary and certain other high places in our government. It is a  responsibility that should be treasured, respected, and never abused or  never trivialized.   President Trump has done what every President has done in the past:  He has nominated the best available--Brett Kavanaugh, who stands before  this Senate today. There is no better person for the job on the U.S.  Supreme Court.   Brett Kavanaugh is the real deal. He is the real deal, and he went to  Yale. That doesn't make him great. I think the University of Georgia is  great, myself. But the Yankees have been bragging about Yale, so we  always say nice things about them. He is very smart. He graduated cum  laude from Yale.   He has trained so many young lawyers in his career, it is not even  funny. He has had so many clerk with him. He has written so much that  has been copied by other courts and adopted as a part of law; it is a  great testimony to his ability and his intellect.   He served several years as a partner at Kirkland & Ellis, a private  firm. He served as a clerk at the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit.  He has been a teacher and today teaches at Harvard University in the  Samuel Williston lecture series and was nominated by Elena Kagan, a  member of the U.S. Supreme Court.   He is the real deal in a lot of ways, and I want to take a minute to  share why I am going to vote for him. I want somebody on the Supreme  Court who understands me--an average American, somebody who has a  family, two kids, works for a living, loves their country, and would do  the right thing and will not do it for any other reason than to do the  right thing.   My motto in life has always been Mark Twain's quote: When confronted  with a difficult decision, do what is right. You will surprise a few,  but you will amaze the rest. Doing the right thing is the right thing  to do every time, but it is the hardest thing to at do almost any time.  In fact, as my father used to say: Son, do what you want to do when  nobody is looking, and when nobody is looking, do the same thing you do  when they are looking because you always want to do the right thing  regardless of the question and regardless of what answer you have to  give.   The Supreme Court is a tremendous responsibility in our government.  It is one-third of our government. We have a three-legged school of  government: the bureaucracy--we are in the legislative branch; the  executive branch, which the President runs; but the Supreme Court is  the ultimate arbiter. I want a level-headed person who understands me  making those decisions.   I think the following qualifies as a level-headed person: More than a  dozen times, his opinions have been endorsed by the U.S. Supreme Court.  His 100 most cited opinions have been cited by more than 210 judges  across the country. More than 50 circuit court opinions discuss or cite  one of his concurrences or dissents. Of his 48 clerks, 39 have gone on  to clerk for the Supreme Court of the United States. One of his clerks,  Britt Grant from Georgia, was confirmed last week by this U.S. Senate  to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals. That is a pretty high  testament to a man of his youth and a man of his experience.   He has two beautiful children, a lovely wife, and is a committed  family man. But let me tell you what makes him special: He is not  pretentious. My first meeting with him was an odd meeting. It was a  rare meeting. It was on the first floor outside of the elevators coming  to this Chamber. I had just come in from the rain. I was standing  there, trying to get myself halfway dried off, and there came a slew of  police. I figured the President was coming. You know, they always run  us out of there. The cops came in, and the dogs came in--and everybody  else. All of a sudden, there was a guy; at first, I didn't recognize  him. Then I realized, with all the press trying to get up close to him,  he must be somebody really important. He wasn't us; he was Brett  Kavanaugh.   He saw me. He stopped, came over, and said: Johnny, how are you  doing? That impressed me a lot. Of course, I know he had been back  there studying, just like the pages, so you can remember who we are, so  you can say our name, and it is a good thing to do. He talked to me as  though I was his long-lost friend. He stopped, and we talked for 4 or 5  minutes.   Two days later, when we came to my office and we talked again, we  talked about family, we talked about food, we talked about fun, we  talked about the United States of America, and we talked about the  greatness and potential of our country and its future. We talked about  everything we loved about it and what we would do to protect it, save  it, and how we both felt honored to be in the positions we were in.   Toward the end of the conversation, I said: Now, one thing about it,  Mr. Kavanaugh, I understand you had a little issue with buying season  tickets to the baseball games. In fact, the first thing Democrats came  up with is that he makes too much money or he has too much money  because he bought season tickets and used his credit card. I don't  think that is a dumb idea. I think that is a compliment--a guy who  loves baseball, loves politics, and loves America. It doesn't get any  better than that.   So I am going to vote for Brett Kavanaugh to confirm him to the U.S.  Supreme Court because he is a regular guy, he is a brilliant man, he  cares about his country deeply, he believes in this country, and he  feels a responsibility that he wants to assume at this time in life. I  can't think of any better reasons to vote for him.   I am going to vote for him with pride, and I urge all my fellow  Senators in the U.S. Senate to join me as well.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   