 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the  ranking member so much for their support in this and bringing this  forward.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5626, the Intercountry  Adoption Information Act. I introduced this legislation to make it  easier for American families to get crucial information as they pursue  adoptions from foreign countries.   American families hoping to adopt from a foreign country can face  many obstacles on the road to being united with their adoptive  children. Too often, these challenges require parents to navigate  confusing and complicated foreign adoption policies.   The chairman did a great job explaining why this is opening up, why  we are providing transparency, and also providing a great basis for  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, many times we come to this floor and we talk about the  mechanics of a bill, but I want to talk about what I call the faces  behind the bill.   For this, for me, I have watched northeast Georgians from my  district, like the Romano family, struggle under shifting adoption  policies and changing international standards.   In 2012, Pam and Mark Romano traveled to Russia to adopt a young boy  named Bogdon, a decision they reached after much prayer and family  discussion. While there, the Romanos discovered that Bogdon had a  brother, Yura, although the boys were living separately. The family  immediately felt a calling to welcome both boys into their home and  began the process of adopting Yura as well.   Sadly, Russia then instituted a ban on adoptions to the United  States, halting these adoption proceedings. This left the Romanos  devastated. They worked to be reunited with their sons, but they needed  concrete information about how to do that and what was happening in  Russia, as well as diplomatically.   Since that time, Pam Romano has refused to give up on welcoming their  2 boys into her family. She is fighting to bring her sons home, and the  boys' room is furnished and ready for their arrival. Pam and her family  have been tireless advocates for not only Bogdon and Yura, but also for  families across the country who are facing similar trials.   I hope that this will be a wonderful time to bring this up, in light  of the meeting this week with the President and Mr. Putin. To bring  this issue up would be a great time to remind that we can work together  on some things.   Today, American families like the Romanos still need more accurate,  up-to-date information as they labor to bring their adoptive children  into loving homes. Changing foreign practices can leave adoptive  parents mystified and desperately seeking answers as they pursue  intercountry adoptions in different countries.   The Intercountry Adoption Information Act takes steps to shrink this  information gap. It ensures families in the intercountry adoption  process are equipped with a more thorough outlook on the status of  intercountry adoptions in specific countries and on the State  Department's actions to resume these adoptions currently stalled.   Again, I would like to thank Chairman Royce and the ranking member of  the Foreign Affairs Committee for their support in moving this bill  forward, and also my partners in this, Representatives Lawrence,  Fitzpatrick, Lamborn, Cicilline, Langevin, Wilson, and Yoho, for being  cosponsors of this bill and to highlight their advocacy on behalf of  these loving families and innocent children.   The Romanos brought this to my attention, but it is not left there. I  would also like to thank my staff, Erica Barker, who has not let this  issue go and has brought it to my attention constantly in moving this  bill forward.   I urge my colleagues to join me in working for American families so  that we can benefit and see the benefits of our Intercountry Adoption  Information Act.   