 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan  legislation incorporating 29 bills originated and passed in this House  to ease the regulatory burden on community financial institutions and  their customers. This is the most progrowth financial legislation in a  generation, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   The 2010 financial control law, commonly known as Dodd-Frank, was  supposed to protect consumers. Instead, this 2,300-page monstrosity  unleashed an avalanche of huge new compliance costs on community  financial institutions that had absolutely nothing to do with the  financial crisis. This hurt consumers by forcing small banks and credit  unions to cut back on the products and services they serve their  customers with.   Critics who say this is about Wall Street are wrong. This is not  about Wall Street. This is about community banks, community banks in  eastern Kentucky who told me that they used to make a business judgment  about the creditworthiness of a farmer and now the government, a  bureaucrat, decides whether or not that farmer gets a loan. One  prominent example of this is the ability-to-repay rule, which made it  needlessly difficult for lenders to originate mortgages for  creditworthy borrowers.   The Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act, which I have worked on  since I entered Congress, is included in today's package of reforms and  would expand access to mortgage credit by extending the qualified  mortgage safe harbor to small creditors who hold  [[Page H4345]]  their residential mortgage loans in portfolio rather than selling or  securitizing them, allowing those lenders to satisfy the rule. This  marks a return to relationship banking, where lenders can tailor  products to meet the specific needs of customers without running afoul  of government one-size-fits-all requirements. The result is expanded  access to mortgage credit without additional risk to the financial  system or the taxpayer.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Hensarling and Chairman Crapo  for including this bill in the final legislation, and I want to thank  the Kentucky Bankers Association, the Kentucky Credit Union League, and  their customers for advocating and endorsing this solution.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes'' to finally  unclog the plumbing of our economy and give Americans full access to  the financial system.   