 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from  Virginia, our chairman, for his leadership on, quite frankly, two of  the most important issues that we face as a nation: number one, border  security, which is national security; and then our national debt which  if we ever--and we don't know when--but when it happens, it will be  awfully hard to put it all back together, but a sovereign debt crisis  would be devastating and would be our greatest national security  threat. So I want to thank him for his leadership.   Mr. Speaker, our great country is currently over $21 trillion in  debt, and if we don't address this looming crisis, our children will  not inherit the exceptional Nation that we as Americans have known for  generations. This is the most important issue, I think, of our day.  This is my generation's greatest challenge.   One of the main reasons the American people are so frustrated and  have lost confidence in Congress is because we play by a different set  of rules. Nowhere is that disconnect more prominently on display than  how we fund our government. No one gets to spend money they don't have  on things they don't need. No one has a money tree growing in their  backyard except, apparently, the United States Treasury.   A day of reckoning is coming, and once the sovereign debt crisis  begins, we won't be able to stop it, and the dark days of high taxes  and high unemployment will descend upon the next generation of  Americans.   History has proven a few things, and one of them is that Congress  will only limit its appetite for spending and responsibly manage its  fiscal affairs when forced to do so. So the only solution that I see to  this potentially devastating problem is to force Congress to do what it  collectively doesn't have the will to do.   That is why I support a balanced budget amendment that requires  Congress to--get this--not spend more money than it receives, not to  spend more money than it gets in revenue.   The American people have to prioritize to live within their means,  Mr. Speaker, and their government ought to do the same.   