 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding.   I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their support of  this important bipartisan legislation, and especially the lead  Democratic cosponsor, Representative Jim Himes from Connecticut.   The Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act is a  commonsense reform bill that will help to ensure that community banks,  many of which have histories stretching back generations, can continue  to serve the needs of Main Street businesses and families.   Specifically, this bill focuses on Federal savings associations, also  known as thrifts. These institutions are similar to national banks in  the sense that they are both chartered and regulated by the Office of  the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC.   But these banks are constrained in their ability to pursue certain  lines of business under the Home Owners' Loan Act, also known as HOLA.  Specifically, HOLA subjects Federal thrifts to commercial lending  limits.   Under what is known as the qualified thrift lender test, at least 65  percent of a Federal thrift's portfolio assets must comprise certain  mortgage and consumer-related assets. These institutions are also  constrained in their ability to hold commercial loans, paper, or  corporate debt. In contrast, national banks enjoy the ability to engage  in a much wider range of lending activities.  [[Page H647]]    These restrictions originally made sense because thrifts also enjoyed  advantages not afforded to national banks. But changes in law have  eliminated or curtailed many of those benefits, and some thrifts have  expressed frustration that these restrictions prevent them from being  able to meet the changing needs of their local communities.  Unfortunately, thrifts have not been immune to the industrywide trend  of consolidations and closures that has accelerated over the last  decade.   The Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act provides  these banks with additional flexibility to adjust to changing times and  continue to serve their communities, despite these persistent  headwinds.   Under current law, the only option available to Federal savings  associations is a costly and complicated conversion to a national bank  charter. This is a particularly burdensome process for mutually  chartered Federal thrifts since it requires that they first convert to  stock form before converting their charter.   The Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act provides  another, less disruptive option. Under my bill, Federal thrifts will  have the ability to pursue a path that will allow them to operate with  the same rights and duties as a national bank. But these banks will  not have to go through the costly and cumbersome process of converting  to stock form and then rechartering. Instead, the bill sets up a simple  60-day election process that will allow these institutions to become  covered savings associations.    It will also require the OCC, which has been supportive of this  legislation and has responsibility for regulating Federal savings  associations and national banks, to establish an orderly and  streamlined transition process.   This bill also includes important safeguards to prevent potential  fire sales of assets and subsidiaries during the transition process,  and it protects the OCC's ability to prevent firms from abusing the new  structure.   Altogether, this effort will help to ensure that time-tested  community financial institutions will continue to be able to serve  their customers for years to come.   The Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act has the  support of the American Bankers Association and the Independent  Community Bankers of America. It is also bipartisan, and it passed the  Financial Services Committee with a 55-0 vote. Similar language has  been included in the bipartisan Senate Banking Committee package, also.   In short, this bill represents the sort of reasonable, commonsense,  across-the-aisle reform that our constituents want to see.   I want to briefly share some comments from the Pennsylvania Bankers  Association, which represents a wide range of banks in the Commonwealth  of Pennsylvania. In their letter of support for this bill, they wrote:  ``. . . this legislation represents sound, sensible regulatory  relief.''   They also added that ``Federal savings associations are known for  being responsive to their communities' needs, and this legislation will  help them to expand and continue to do so.''   I ask that my colleagues support H.R. 1426, the Federal Savings  Association Charter Flexibility Act.   