 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to express my strong opposition to  the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to replace Justice Anthony  Kennedy as an Associate Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court.   I opposed Judge Kavanaugh's nomination to his current seat on the DC  Circuit because I had serious concerns about his partisan history,  expansive view of Presidential power, and his lack of candor about his  work in the Bush White House during his testimony before the Senate  Judiciary Committee. Judge Kavanaugh's work on the DC Circuit  demonstrated that I was right to be concerned about his view that the  President is above the law. I intend to discuss his jurisprudence in a  moment, but first it is necessary to list just how many ways in which  this process has revealed that Judge Kavanaugh lacks the temperament to  serve as a Justice of the Supreme Court.   He began this process by continuing to stonewall, and perhaps even  mislead, Senators about his career as a political operative and  partisan lawyer in the Bush Administration. He dissembled when asked  basic questions about his approach to the law--a tactic we have come to  expect from nominees who have been selected and vetted by far-right  interest groups. Yet when Dr. Christine Blasey Ford, Deborah Ramirez,  and others came forward with serious and credible allegations of sexual  assault against him, this body saw the real Judge Kavanaugh. He emerged  at his second hearing combative, blatantly partisan, disrespectful,  evasive, and in no way reassuring that he has told the truth to this  body and the American people. I will discuss these in turn, but the  bottom line is this: Judge Kavanaugh is unqualified for a seat on the  Supreme Court because he lacks the basic qualities and judgment for a  position that could affect Americans' everyday lives for generations to  come.   The American people are watching this debate with serious, real-world  concerns about what a Justice Kavanaugh would mean for them. They are  worried that they could wake up someday soon to news that a  conservative 5-to-4 majority on the Court has stripped them of their  health insurance, abolished their right to privacy and control over  their reproductive health, or revoked their right to marry whomever  they choose. They see inequality of historic proportions--with the top  1 percent now earning more than the bottom 50 percent combined,  according to the World Inequality Report--and a Supreme Court that  continues to overturn laws that were enacted to prevent corporations  and  [[Page S6663]]  wealthy individuals from using their money to rig the political system.   It is abundantly clear, given Judge Kavanaugh's selection by special  interest groups and the mad rush to confirm him at all costs, that  powerful interests are counting on him to further these trends, which  point to a future in which political power will be directly tied to  wealth and status. Worse yet, given that we still don't know the whole  truth about the allegations against Judge Kavanaugh, continuing this  rush to place him on the Court sends a terrible message to survivors of  sexual assault that accountability for these crimes depends on the  extent to which the accused person serves the interests of the  powerful.   The American people deserve better when it comes to this body's  obligation to advise and consent on the next Supreme Court Justice, and  the majority has failed in that obligation time and again in the course  of this confirmation process.   When my Democratic colleagues and I expressed concerns about whether  a President under such serious criminal investigations should appoint-- prior to seeing the investigative process thorough and completed to the  end--a Supreme Court Justice who likely could be called to rule on  critical matters in a case against the President and his campaign, the  majority ignored us.   When we demanded that Judge Kavanaugh's hearing follow the standard  practice for Supreme Court nominees--providing Senators and the public  alike with access to the nominee's full record of public service  through appropriate document disclosures from the National Archives-- the majority fast-tracked Judge Kavanaugh's hearing before the National  Archives could process the records from his work in the Bush White  House. In place of the appropriate process, the majority enlisted a  private Republican lawyer to curate a small subset of records for  Senators to review, and even that subset was subject to an assertion of  ``committee confidentiality,'' meaning Senators were barred from  sharing anything with the public that they may have learned about Judge  Kavanaugh. Thousands more records were withheld under a dubious  assertion of executive privilege. Even given the small number of  Republican-selected records that had been made available to this body,  my Democratic colleagues on the Judiciary Committee uncovered troubling  inconsistencies that called into question whether Judge Kavanaugh had  been truthful in his Senate testimony.   No other nominee for the Supreme Court would get away with this. Why  is the majority giving this free pass to Judge Kavanaugh? Why does he  deserve to shield his record when no other member of the Supreme Court  received such treatment? Why must his documents--records of taxpayer- funded public service--be controlled by a private Republican attorney  instead of the National Archives like they are for every other man and  woman who currently sits on the Supreme Court? Just what is it about  Judge Kavanaugh that has rendered stalwart defenders of the Senate's  power to review nominees, including those on the Judiciary Committee,  to have such a profound about-face?   No one is entitled to a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court.  Yet the majority has treated this job like the personal property of  Judge Kavanaugh ever since the President announced his nomination.   My Republican colleagues have said a great deal about the importance  of preserving a fair process for the consideration of the Supreme Court  nominees. Some of these arguments are simply outrageous. In the recent  past, Democrats and the majority worked on a bipartisan basis to obtain  nearly all relevant documents from then-Solicitor General Kagan's work  in the White House before holding a vote on her nomination to the  Supreme Court. Today, we are set to vote on Judge Kavanaugh with  roughly 90 percent of his record still kept secret. Yes, in the recent  past, Democrats made the difficult choice to end Republicans'  historically unprecedented obstruction of hundreds of President Obama's  judicial nominees by eliminating the 60-vote threshold for judicial  nominees, except to the Supreme Court of the United States. Democrats  recognized that the Supreme Court is one of the most important  institutions in this country, that it operates as the effective check  on both the legislature and the executive branches, that it is the  ultimate interpreter of the Constitution of the United States, and that  in order to have members on that Court who are consistent with the  Constitution and thoroughly accountable to the American people, not  special interests, a simple majority to get to the Court is inadequate.  This process demonstrates that.   Last year, they broke historical precedent and basic decency by  denying Chief Judge Merrick Garland so much as a meeting or a hearing  on his Supreme Court nomination. Again, for over a year, the Republican  majority refused to consider the nomination of Judge Garland to the  Supreme Court, and now they insist we have to move expeditiously to  fill this gap, that it is so critical that we can't wait 2 weeks, 3  weeks, or 4 weeks for a thorough investigation. We have to do it now.  But we didn't have to do it when President Obama submitted, pursuant to  the Constitution, the nomination of Judge Garland.   Once Judge Gorsuch was presented to us, the Republicans abandoned the  60-vote threshold, and at every turn, Republicans have, in my view,  escalated these so-called judicial wars, and this rush to confirm Judge  Kavanaugh, despite the allegations against him, brings us closer than  ever to a crisis of confidence in the Court.   The need for more time and more answers with regard to Judge  Kavanaugh's record have become overwhelming since Dr. Ford, Deborah  Ramirez, and others came forward. These women have put aside their  privacy, professional lives, and the safety and security of their  families in order to bring to light their allegations against Judge  Kavanaugh. Regardless of how one feels about the truth of their claims,  they have been met with treatment that should be beneath us as a  nation. They have been mocked and attacked in disgraceful and sexist  terms by public figures who should know better, including the President  himself. They have been called liars, had their motives questioned, and  had their private lives picked apart on the national stage.   The Judiciary Committee has now had the opportunity to hear from Dr.  Ford, and the FBI has conducted a limited background check on some of  the allegations against Judge Kavanaugh, but this process still doesn't  pass the simple common sense test. If there is no truth to these  allegations, as the nominee and our Republican colleagues claim, why  was it so difficult to agree to an FBI investigation in the first  place? For that matter, what serious investigation is forced to finish  in less than a week with limits on which leads it can follow? What  person, upon hearing that a child or a relative of his or her own had  been harmed, would be satisfied with such a short and apparently  outcome-driven process? What is the majority hiding?   I will not parse the details of every allegation against Judge  Kavanaugh here today, but I will say this to my Republican colleagues:  Look around you. Our Nation is undergoing a historic and long-overdue  reckoning with abuse of power, sexual harassment, and sexual assault.  It is regrettable that the Supreme Court confirmation process has once  again become a forum for the larger debate about these matters, but  there is no convenient way to reckon with longstanding and painful  injustice. This is the issue before us, and we must face it. History  will not look kindly, if it looks at all, on those who take the easy  way out, using distraction, false equivalence, and personal attacks to  preserve a partisan win at all costs.   Given the growing number of doubts that this process has raised about  Judge Kavanaugh's honesty and trustworthiness, he cannot begin to meet  the test that I have applied to every Supreme Court nominee, regardless  of party, during my service in the Senate. I have voted against  nominees in the past because I did not believe that their  jurisprudential records demonstrated that they would use their  discretion to give meaning to the promises of the Constitution. But  never before have I had to stand here and oppose a nominee to the  Supreme Court for those very same reasons and because I do not believe  that he is trustworthy. I regret that I must do so now.  [[Page S6664]]    When it comes to Supreme Court Justices, character is a nonnegotiable  requirement. Supreme Court Justices are expected to have a record of  high personal and professional achievement. They are not supposed to be  partisans or politicians. They are given an awesome power for life.  They can certainly have flaws, but their relationship to the truth and  their willingness to avoid the appearance of emotion are not up for  debate. To serve in judgment of 325 million of their fellow citizens,  they must be above the fray, particularly in these difficult and  divided times.   If Supreme Court decisions were simply a mechanical application of  foregone legal conclusions, then it wouldn't matter who sat on the  Court. Rather, a Justice's power rests in the discretion to choose  among competing and well-reasoned arguments to decide how the promises  of the Constitution will apply for generations to come.   In order to support a Supreme Court nominee, I must believe she or he  will use that discretion to give meaning to the American tradition of  equal justice under law. This means strictly scrutinizing laws that  obstruct and distort the effective operation of government and channels  of political participation. It means rejecting arbitrary abuse of power  and demanding the most compelling justification for laws that single  out powerless, discrete, and insular minority groups for disfavored  treatment under the law.   When the Court has acted in accordance with these principles, it has  resolved issues of national concern that threaten to tear the fabric of  our Nation apart, and has done so in a manner that preserves the  perception of impartiality that is vital to our judicial institutions.  The Court struck the final blow against legal segregation. It  safeguarded constitutional voting rights, guaranteed Americans the  power to choose how to start their families, separated church and State  for the mutual benefit of both institutions, and even ordered sitting  Presidents to comply with the law.   The snarling, conspiratorial partisanship that Judge Kavanaugh  displayed at his second hearing was a far cry from the historical  principles that have preserved the Court as an institution. Without  evidence, he blamed ``the left'' and ``left-wing opposition groups''  for revelations about his past behavior, calling it ``a calculated and  orchestrated political hit.'' He characterized Dr. Ford and others as  liars and claimed that their desire to come forward was simply ``pent- up anger about President Trump and the 2016 election.''   How many of the advocacy organizations that regularly try cases  before the Court fit his definition of ``left-wing opposition groups''?  How is anyone supposed to believe that Justice Kavanaugh would approach  a politically charged case with an open mind after this display?   I fear that some are willing to overlook the clear defects in this  nominee and this confirmation process because they want a Justice  Kavanaugh to deliver long-desired legal victories for partisan causes.  President Trump has clearly expressed his expectations for his nominees  to the Court and even outsourced the vetting process to far-right  special interest groups. The goal of this process is no mystery: a  decisive majority on the Supreme Court that will eviscerate the  underpinnings of Roe v. Wade and undo the constitutional right to  privacy, as well as expand the Second Amendment to block even  commonsense gun safety laws. Critically, the President also wants to  bring even more functions of government solely under the control of the  White House so that he can quickly and easily dismantle protections for  workers, the vulnerable, and the environment.    This wish list is nothing new. It has long been the agenda of groups  like the NRA and the Federalist Society to take control of the Supreme  Court and accomplish from the Bench what they cannot win from the  ballot box. In President Trump and this majority, however, they have  found their opportunity to radically change American law for the few  and the powerful.   I have no illusion about Judge Kavanaugh's familiarity with, and  enthusiasm for, the partisan victories he is expected to deliver for  President Trump and special interest groups as a Justice. It is also  difficult for me to imagine that there would be such a rush to put  Judge Kavanaugh on the Court if he were not a lifelong DC political  operative and reliable partisan and an architect of the conservative  legal movement, which is designed to pack the Federal judiciary with  outcome-driven ideologues like him. He has already amassed a body of  work that shows how he can and will deliver for the movement that has  groomed him for this moment.   Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated a dangerously expansive view of  Presidential power. The President is not a King, and this is because  the Constitution establishes separation of powers and a system of  checks and balances to ensure that no arm of government can overpower  the others.   The Framers recognized the particular danger of a Supreme Court  without judicial independence. In Federalist 78, Alexander Hamilton  quoted Montesquieu, saying that ``there is no liberty, if the power of  judging be not separated from the legislative and executive powers.''  He added that ``liberty can have nothing to fear from the judiciary  alone, but would have everything to fear from its union with either of  the other departments.''   Based on his writings, I fear that a Justice Kavanaugh is predisposed  to provide the deciding vote on the President's agenda before cases  against him even reach the Supreme Court. For example, the Supreme  Court has never had to decide whether a sitting President can be  prosecuted for Federal crimes. It is perhaps more important now than  ever in our history to ensure that a nominee to the Court can approach  questions of Presidential accountability with independence and an open  mind. Judge Kavanaugh cannot seriously claim to have either on this  issue.   As a veteran of the Starr investigation into the Clinton White House,  Judge Kavanaugh understandably has strong feelings on the issues of  civil and criminal prosecutions of sitting Presidents. In 1998,  Kavanaugh authored a law review article discussing a now-defunct  independent counsel statute in detail and recommending changes to the  statutory scheme. He argued there that Congress should pass a law  prohibiting the indictment of a sitting President until after the  President's term in office. But he made it clear at several points that  he believes such a law would codify what to him is already plain in the  Constitution--that a President is above our criminal law while he holds  office.   His views about Presidential accountability did not evolve over time,  as seen in the various ways he continued to share his views over the  years. In 1999, he told a reporter that he doubted whether the Supreme  Court got it right in United States v. Nixon, the landmark case that  held the President could not always use Executive privilege to escape a  subpoena to turn over records in a criminal case. For those who lived  through Watergate, it was the Supreme Court's decision that I think,  more than anything else, preserved the stability of the Union and the  power of the Constitution over partisan politics. It led to President  Nixon's resignation. It also convincingly showed that the Court could  take a decision seriously with respect to the Constitution without  considering the political effects.   Justice Kavanaugh believes they were wrong, that President Nixon  should have been allowed to defy the Court, defy the country, and  maintain secret the tapes of his discussions in the White House that  ultimately led to his resignation.   In 2008, as a judge on the DC Circuit, Kavanaugh published another  article suggesting policies to improve the functioning of the Federal  Government, which reiterated his support for a law to defer all civil  and criminal cases against the President while the President holds  office.   To be clear, lawyers and legal academics have debated these issues of  Presidential power and accountability from the founding of the  Republic. This debate is particularly relevant in light of how easily a  governing majority of the President's party can crush congressional  efforts to investigate wrongdoings by the President and his  administration. Judge Kavanaugh has every right to publish his thoughts  for legal academia, but he cannot have it both ways. He cannot spend 20  years arguing that the Constitution forecloses  [[Page S6665]]  criminal investigations of a sitting President and claim now that he  approaches the issue with an open mind.   We may soon need clear answers from the Court about whether a  President can pardon himself and whether he can be subpoenaed,  indicted, or otherwise held to account for wrongdoing. If such a case  were to rise to the Supreme Court, it would be gravely damaging to the  Court as an institution if the American people were to believe that the  President had already secured the votes he needed to win because of his  judicial appointments.   It is also clear that Judge Kavanaugh comes to this nomination with  his mind made up to deliver other important victories for the President  and powerful corporate interests at the expense of Federal agency  autonomy and independence.   Judge Kavanaugh spoke 2 years ago on a panel before a conservative  special interest group where he was asked if he could think of a case  that deserves to be overturned. After some hesitation, he answered that  he would ``put the final nail in the coffin'' of Morrison v. Olson,  which upheld the constitutionality of an independent counsel who could  be fired only ``for cause'' by the President.   This deserves consideration. When given the chance to name any case  he would overturn, Judge Kavanaugh did not think to name any of the  most egregious cases from our early history as a nation, such as the  now-overturned Korematsu decision, which upheld Japanese internment, or  Buck v. Bell, which upheld compulsory sterilization of the  intellectually disabled. Instead, Judge Kavanaugh made it clear that he  would strip Congress of its constitutional authority to protect  apolitical public officials, like Special Counsel Mueller, from  arbitrary interference and firing by the President.   Just this year, Judge Kavanaugh showed that he was serious. In PHH  Corporation v. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the full DC  Circuit upheld the constitutionality of the statute creating the CFPB  and providing that its independent Director could be removed by the  President only for cause.   In his scathing dissent, Judge Kavanaugh quoted at length from  Justice Scalia's dissent in Morrison v. Olson and made it clear that he  would have placed the CFPB Director under the thumb of the President. I  believe it is safe to assume he would have gone even further in  undermining the consumer agency's independence if he had the power to  overturn Morrison altogether.   This is not the only area where a Justice Kavanaugh would deliver  long-sought-after victories for conservative operatives and special  interests. He has also made clear that he would undercut or even  overturn the law of Chevron deference. As this body discussed at length  in debate over Justice Gorsuch's nomination, the Chevron case stands  for the proposition that when someone sues a Federal agency and a  reasonable person could read the statute at issue in more than one way,  the Court should defer to the agency's reasonable interpretation of the  law that the agency is charged with enforcing. Put simply, Chevron  prevents big businesses that are trying to escape regulation from  pouring millions into lawsuits to second-guess and slow down every  piece of the rulemaking process that they don't like. Even Justice  Scalia defended Chevron as a reasonable check on judicial activism. But  like Judge Gorsuch, Judge Kavanaugh has made it clear in his academic  writings that he would overturn Chevron as we know it and  systematically tip the scales in favor of well-funded challengers of  regulation.   In my view, such a major change in the law would put our Nation on a  path back to the bad old days when companies could pollute the  environment, scam their customers, and discriminate against their  employees as long as they could pay enough lawyers to get the right  judge when the Federal agency sues. This would bring us one step closer  to the ``deconstruction of the administrative state'' that the Trump  administration envisions and could severely obstruct future  administrations in their efforts to protect consumers, the environment,  and those who need a helping hand against the very powerful.   I would like to take a minute to return to the concept of judicial  discretion. As I discussed, I have evaluated every nominee for the  Supreme Court during my time in this body based on whether I believed  the nominee would have an open mind to be able to use his or her  discretion to promote equal justice under the law, and to safeguard the  powerless against the powerful. Upon review of Justice Kavanaugh's  opinions, I do not believe he would. He has routinely sided with  employers and big business against workers, consumers, and those  seeking to hold powerful interests to account.   Two of his notable opinions illustrate the contrast between his  treatment of interests he favors and those he does not.   The case of SeaWorld of Florida v. Perez concerned a tragic incident  at the theme park in which a killer whale grabbed its trainer, pulling  her into the water and killing her. This was not the first trainer this  whale had killed in this way. The Department of Labor sanctioned  SeaWorld upon concluding that the company knew about the danger this  whale posed to trainers and failed to take reasonable steps to lessen  the risk. A Federal district court affirmed this conclusion, as well as  the District of Columbia Circuit.   Judge Kavanaugh dissented. He argued that it was inappropriately  ``paternalistic'' for the Federal Government to regulate matters of  workplace safety for entertaining displays such as killer whale  exhibitions. To him, the free market, rather than potentially  lifesaving workplace safety regulations and standards, should decide  how dangerous is too dangerous for workers.   Compare this narrow view of a worker's right to a safe workplace with  Judge Kavanaugh's broad view of an employer's religious right to opt  out of regulations.   The case of Priests for Live v. HHS concerned an attempt to broaden  the Supreme Court's holding in the Hobby Lobby case. In Hobby Lobby, a  5-to-4 majority of the Supreme Court held that a closely held, for- profit corporation could refuse to comply with the Affordable Care  Act's mandate that employers provide health coverage, including  contraceptives, on grounds that doing so would conflict with the  corporation's purported religious rights under the Religious Freedom  Restoration Act, or RFRA.   In Priests for Life, a religious nonprofit corporation similarly  objected to providing contraceptives to its employees on religious  grounds but also objected to an accommodation provided under Affordable  Care Act regulations specifically for religious nonprofits. Under the  accommodation, the organization could file a form that lodged a faith- based objection to contraceptive coverage, thereby permitting its  employees to access coverage through alternative means, and not through  the company directly. Priests for Life sued to invalidate even this  alternative, claiming that filing the faith-based objection was a  religious burden because it caused its employees to receive  contraceptive coverage. The DC Circuit decided against the organization  because the organization was wrong, strictly as a matter of law, that  the filing of the form caused a change in the employees' access to  coverage.   Judge Kavanaugh dissented, arguing that it should not matter whether  a nonprofit's religious objections were strictly correct as a matter of  law in order for the objection to excuse it from complying with the  law. If the Supreme Court were to adopt this view, it would open the  door to dangerous possibilities. In addition to nonprofits, for-profit  corporations like Hobby Lobby and others could use religious objections  to excuse themselves from an untold number of Federal laws, ignoring,  in the process, the religious and practical needs of the employees--the  men and women of conscience who work there and the consumers who would  suffer the consequences.   Contrasting these two cases--one showing Kavanaugh's narrow view of  an employee's right to a safe workplace, the other demonstrating his  troublingly broad view of an employer's right to opt out of following  the law--it became clear to me that Judge Kavanaugh would use his  discretion as a Supreme Court Justice to expand the rights of the  powerful at the expense of everyone else.   Supreme Court Justices hold extraordinary positions of authority in  our  [[Page S6666]]  constitutional system because they are the only ones with the power to  decide that the governing majority--as well as prior Justices on the  Court--got it wrong. The Constitution guarantees every American certain  rights that are beyond the reach of the President or a simple majority  of Congress to change because the popular majority cannot always be  trusted to protect the interests of the minority, particularly when  that minority includes the most powerless, alienated, and derided among  us.   The Supreme Court's work is not automatic. It is not an assembly  line. The men and women who sit on the Court must use their values and  experience in order to reach the conclusions that determine how the  Constitution applies to our daily lives. I read Judge Kavanaugh's legal  record to show that he would advance a dangerous partisan agenda from  the bench. Some may disagree with that conclusion, but the fact of the  matter is that the majority is advancing Judge Kavanaugh's nomination  in the absence of critical facts that go directly to his character and  values.   A full and fair investigation--one without predetermined limits-- could clear Justice Kavanaugh's name or it could cause him further  trouble. But if the majority proceeds now, and he is confirmed, the  shadow of doubt will always linger over his position, over the Court,  and over the U.S. Senate. Americans will wonder why this nomination was  rushed, and the obvious conclusion will be that it served the interests  of partisan politics. Rightly or wrongly, that impression will further  harden the cynicism and tribalism of those who are inclined to believe  the system is rigged. That doubt in the fundamental fairness and  integrity of our government is contagious, and our whole Nation suffers  as it spreads. I believe we should stop this and show the American  people that facts matter and that character matters.   Before I yield the floor, I would like to say one more thing to my  colleagues. This process, and the majority's elimination of the 60-vote  threshold for the Supreme Court to confirm Justice Gorsuch last year,  is now the precedent for future Supreme Court nominations. Democratic  Members should expect nothing more from the Republican majority. Every  Senator should think long and hard if they are prepared for what will  come next as a result of this dissolution of the Senate rules that  historically preserved the institutions of the Senate as well as the  Court.   The supermajority requirement for the confirmation of a Supreme Court  Justice was a vital backstop against the kinds of displays we have  witnessed in the past few weeks. That is why Democrats kept the 60-vote  requirement in place when they were forced by a Republican blockade of  lower court judges to fill a whole host of judicial vacancies with  nominees who had cleared committee for district and circuit courts.  Now, with a simple majority threshold, any party in power can pack the  Supreme Court on party-line votes with nominees like Judge Kavanaugh,  who otherwise could never rise to the highest Court of the land.   I would also note that there is no longer any obligation for a  nominee to disclose all of his or her records of prior service, nor is  there a need to hold fair or impartial hearings. FBI background checks  need not be anything more than a mere formality, and nominees have a  free hand to appear in campaign-style commercials, disrespect the  Senate, and disregard traditions of decorum, so long as they put on a  show that plays well with the President and the majority. After all,  there is no longer any need for bipartisan consensus for a Justice of  the Supreme Court.   I have served in this body for over 20 years. I have not been here  for all of the so-called judicial wars, supposedly beginning with the  nomination of Judge Bork, who, I will remind everyone, was defeated on  a strong bipartisan vote, but I have been here for enough of the  deterioration of this process to know there is blame on both sides.  Democrats in this body have been aggressive when they were in power,  but I would also add that scholarly research of many has documented  that Republicans always found another way to escalate things each more,  resulting in the position in which we now find ourselves.   Without some major change on the part of the majority, I hope there  is no illusion among my colleagues that what we have endured over the  last few weeks is anything but the beginning of what is to come. I  stand ready--and I think many of my colleagues on the other side stand  ready--to search for a bipartisan solution and return to a path in  which all of us--at least the vast majority of the Senate--have  overwhelming confidence in the ability and the dedication of a nominee  to the Supreme Court under the Constitution of the United States.   With that, I yield the floor.   