 Mr. Speaker, this is a sad day, a very sad day, for  this institution. Today, it becomes official that this will become the  most closed Congress ever in the history of the United States.   You heard why this matters. You heard from some of my colleagues here  today that important issues, issues that the American people care  about, like ensuring clean water for children, like high ethics in the  executive branch, like cybersecurity, like banning bump stocks, like  protecting our  [[Page H4299]]  veterans, or like protecting Medicare or Social Security--these  amendments are routinely denied. We are shut out.   Millions of young people all over the country protested for us to do  something to combat gun violence, and we have done nothing. We have  done nothing in this Chamber other than a moment of silence.   The frustration of these young people is compounded by the fact that  we can't even bring an amendment to the floor to ban bump stocks or to  expand background checks or to ban assault weapons. They don't want to  let anything come to the floor. It is outrageous.   And for anybody to stand up here and defend this process, to somehow  normalize this process, give me a break. This closed process is  something you would see in Russia or Turkey or in some other  authoritarian government, not in the people's House.   This is supposed to be the greatest deliberative body in the world.  What is so radical about deliberating every once in a while?   We have a report that we are releasing today. It is 230 pages. Go to  the Rules Committee Democrats' web page, and you can read all about how  there has been a deliberate attempt to shut out the voices of the  American people.   Enough. This is not the way this place is supposed to be run.   If Democrats are given the privilege to control this House again, I  will tell you, we need to be more accommodating, we need to be more  open, and we need to allow this place to be a deliberative body where  important issues get debated.    Mr. Speaker, we need to fix problems in this country.   We could pass a bill to protect the Dreamers in a nanosecond if the  Republican majority would allow us to bring an amendment to the floor,  but they won't. Why? Because they are afraid that we are going to win.   They don't want a fair fight. They want a system that is always  rigged in their favor. Well, that is not democracy. That is not the way  this place is supposed to be run.    If we have a more accommodating approach to legislating, then I  guarantee you that the polarization will be less. You will have more  bills that will pass in a bipartisan way.   And, by the way, it is not just Democrats that get shut out; 180  Republicans have been shut out of the amendment process as well.    The sad thing is that they just go along to get along,  and they are complicit in this most closed process in U.S. history.   Enough. Enough. We deserve better, the American people deserve  better, my constituents deserve better, and your constituents deserve  better. This place needs to be run differently.   Mr. Speaker, vote against this rule.   And I say to my Republican friends: Have the guts to stand with us  and vote ``no'' on this closed process.    Mr. Speaker, let me say to my friend from Texas, we  don't want to talk. That is what you guys want to do. We want to  legislate.   The fact is that the majority of bills that you have brought to this  House floor have been closed. You have more closed rules than any other  Congress in the history of the United States of America. How anybody  can defend that with a straight face is beyond me.   