 BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank my  colleague and friend for his belief early on in the season in the  Eagles, despite the fact he is a die-hard Broncos fan. The Super Bowl  will be a nice diversion from the seriousness of the subject that we  are discussing and debating tonight.   Let me take us back a bit to a couple of events that, yes, may have  happened a little bit before I was born, but I know well as a student  of American history. I fear that we are on the verge of repeating them,  possibly only days away on the verge of repeating them.   In October 1973, the Watergate investigation was being conducted by  the special counsel, Archibald Cox. It had been going on, at that  point, for most of 1973. On a Saturday night, President Nixon decided  to fire the special counsel, in part, because the special counsel was  doing his job and was getting too close to uncovering the conspiracy.   President Nixon ordered his Attorney General to fire the special  counsel. The Attorney General proved to be a profile in courage and  refused. It then went to the Deputy Attorney General. The Deputy  Attorney General refused. Finally, the number three man, the Solicitor  General, named Robert Bork, decided that he would follow what President  Nixon wanted and fired Archibald Cox. That became known as the Saturday  Night Massacre.   When John Chancellor, then the anchor for NBC News, came on the air-- and I was recently rewatching this--he said: Tonight, I utter words I  never thought I would say, but we are in the midst of the greatest  constitutional crisis in the history of the Republic.   I fear that history may very well repeat itself. We now know, since  we were last in session--and it has been reported and confirmed by many  media outlets, including FOX News--that President Trump has ordered his  own White House attorney to fire the special counsel.   Why? If the President really has nothing to hide, then why would he  fire the special counsel and want to bring this process to an end? It  gets back to the very first question that my colleague from Colorado  has asked: What does he have to hide?   I sincerely hope that the special counsel will find and will prove  that nothing happened. That would be the best outcome and best course  for all of us as Americans. But, boy, if the President is innocent, he  sure isn't acting like it.   We must come together--as Democrats and Republicans second, but as  Americans first--and do what is in the best interest of justice and of  this country and say that the special counsel must be allowed  to continue his work until its natural conclusion.    If the President moves to fire the special counsel, that, by its very  definition, is obstructing justice. This body and the other body on the  other side of this building cannot allow that to happen.   Here is the good news. In Watergate, ultimately, the American people  didn't let it happen. There was such an outcry on a bipartisan basis  that, within 48 hours, President Nixon had relented and appointed  another special counsel, Leon Jaworski, who ended up being just as  dogged, pursued the President all the way to the Supreme Court. Then  the Supreme Court ruled, unanimously, that President Nixon had to hand  over the tapes even though three of the eight Justices were Nixon  appointees.   President Nixon, actually, to his credit, complied with that Supreme  Court order and released the tapes, including a few tapes that clearly  proved he was guilty--the so-called smoking gun--and, within about a  week or two, resigned in August of 1974.   We can prevent that history from repeating itself if we act here in  Congress to ensure there is a proper procedure in place to protect the  integrity of this investigation. If that does not take place, there  will be, I predict, an outcry of the American people you have not seen  or heard since October 1973. This country and its institutions are a  heck of lot more important than any political party, and it is about  time all of us in this body act in such a way that shows we believe in  those words.   