 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, we have a great piece of legislation before  us today. Chairman Walden and Ranking Member Pallone have been great  leaders in shepherding dozens of opioid-related bills through the  Energy and Commerce Committee.   This particular bill, H.R. 6, is the crown jewel of all that  legislation. We all know what a scourge the opioid epidemic is. Since  2015, more Americans have died annually from opioid overdoses than from  the AIDS epidemic at its peak.   The amendment that is before us today is very simple. It requires the  FDA, after consultation with all the stakeholders in open meetings and  workshops, to develop some opioid prescription guidelines based on hard  evidence.   This amendment gives the FDA 2 years to develop these guidelines. It  requires the FDA to post the guidelines on their web page and to send  the guidelines to the Energy and Commerce Committee in the House and to  the Education and Workforce committee over in the Senate.   It is a bipartisan amendment. Congresswoman Annie Kuster of New  Hampshire and Congressman Mark Meadows of North Carolina have both  worked with myself and other members of the committee to develop this  amendment.   Opioids are a little bit different than some of the other drugs that  are abused and lead to addiction in that most people are exposed to  opioids the first time because of a prescription. They have some sort  of acute pain that opioids can help manage and in prescribing these  opioids the doctors are trying to help alleviate the pain. But everyone  reacts to opioids somewhat differently, and sometimes what is  acceptable in terms of the dosage for one individual is not acceptable  with another individual.   These guidelines will, again, be based on facts, be based on  evidence. They are advisory only. We are not trying to intervene in the  doctor/patient relationship. It will still be up to the doctor to  determine what is best for the patient. But at least the doctor will  have some fact-based guidelines with which to make the decision on what  level to prescribe these opioids if, in fact, opioids are necessary.   To quote the head of the FDA, Dr. Scott Gottlieb: ``Without evidence- based dosing recommendations at the point of care to support and inform  rational prescribing, we're at serious risk of both undertreating some  patients who could benefit from opioid therapy, and overtreating a lot  of patients who are then placed at a higher risk of addiction.''   I will say that the amendment has drawn some concern, or at least  interest, from the stakeholders, the chairman, the ranking member,  myself and others are committed to working on this as it goes through  the process. If we can fine-tune the amendment in some way, we are  willing to at least consider that.   But as it is constructed today, Mr. Chairman, this is a good  amendment, and I hope that the body will adopt it.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, can I inquire how much time I still have.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  New Hampshire (Ms. Kuster), who is an original cosponsor of the  amendment and has worked very hard on it.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   