 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there is a reason we have passed the  National Defense Authorization Act every year for the past 57 years,  and that is because it is vital for the men and women who take  responsibility for defending our country. Passing the Defense  authorization bill is one of the most important things we do in this  Chamber, and I look forward to passing the bill that we have before us  out of the Senate and getting it through conference and signed into law  very soon.   I want to start by briefly thanking the bill managers for including a  number of my amendments, but one I will mention that they have added to  the managers' package is an amendment that requires the Air Force and  the National Nuclear Security Administration to submit a joint progress  report every 6 months on their efforts to develop a new nuclear cruise  missile capability. This will help ensure that their efforts are  synchronized and that we stay on schedule. The nuclear cruise missile  is an important part of our deterrent, and I am grateful for the  committee's willingness to work with me on this amendment and include  it in the managers' package.   This year's legislation certainly contains its share of noteworthy  provisions. I will not be able to mention them all, but I do want to  talk about some of them here today. For example, it authorizes a 2.6- percent pay raise for members of the armed services, which is the  highest pay raise we have been able to include in more than a decade.  It is something they very much deserve.   Thanks to the good work of the Senate Armed Services Committee, the  bill also takes important steps to modernize the personnel system to  provide greater career flexibility and make sure we can meet the needs  of the professionals who serve across our magnificent Armed Forces.   In addition to personnel matters, I am pleased to note that the  legislation supports our Nation's strategic priorities as reflected in  the National Security Strategy, the National Defense Strategy, and the  Nuclear Posture Review. Those documents rightly point out that we face  emerging challenges from Russia and China. While we hope to avoid  confrontation with these nations, there is no question we are in  competition with them, and this year's NDAA helps align our forces to  make sure we maintain our competitive advantage.   This legislation also authorizes significant numbers of fighter  aircraft and additional numbers of submarines and surface ships. The  reason we are able to do that is that we, in the budget agreement this  year, provided more funding authority for our military, which, again,  is something we very much needed to do.   This legislation also fully authorizes the nuclear modernization  program aimed at sustaining and modernizing all three legs of the  nuclear triad, as well as extending the service lives of our nuclear  warheads. Modernizing our nuclear forces is extremely important for our  national security, as well as to my home State. In my State, the Minot  Air Force Base is home to two of the three legs of the triad--bombers  and ICBMs. These men and women of the Minot Air Force Base are on the  frontlines of vital missions, and updating our nuclear force will help  ensure they continue to fulfill this vital role in coming decades. In  just the past few months, I have visited that base, and we have had  ongoing deployments to the Korean Peninsula, based TDY out of Guam, as  well as to the Middle East, taking an important role in what is going  on in Iraq and Syria.   I also want to highlight in this legislation the Air Force's plan to  replace the engines on the venerable B-52 aircraft, something I have  worked on quite a bit. We expect that aircraft, which has been a  workhorse for us for many years, to remain a key element of not only  our nuclear deterrent but also an important component of our  conventional bomber force for decades to come. New engines will help  keep it flying and ensure that it will continue to fulfill those vital  roles.   The legislation also provides for significant investment in emerging  technologies that will position our forces to remain the most capable  military on Earth, including investments in hypersonic weapons and  directed energy weapons.   Another base in my State, the Grand Forks Air Force Base, has the  Global Hawk mission. This legislation makes sure we continue support  for the Global Hawk, which is an unmanned aircraft that provides an  incredibly important role in ISR--intelligence, surveillance, and  reconnaissance--which is a very important part of our global reach.   This legislation also authorizes the annual military construction  program, with an Army readiness center in Fargo, ND, and a helicopter  operations facility at the Minot Air Force Base representing two  examples of military construction projects made possible through this  legislation. Again, these are things I have worked hard on, as well as  other support for our National Guard in my State and across the  country.   This bill includes language that provides higher allowances for Guard  members on lengthy or numerous deployments. It also addresses Federal  delays in recognizing promotions for National Guard and Reserve  members, who play such an important role in our Armed Forces.   There are too many provisions to go through all of them, obviously,  but the point is we need to pass this legislation for our men and women  in uniform. We have the finest armed services in the world, and they  deserve our careful and deliberate attention to ensure they have the  benefits they deserve, the tools they need, and the support that we owe  them.   Again, I look forward to completing work on this legislation, and  then, as a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee--and I am on  the Defense Appropriations Committee as well--I will work hard to make  sure we have the appropriate funding to go with the authorization we  provide in this legislation to make absolutely sure we support our  incredible men and women in uniform. We owe them so much, and it is an  honor and privilege to work on their behalf.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   