 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule to complete  consideration of the FY 2019 Defense Appropriations bill.   I thank the Rules Committee and all the Members who submitted  amendments to the Defense Appropriations bill. I commend the chairman,  Chairman Frelinghuysen, Ranking Member Lowey, Subcommittee Chairwoman  Granger, and Ranking Member Visclosky for their leadership on the FY  2019 Defense Appropriations bill. I would also like to thank our  dedicated professional staff who have tirelessly worked on this bill.   I have served on the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee for  many years, and providing for our men and women in uniform is a  privilege and an honor. This bill provides vital funding for our armed  services, including a 2.6 percent pay raise. This bill is an investment  in our future superiority on land, air, and at sea.   Earlier this year, Secretary Mattis released the National Defense  Strategy. As we know, our Secretary of Defense is focused on readiness  and lethality. This bill meets the demands of the Department to restore  readiness levels, invest in lethality, buy the equipment that will  maintain superiority, and provide for the health and welfare of our men  and women in uniform.   We are at a unique time in history that demands U.S. leadership  throughout the world. As we know too well, a power vacuum breeds  instability and extremism. A strong U.S. military with our allies  creates stability.   After too many years of a budget-driven strategy, this bill reflects  the investment needed to maintain and secure U.S. interests around the  world. The investment we make here today, about 16 percent of our  entire Federal budget, has dividends down the road for many years. The  security of our Nation, and the peace of the world, depends on a strong  U.S. military.   The last time the House passed a stand-alone Defense Appropriations  conference report that was signed into law before the end of the fiscal  year was September 2009. Let's turn the page on CRs that cripple the  Department and return to regular order.   I again thank my colleagues who crafted this bill, our military  leadership, and the men and women of the United States military. I urge  passage of the rule and the underlying bill.    Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this  amendment, which would add $1 billion in advanced procurement for two  additional Virginia-class submarines in FY 2022/23.   The Navy has a substantial plan for submarines. It achieves the  mission of a 355-ship Navy by 2050 and does it in a way that is  fiscally responsible and provides for stability of the industrial base.   In a letter from the Secretary of the Navy to Chairman Frelinghuysen,  the Secretary states: ``The FY 2019 President's budget provides  sufficient funding to procure the ships included in the FY19-FY23  Future Years Defense Program.''    An advanced procurement amendment of $1 billion in FY19 and, by the  way, an additional $6 billion tail, would take from much-needed  programs that have already been considered by the committee.  Additionally, it would jeopardize the future programs and assume risk  in other areas.   Mr. Chair, I certainly urge a ``no'' vote on this, and I will remind  my Members, as my friend from Indiana mentioned, we have a cliff coming  in 2020. Making a commitment to spend an additional $7 billion, which  we don't have, is not a good idea. We ought to be working on trying to  resolve that cliff issue.   