 Mr. President, I just want to thank the chairman and his  staff for working constructively with me on this amendment. I want to  thank the Senator from Vermont and other Senators who have tried to do  all they can to make sure that we hold Saudi leadership accountable  over the course of this and maintain our norms of acceptable behavior,  making sure that our military forces are respecting international  humanitarian laws, that we assist our security partners, and that we  stabilize the country of Yemen so that ISIS, al-Qaida, and Iran--the  largest state sponsor of terror--cannot further entrench in the country  and perpetuate their nefarious activity.   We wouldn't be at this point but for a lot of leadership across the  aisle. I just thank all of those involved. I appreciate the  consideration of my colleagues in voting for this amendment.   I yield back.    Mr. President, I rise in memory of Fred M. Fehsenfeld, a  Hoosier, an innovator, a philanthropist, and a true American hero.   Fred was born in Indianapolis in 1924, and he graduated from  Shortridge High School. As a sophomore at Purdue University in 1942, he  left school to enlist in the U.S. Army Air Corps. Fred flew 89 missions  in Europe with the 354th Pioneer Mustang Fighter Group. He was awarded  the Air Medal with three silver clusters and a Silver Star. He also led  the 353rd fighter squadron on the last official flight in the European  theatre, where he barrel-rolled over an Austrian POW camp to signal  that the war in Europe was over.   After the war, Fred returned to Indiana and married Midge, his  college sweetheart. He graduated from Purdue in 1948. The couple had  seven children. He was married to Midge for 57 years before she passed.  In 2003, he married Barbara, his lovely second wife.   Upon entering the workforce, Fred was operating Crystal Flash  Petroleum, which owned gas stations around the State of Indiana, when  he decided he needed a new adventure. So, in 1960, Fred went to the  library and taught himself how to manufacture asphalt. His companies  literally began paving what we in Indiana call the Crossroads of  America.   Over the years, Fred gave his company his all. He grew The Heritage  Group to more than 6,500 employees worldwide, and he tackled real-world  problems along the way. In fact, Fred is credited with creating and  promoting separate lanes for cars and trucks to save lives, reduce  pollution, and alleviate congestion. His companies detoxified waste  from circuit boards and solved environmental problems facing the steel  industry.   Fred asked that his tombstone simply read ``I tried.'' I am here to  report that Fred Fehsenfeld did far more than try--he succeeded. Fred's  forward-thinking leadership has truly made America a cleaner, safer,  and more prosperous nation. For that, I recognize him today.   Fred will be dearly missed by all who loved him and all who came to  know him. He was a great Hoosier and a great American.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   