 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6615, the Traumatic  Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act of 2018.   I join the traumatic brain injury community in expressing my  gratitude to both Chairman Walden and our incoming Chairman Frank  Pallone for their work to swiftly move this important legislation  forward. Millions of Americans living with a traumatic brain injury can  be assured that better treatments and potential cures are in the not  too distant future.   While the House passed legislation unanimously just last week, the  Senate made some minor changes that are both welcome and nonsubstantive  before they passed the bill yesterday.   There is one semantic change that does not have any impact on  definitions or programs, as well as a regrouping of funding in the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention TBI budget.    While the bill includes the same amount of funding that was included  before, it will give the CDC more flexibility to use and sustain their  funding to implement the National Concussion Surveillance System. As  the lead sponsor of this bill, I fought hard to ensure it contain the  increase in funding that we secured in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus, as  well as enough funding for CDC to finally be able to implement the  Nation's first surveillance program.   I might add to the Speaker and to Mr. Walden, back in 1999 and 2000,  when we put the task force together with Jim Greenwood from  Pennsylvania, this was our first objective. After 20 years--we are slow  learners--we finally got it done. This is going to be a big help to  researchers and doctors throughout the United States of America.   The CDC has wanted to implement this for years. This funding will  finally allow them to capture the full picture of brain injury so that  we can better understand the breadth and depth of  [[Page H10282]]  the problem and use that to work towards solutions.   Helping people who have suffered these catastrophic injuries is not a  political subject. There is no Democratic or Republican way to treat a  traumatic brain injury. I am pleased that we have strong sponsors and  support from both parties on both sides of the aisle.   When I co-founded the Congressional Brain Injury Task Force in 2001,  Members, including me, were unaware of the extent and impact of TBI--I  will be very frank with you. Today, we fulfill decades-long work from  tireless advocates to bolster our Federal agencies, States, and local  providers. They deserve Federal resources to provide the support and  breakthrough research necessary to put an end to this condition.   The TBI Act reauthorization will help servicemembers on and off the  battlefield, athletes on the ball field, and children and families  across the country who are living with brain injuries. We have a long  way to go, but the journey forward is clearer today with the passage of  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I commend Senator Hatch and Senator Casey for quickly  advancing this important legislation in the Senate. I will continue  working with them and my co-chair, Tom Rooney, to ensure this  legislation is soon signed by the President.   