 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my  colleagues to support H.R. 4910, the Veterans Cemetery Benefit  Correction Act. I joined my fellow Georgia Congressman Austin Scott to  introduce this bipartisan legislation to ensure that all of our veteran  families receive the benefits that they have earned.   I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership in  bringing this bill to the floor, and I thank all of my colleagues for  their help in moving it forward.   Mr. Speaker, Andersonville, which is one of the two remaining  National Park Service cemeteries, has a very, very interesting and  unique history. Andersonville was the site of a Civil War prisoner of  war camp, and, interestingly enough, it held prisoners of war for both  the Union and the Confederates. Unfortunately, because of the  [[Page H3755]]  unsanitary conditions, thousands of veterans, both Union and  Confederate, died at Andersonville.   Of course, in more recent years, Andersonville has been designated as  the National Prisoner of War Memorial for our country, and, in that  stead, we erected and funded the National Prisoner of War Museum, which  is located on the grounds of Andersonville. The facilities there are  controlled totally by the National Park Service.    Currently, when veterans are buried in some of the Federal  cemeteries, as you have heard, a number of the families are left to pay  the burial costs that typically would be afforded them under other  circumstances.   Current law requires that when a veteran is buried in a national  cemetery under the control of the National Cemetery Administration,  that the VA will provide an outer burial receptacle, known in other  terms as a grave liner, or it will provide reimbursement to the family  for purchase.   However, the current law inexplicably excludes national cemeteries  that are under the control of the National Park Service. The  Andersonville National Cemetery, located in my district, is one of the  two remaining national cemeteries controlled by the National Park  Service.   Today, we are taking steps for Congress to correct this oversight and  to ensure that veterans buried in cemeteries controlled by the National  Park Service, and their families, are provided all of the benefits to  which they are entitled, not only for my district but for all of our  veterans and their families who have selflessly served our country.   I applaud Senator Isakson's successful effort to push this  legislation through the Senate under unanimous consent. It is now time  for the House to take action, and by voting for this legislation, we  can fix this oversight and ensure that all of our veterans and their  families are provided appropriate benefits in all of our Federal  cemeteries.   