 I rise to express my strong opposition to H.R. 772,  the so-called Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act.   I have worked at every level of the restaurant business, starting as  a dishwasher and busboy, and eventually managing and owning various  restaurants in the San Francisco Bay area. As a former restaurateur and  a member of the California Restaurant Association, I have a deep  appreciation for the value American consumers place on nutritional  information when determining their food purchases.   Numerous studies, like the International Food Information Council and  elsewhere, suggest that nutritional information is second only to taste  when choosing what to eat from a menu. Other peer-reviewed studies have  found that consumers make healthier choices when nutrition information  is placed directly on the menu.   Making nutrition information readily available and standardized is an  important step in fighting the growing epidemic of obesity and chronic  disease. According to the CDC, more than two-thirds of American adults  are overweight or obese, nearly a third of American children are  overweight, and the prevalence of childhood obesity children has more  than tripled since 1971.   That is why, as a California State Senator, I co-authored the first- in-the-nation menu labeling law. This bipartisan legislation was passed  with industry support and cooperation, and signed by a Republican  governor.   In contrast, the bill before us today creates giant loopholes in the  ACA's national menu labeling provisions and allows selected  establishments to arbitrarily determine serving sizes, and obscure the  total number of servings per item. For example, if this bill would  become law pizza chains, supermarkets, and convenience stores would be  exempt from having to provide information to consumers at the point-of- sale. The bill would also further delay the implementation of our  existing nationwide menu labeling efforts that are supported by more  than 75 percent of American consumers.   Particularly harmful for my constituents, H.R. 772 would preempt  state efforts to address the obesity epidemic locally. The bill also  undermines state and local efforts to enforce or enact their own food  labeling laws, and extends to food labelling in general, not simply  menu labeling as the bill's title would lead us to believe.   This misguided legislation unravels all of the cooperative work being  done by the restaurant industry and government agencies across the  nation. I urge my colleagues to oppose this effort to undermine local  transparency efforts and vote No on H.R. 772.   