 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Scott Pruitt is the Administrator of the  Environmental Protection Agency. He is charged with running the Agency  and ensuring its mission. There are serious questions about Mr.  Pruitt's leadership, but we will get to that later.   Today, the Senate is preparing to vote on the nominee to be the  second highest ranking official at the Environmental Protection  Agency--Andrew Wheeler. As the No. 2 at the Environmental Protection  Agency, Andrew Wheeler deserves the kind of scrutiny that reflects a  position one step away from Administrator.   Andrew Wheeler has spent years protecting the coal industry--first  from here in the Senate, where he worked to prevent passage of climate  legislation, and then as a lobbyist for Murray Energy, one of the  largest coal companies in America, which has led the fight by the coal  industry to undo the progress we have made on climate policy.   Andrew Wheeler's coal credentials are without equal. He is without  question a member of the coal industry's hall of fame. He was even  present in March of last year at the meeting where Murray Energy CEO  Bob Murray presented Energy Secretary Rick Perry with the now-infamous  secret plan to save the coal industry.   Sadly, I am concerned that Andrew Wheeler's background means that he  will never understand that saving coal is not the Environmental  Protection Agency's job. It is the EPA's job to regulate coal, to  protect public health and the environment, to keep particulate matter  from filling the lungs of children in our most vulnerable communities-- more than 7,500 people die every year from the pollution from fossil  fuel powerplants--to reduce the harmful carbon pollution that is  causing climate change, and to end the toxic coal-mining practices that  are poisoning our waters and our communities.   The corporate special interests, who have worked hand-in-hand with  the Trump administration to block clean energy deployment and force  Americans to breathe dirty air from fossil fuel combustion, are exactly  the opposite of what we need to be at the head of the Environmental  Protection Agency. They are, at the same time, the companies that  Andrew Wheeler has represented. Andrew Wheeler has made a career of  promoting the policies that make our air and our water dirty and that  endanger the public's health.   Now, with Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt  under siege as a result of Agency mismanagement and scandal, we must  have real concern about who will be No. 2 at the EPA. Who is on deck to  take over if Scott Pruitt has to leave? Who is going to be sitting  there in the chair as the Administrator to make these decisions about  clean air, clean water, about the role which coal plays in polluting  our environment? Who will that be if Scott Pruitt were to be removed  from his position or resign from his position? And, by the way, that is  a position from which I strongly support that he be removed--that he  resign--but that would then lead to the consequence that Andrew Wheeler  would most likely be the new Administrator of the EPA. This individual  would then be in charge of the environment of our country. He would be  in charge of it. The coal industry would have their person running the  Environmental Protection Agency. That is unbelievable. That is the  dream of the coal industry--that, finally, after all these years, they  get the guy to be in charge of the environment, as the country and the  world are moving in just the opposite direction.   Now, would he have been vetted for that role as the head of the EPA?  Absolutely not. He is out here on a snoozy Thursday afternoon with his  name out here to be considered with the Galleries empty of either  publicity, citizens, or the press paying attention to the debate when  the consequences of this decision that the Senate is about  [[Page S2101]]  to make is of historic magnitude. This man is the coal industry. If you  Google the word ``coal,'' his picture comes up. Coal, ladies and  gentlemen, has declined from 50 percent of all electrical generation  down to 30 percent just over the last 10 years. Why? Well, because  utilities in America are moving toward wind. They are moving toward  solar. They are moving toward energy conservation. They are moving  toward natural gas, which has half of the pollutants of coal. The coal  industry has met its maker in the marketplace. The utilities themselves  have moved toward cleaner sources of electrical generation in our  country, and the only way that they can stave off this revolution, in  their minds, is to have a coal industry representative be the head of  the Environmental Protection Agency. Talk about the fox guarding the  chicken coop. Talk about some kind of upside-down, bizarro world,  where, all of a sudden, at the Environmental Protection Agency, the one  industry that has most contributed to the greenhouse gases up in our  atmosphere over the last 100 years, now has someone who is next in line  to take over the entire Environmental Protection Agency.   So Scott Pruitt is under siege, and we have not asked Mr. Wheeler  about his readiness to lead the EPA or how his policies would be  different from those of Mr. Pruitt. We don't have any reason to believe  his views are any different than Mr. Pruitt's. Does he agree with the  policy direction Mr. Pruitt has taken at the Agency? Does he agree with  the exorbitant costs associated with the questionable activities  Administrator Pruitt has engaged in as head of this Agency?   There is a lot that Andrew Wheeler has yet to answer to if he were to  take over as the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, which  brings us to the embattled EPA Administrator, Scott Pruitt himself.   Mr. Pruitt's leadership at the EPA has made that Agency as toxic as a  superfund site. Administrator Pruitt has consistently undermined the  core mission of the EPA--to protect the environment and to protect the  health and the safety of all Americans. He has put the interests of the  fossil fuel, chemical, and auto industries above the needs of the  public's health.   Perhaps the best example of Scott Pruitt's war on good, bipartisan  policy is his full frontal attack on fuel economy emissions standards.  Last week, Administrator Pruitt and the Trump administration began the  process of rolling back these historic standards. In 2007, I worked on  a bipartisan basis to enact a provision in the energy law that  increased our Nation's fuel economy standards for the first time in 32  years. It is one of the laws that I am most proud of. I was then  serving in the House of Representatives and I was able to work with  Nancy Pelosi and able to work with John Dingell to push through that  measure. Over here in the Senate, Dianne Feinstein, working with  Senator Stevens and others, were able to bring together a consensus  that changed the direction of fuel economy standards in our country.  They had not been increased in 32 years because of the viselike grip  that the auto industry and the oil industry had on public policymaking  with regard to pollution over the preceding 32 years. It was a tragedy.  It was a disgrace. It was harmful to the health of Americans, to the  national security of Americans, and to the economy of Americans. Yet  they had the power to do it.   But this world changed for the first time in 2007. Then building on  that law, in 2009, the Environmental Protection Agency and the  Department of Transportation began negotiating a historic agreement  with State regulators, automakers, labor unions, and the environmental  community. In 2012, the landmark fuel economy emissions of 54.5 miles  per gallon by 2025 got placed on the books. Consulting with States,  auto manufacturers, environmental groups, and other experts, the EPA  and the National Academies of Sciences have proved beyond a doubt that  the existing standards are appropriate. Automakers are meeting these  standards more quickly and at a lower cost than predicted. These fuel  economy standards are technically feasible. They are economically  achievable. They have revived the competitiveness of our domestic auto  industry, which has added 700,000 new jobs since 2010 and sold a record  number of vehicles in 2015 and again in 2016.    But Scott Pruitt is threatening American consumers, our national  security, and our climate by trying to slam the brakes and make a U- turn on this critical policy. We cannot allow Scott Pruitt to put us in  reverse on these strong standards. But it doesn't stop there.   Time after time, Scott Pruitt has undermined the core mission of the  EPA to protect the environment, to protect the health and the safety of  all Americans. The litany of Scott Pruitt's sins is a Big Oil wish  list: repealing the Clean Power Plan; supporting withdrawal from the  Paris climate accord; weakening the Clean Water Act; allowing more  toxic pollution in our streams and our wetlands; loosening standards  for hazardous pollutants like mercury, arsenic, and lead that  corporations can spew into our air. With Scott Pruitt's actions at the  EPA, more Americans would get sick, more children could get asthma, and  more people could die. He has shut out the public from the EPA's  rulemakings and decisions. During his tenure, the EPA has hidden  countless thousands of pages of publicly funded reports on climate  science and other topics from the EPA's main web page.   Now it is emerging that he has betrayed the trust of the American  people by pursuing ethically questionable behavior while heading this  Agency. His mismanagement of the EPA, his intimidation of scientists,  among whom fear is rampant, and his insistence on undermining key  environmental policies is unacceptable. It is impossible to have any  confidence in him to lead this Agency. It is time that we issue an  eviction notice, change the locks, and kick Scott Pruitt out of the  EPA. It is time for him to go.   Amid this dark cloud, it is up to the Senate to ensure that anyone  who is going to be responsible for overseeing our Nation's  environmental policy is properly vetted for that position. Without more  questioning and more examination, we do not know if Andrew Wheeler is  that individual. Ultimately, I cannot vote for a lobbyist for the coal  industry to lead the Agency that is tasked with making sure that carbon  pollution is regulated. So that is the decision that we are being  called upon to make here. It is like a shadow confirmation vote for the  next Administrator of the EPA. It is an attempt to slip by at the end  of the week, with Members of the Senate wanting to get home, the  nomination and confirmation of a man who stands for just the opposite  of what the credentials of a candidate to run the EPA should be.   We have a massive wind revolution in our country. We have 260,000  people now working in the solar industry in America. There are 50,000  coal miners, 260,000 people in solar, and 100,000 people in wind. Most  of the wind and solar jobs were created over the last 10 years. Which  direction does President Trump go? Which direction does Scott Pruitt  go? Which direction will Andrew Wheeler, the heir apparent to Scott  Pruitt, go? It goes toward coal and not wind, not solar, not renewable  energy, not this greatest creation of blue-collar jobs in two  generations in a single job sector.   Two percent of all new workers in America last year were solar  workers who got hired, and they are good jobs. Who are they? They are  electricians up on the roof. They are people who are carpenters. They  are putting together the equipment. They are blue-collar workers. They  are high-paying, secure, long-term jobs.   The President, however, looks to the coal industry with 50,000 coal  miners and says: I am going to put in place a man who is committed to  protecting that industry while destroying the wind, the solar, and the  renewable industry in general and by saying to the automotive industry  that you do not have to any longer increase dramatically the fuel  economy standards of the vehicles which we drive in our country.   Elon Musk and all these smart, technologically savvy people in our  country who are reinventing the way in which we drive are being told:  No, the standard is too high. Your goal cannot be achieved. We are  going to roll back those goals. That is Scott Pruitt. That is Andrew  Wheeler. That is Donald Trump. That is what this debate is about here  on the floor. It is a debate about the future of our country. It is a  debate about the future of our planet.   [[Page S2102]]  It is about the future, about the direction in which we are going to be  heading. Are we going to be looking at the world through a rearview  mirror, back toward a technology of the 19th century, coal, or are we  going to be looking toward the future? That future is one of solar and  wind, renewable energy, and all-electric vehicles. It is a revolution  that saves the planet, creates jobs, protects our security by backing  out of importing oil from other countries.    The fuel economy standards in our country that are on the books right  now that Scott Pruitt and Donald Trump want to roll back, back out 3\1/ 2\ million barrels of oil a day that we never have to import from OPEC  and the Middle East. Do you know how many barrels of oil we import each  day from the Middle East? Three and one-half million barrels of oil.  That should be our goal.   Right now, the President is debating whether he should have more  missile strikes in Syria in the Middle East and what the impact would  be in Iran and Saudi Arabia, but, meanwhile, simultaneously, out here  on the floor, we are debating a nominee who is going to be the hand- picked successor to Scott Pruitt to water down those fuel economy  standards, water down that protection, which were given to young men  and women so they will not have to go over to the Middle East in order  to protect those ships of oil which come into our country. That is just  morally indefensible when we know these revolutions are moving, they  are creating jobs, and they are working.   That is why this nomination today goes right to the heart of the  future of our country and the future of our planet. That is who Andrew  Wheeler is. He represents the worst of what this Trump administration  is trying to do to our country.   We should be the leader, not the lagger. We should be the point of  light for the planet, going to a goal that we know can then be  exploited around the rest of the world. That is what the 21st century  should be all about, where children have to look back in the history  books to find that there ever was a time when we were burning coal that  was polluting the lungs of children and the planet, when we had a  chance to move toward wind, solar, renewable energy, and all-electric  vehicles. That should be our goal today. That is why I urge, in the  strongest possible terms, a rejection of his nomination.   We should be having a full-blown debate, not this truncated process  that is being imposed upon us here today. This is just plain wrong.  This nomination is too important. This is the heart of what the green  generation in America wants us to debate. Which way are we going,  backward or forward? Which way are we going, toward a clean planet or a  further polluting of the planet?   In his encyclical, Pope Francis made it very clear, No. 1, that the  world is dangerously wanting; No. 2, that it is being caused largely by  human activity; and, No. 3, that we have a moral responsibility to do  something about it as the principal polluter over the last 100 years;  because, No. 4, those who are going to be most adversely affected are  the poorest and most vulnerable on the planet, and we have to do  something about it.   That is why a ``no'' vote today is correct, because Andrew Wheeler is  going to take us in the wrong direction, just the opposite of where  Pope Francis urges us to go.   I yield the rest of my time to Senator Carper.   