 Madam President, I would just say to my friend the  majority leader, that is exactly what I intend to do--to be fair,  respectful, and talk with and have a conversation with the nominee and  then exercise my judgment of what is in the best interest of the  country as well as my State of Florida.    Just last week, the Army Corps of Engineers announced  that additional money, the $514 million in disaster supplemental  funding for the Herbert Hoover Dike, and that will complete that  project earlier than 2025, accelerating completion to 2022, as Senator  Rubio and I had requested. This funding is on top of what we have  already spent over a decade and a half--$1 billion shoring up the dike.  This didn't happen just yesterday. This happened 15, 20 years ago, and  we have already spent $1 billion.    We are going to get it accelerated all the way to 2022. That is  coming in time. While getting that additional funding to speed up work  on the dike is certainly good news, it is important to remember that  fixing the dike is important for public safety, to protect the  communities that are living around Lake Okeechobee. It is not the  solution to ending the discharges, and it is not solving the algae  crisis. It is one step on the road to try to stop all of this algae  bloom that occurs every year.   Once that dike is fully repaired, the Army Corps then expects to be  able to store about 6 more inches of water. In a big lake like that,  that is a lot of water. That is good news because that flexibility  helps, especially during the algae bloom breakouts, because you can  hold more water back in the lake and you don't have to dump it into the  St. Lucie or the Caloosahatchee. The only way to end those damaging  discharges is to move ahead with Everglades restoration projects north  of the lake, as well as the projects designed to take water from the  lake, clean it, and send it south, as Mother Nature initially intended  it to go.   That is why we need to get critical projects like the Central  Everglades Planning Project and the new reservoir in the Everglades  Agricultural Area south of the lake moving as fast as we can. To do  that, we need more than the small amount the President has requested  for next year. In fact, we need upward of $200 million a year to really  start making progress in restoring the Everglades.   Voters in Florida overwhelmingly passed a constitutional amendment to  dedicate a portion of the documentary stamp tax to land acquisition for  environmental projects. Florida is sensitive to the environment, and  that is why the voters voted an increase in the documentary stamp tax  for themselves. What happened is that the government of the State of  Florida hasn't been using that money for what the people intended when  they voted in a referendum. Instead of using that money as it was  intended, the State of Florida is trying to divert it to other  purposes, such as filling in budget shortages or employees' salaries or  other items unrelated to environmental expenses, and now we have suits  that have tied all that up in litigation. It is further distracting  from the overall goal of restoring the Everglades.   The Federal Government should take the lead and do what is right. We  should move forward and fully fund the ongoing Everglades restoration  projects. We also need to get the House of Representatives to pass the  harmful algal bloom reauthorization bill, which was introduced by this  Senator, and the Senate passed it unanimously a year ago. This bill  would reauthorize  [[Page S4834]]  funding for the Federal task force that is studying the harmful algae  blooms like the one I have been describing here.   I hope every Member of the Florida delegation--especially those who  are in areas where water is allowing algae to bloom--will join this  Senator in calling on the Speaker of the House to take up and pass this  important bill in the House. We need to do it fast while all of this  algae is blooming, and that would be before the House goes out in  recess for their August break. Time is critical.   Again, I want to show you what this algae looks like. You can see  these thick chunks on the surface of the water where it almost looks  like a blue-green carpet. When that algae dies, you can't believe the  smell that comes from it. We must act, and the time to act is now.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   