 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4061.  Among other important provisions, a key component of this bill is the  creation of a new subsection K within Sec. 113 of the Dodd Frank Act.  This section calls on FSOC to consider ``the imposition of prudential  standards as opposed to other forms of regulation to mitigate the  identified risks.'' I am confident that members of both parties in the  House and the Senate share the common goal of avoiding future financial  crises--our debates since the enactment of Dodd Frank have been around  how best to achieve this overarching goal. That's why I believe that if  we were considering language today calling on all financial regulators,  both state and Federal, to meet on an ongoing basis, to compare notes  and make recommendations on steps that each agency could take to  achieve this goal, it would pass by unanimous consent.   Asset managers, insurers, and other financial intermediaries serve a  critical role in helping our constituents manage the financial risks  they will face throughout their lives and meet their financial needs  and objectives. Managing assets, whether personal or as part of a  retirement plan such as a 401(k), has increasingly become the  responsibility of individuals who are well served by asset managers and  the products they provide. And managing longevity and mortality risks  are just two areas of expertise that insurers are uniquely situated to  help. I think we would agree these essential products and services  should be well regulated, but in an efficient manner that allows  providers the room to innovate and serve their customers' needs   New subsection K of this bill is a charge for regulators to act, on  an ongoing basis, to take the steps necessary to help companies operate  in a safe and sound manner as the first line of defense against future  economic stress. In other words, this bill encourages regulators to  determine what activities are potentially risky, using, among other  tools, the process set forth in section 120 of the Dodd Frank Act, and  calls on the appropriate prudential regulator to ensure they  appropriately address such activities on an ongoing basis. This  approach makes eminent sense, can help prevent a future crisis, and I  am pleased to support this provision and the entire legislation.   