 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Burgess), as well as the good gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Hastings), because I want to take just a minute.   I think it is appropriate at this time during this debate on a rule  to remember Ms. Louise Slaughter, our ranking member of the Rules  Committee, a historical position. She was the very first woman to be  the chairman of the Rules Committee. She gave three decades of service  to our Nation through the U.S. Congress. As importantly--or, to me,  more importantly--she was someone whom I consider a personal friend.    Louise was an individual who I said yesterday could really transcend  between politics and personal relationships. We had some very heated  debates--a good example is today--and very strong differences of  opinions, but we can do that. That is our job to do that. But Louise  also taught us that we could do that without being negative to each  other in a personal way. She was great at that. She embodied and  personified the ability to have an objection without being  objectionable, and I admired that greatly about her.   She was a senior Member and I was a very junior Member. She didn't  have to do this, but in many ways she took me under her wing when I  became a Member of Congress. We served on the Rules Committee together,  and I very much relished that relationship that we had.   Another thing that we had in common was we joined a very exclusive  club, one that several other Members of this body belong to, and that  is those people who have lost their spouses. When I was going through  that very personally difficult time, Louise  [[Page H1708]]  had the similar experience. She was very gracious to me to be able to  help me through that very difficult time. We exchanged books. Many  Members of Congress have read books by C.S. Lewis. Louise and I had  many discussions about some of the things in some of his writings. In  kind of a funny way, as she would do in manipulating me into thinking I  was helping her, she was actually having me help myself through that  very challenging time. I will always be forever grateful to her for  doing that.   She stood strong, and she was a formidable opponent. When she was  managing the rule for the Democrats on the other side of the floor, it  was always a challenging task, and you had to be on your game when you  were on this side making the debate with her.   I count myself very fortunate to have been able to know her and to  have been able to work with her. I join together with all of my  colleagues and her family to be able to remember her and honor her  memory; and I will continue to do so, as she has truly left a large  mark on this institution.   