 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for  yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5236, the Main Street  Employment Act of 2018, that will help employee-owned companies.   Employee ownership is an important part of helping workers build  wealth. In addition to the income gap in this country, we also have a  wealth gap. When a company does well, everybody should do well, not  just the investors.   This bill helps promote employee-owned businesses by making changes  to the Small Business Administration's loan program that helps  employee-owned businesses access capital. It is currently a barrier in  the rules that actually gives a disadvantage to employee-owned  businesses, when, as a society, as a Nation, we should be encouraging  employee ownership.   The SBA Loan Guarantee Program is often the only financing that many  small businesses can get early on to get off the ground. This bill  would open up SBA lending for cooperatives, which we often call co-ops,  and also strengthens the lending program for ESOPs, which is another  form of employee-owned company.   There is a very successful ESOP in the district I am honored to  represent called New Belgium Brewery that makes among the best beer in  the world.    This bill also creates a small business employee ownership and  cooperative program, which helps employers and employees understand how  to create employee-owned businesses, providing some of the help for  succession planning, coordinating with other programs  [[Page H3812]]  to help employee-owned businesses succeed.   Employee-owned businesses are anchor businesses in our communities.  They provide good, stable jobs and help employees build value and  wealth over time and participate in the governance of the company. They  align the incentives of workers with owners and management and are good  for overall economic productivity as well.   This bill builds on the bipartisan language that I helped secure in  the omnibus appropriations bill directing the SBA to encourage employee  ownership. Passing this bill will make those changes in the 1-year  spending bill that expires September 30 permanent.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support this very important  piece of bipartisan legislation.   