 Mr. President, I am here with the Senator from Oklahoma-- and we are about to be joined by the Senator from Iowa--to talk about  the topic Senator Lankford just said is difficult to talk about. When  you actually stand up and explain what is going on, it is hard to  imagine that we still let these things happen.   I would suggest to the Senator from Oklahoma that we could talk about  the fact that the minds of people have changed on this issue. Almost  all change their minds once we explain the two things the Congress is  focused on this year. Polling on this shows that I believe 63 percent  of all Americans now believe that these late-term abortions should not  be allowed to occur.   As Senator Lankford pointed out so well, the countries that allow  this to happen are not the countries whose social policies we would  want to be aligned with, including China and North Korea, which have a  stated purpose of eliminating children for no other reason than just  population control, and they wind up eliminating more female children  than male children in that process because apparently their belief is  that the male child has more economic value going forward. Why would we  want to be aligned with countries that look at these issues that way or  just simply think the pain should be allowed?   The House has passed the pain-capable bill. Where are we now in the  House on the born-alive bill? Is it to be voted on this week, or has it  been voted on already?    Mr. President, I think the pain-capable bill was passed by  the House in October.   We have thousands of Americans coming this week, focusing on  tomorrow, to talk about this issue. These two bills are two of their  priorities, but of course their priority is to honor life. The March  for Life is designed to do exactly that.   Clearly, the March for Life--now in its 45th year--is not a  celebration. It is not an anniversary or a celebration; rather, it is a  time to remember that there is a lot that we still need to do to ensure  that our society is a society that values every human life no matter  how small, no matter how vulnerable, no matter how little capacity that  life has to protect itself. And the way that society, I think, has  decided to deal with this is looking at things like partial-birth  abortion, the description of which was every bit as bad as the  dismembering abortions, but Congress stepped forward on that topic.  Some people who performed that particular act didn't stop doing it, but  they are in trouble when you find out they have done it.   So thousands of people from all over the country--in fact, tens of  thousands of people; it is a number that I believe is always  underreported. Based on looking at the March for Life crowd and any  other crowds we see here, I guarantee that the final number--if you  take any of those crowds and look at them, I believe there is a  willingness to ignore the thousands of people who come in buses from  all over the country, in the worst possible weather more years than  not, to stand up and say: We don't want this to happen.   I think young people are increasingly more and more defensive of the  idea of  [[Page S273]]  life and more and more offended about the places where we have chosen  not to draw the line. How can you possibly justify a baby who is born  alive and the process that Senator Lankford just described where you  can't take that life but you can step back and not do anything to save  that life, or the uniquely troubled countries we are involved in that  allow developed children--boys and girls, 10 fingers, 10 toes, the  ability to feel pain--to inflict that pain on those children at that  time.   The American people don't support this. Almost nobody who understands  what is going on supports it. But if you are asked in polling, I think,  as I said earlier, 63 percent--more than 6 out of 10 Americans--say:  How can we be continuing to let that happen?   So supporting those who come here, responding to those who understand  this--and certainly the two Senators on the floor here--the Senator  from Iowa and the Senator from Oklahoma are among the best advocates  for life, among the best advocates for getting information out about  life, about adoption, about what happens and what our laws allow and  the laws of other countries don't allow.   Certainly I will be welcoming the March for Life this year in  Missouri and other States. The Vice President last year became the  first Vice President in the history of the country to speak to March  for Life and made it clear where his views were and where the  administration stands.   The missing component here to do the right thing is in Congress  itself. We have an opportunity to step up and do that. We need to have  this debate on the floor because people, once they enter into this  debate, realize it is not a debate that they want to be in, because the  wrong side of this is the side where slightly more than a handful of  countries allow it to happen, what we allow to happen.   I am pleased to be here on the floor with Senator Lankford and  Senator Ernst.   I yield to the Senator from Iowa.   