 Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentleman from  California for his kind words on behalf of my legislation and on behalf  of John Adams in particular.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Guam, Ms. Bordallo,  for yielding this time.  [[Page H6624]]    Mr. Speaker, I rise to express strong support for my bill, H.R. 1220,  the Adams Memorial Commission Act. This bipartisan legislation  establishes the Adams Memorial Commission, which, as the chairman  recognized, will consider, formulate, report plans for a memorial here  in Washington, D.C., honoring John Adams and his profound and lasting  legacy in the history of the United States.   The bipartisan Adams Memorial Commission will be composed of four  Presidential appointees, four members of the Senate and four members of  the House of Representatives. The commission will be required to report  its recommendations for the nature, location, design, and construction  of a fitting memorial to the President and the Congress and will then  provide annual reports on the memorial's progress.   Mr. Speaker, it is important to keep in mind the lasting legacy of  John Adams' family and their service to our Nation and his prominent  role in our Nation's history. John Adams was one of the most  influential Founding Fathers of the United States.   Born in 1735 in Braintree, Massachusetts, a section of which is now  known as Quincy, John Adams was educated at Harvard and spent his early  career as a lawyer. Later on as a leader of the American Revolution,  John Adams served as a delegate to both the First and Second  Continental Congresses, and was regarded as the leading voice  championing independence from Great Britain.   Adams' prominent role in our Nation's formation of laws is still  recognized to this day. In fact, one great benefit I had as a  Massachusetts legislator coming here to Washington, D.C., is John Adams  drafted the rules of the House in Massachusetts, which we adopted here  in our Nation's Capitol in this Congress, which still stand today.   Adams not only helped draft the Declaration of Independence, but also  authored the constitution of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, which  is the oldest written constitution still in place today.   After serving as U.S. representative to France and the Netherlands  during the Revolutionary War, Adams became the first vice president  under President George Washington. In 1796, Adams was elected the  second President of the United States and in 1800 became the first  occupant of the White House.   John Adams' legacy was instilled through his entire family. John's  wife, Abigail, is known as an advocate for women's rights, and his son,  John Quincy Adams, later served as our Nation's sixth President, and  his family legacy goes on.   While commemorative works have been established for former  Presidents, including George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and Abraham  Lincoln here in Washington, D.C., John Adams and his legacy are notably  not represented in our Nation's capital, and that is a gap that we seek  to cure.   Mr. Speaker, this memorial is long overdue. President Adams was a  remarkable leader and a steadfast public servant. It is a glaring  oversight that there is no memorial in our Nation's capital honoring  John Adams and his family for their role in shaping our Nation.   H.R. 1220 would complement the important work that the Adams Memorial  Foundation has accomplished over the years.    So as Members of Congress, I ask that we should pass this bipartisan  bill and begin the process of establishing the commemorative memorial  that President Adams and his family rightly deserve, that they rightly,  by their courage and service, have earned.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the bipartisan cosponsors of this bill, I thank  you, Mr. Speaker, for your courtesy, and the kind words by the chairman  from California and Ms. Bordallo, and I thank the bipartisan sponsors  of this bill, and urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  stand in favor of and pass H.R. 1220.   