 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend Chairman Goodlatte for  introducing this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, this bill we are considering is, obviously, as you heard  from both sides, a great piece of legislation that will ensure American  victims of international terrorism can obtain justice in U.S. courts by  holding accountable those who commit, aid, or abet terrorist activity  abroad.   I have long been fighting for victims of terrorism. In fact, in 2014,  I introduced legislation that would allow victims of narcoterrorism to  recover court-awarded damages. A version of the bill, known as the  CAPTIVE Act, passed the House by unanimous consent in 2016.   I am ecstatic that we have a bill that seeks to help a number of  victims, including those I have been fighting for since 2014.   On February 13, 2003, four Americans who were Department of Defense  contractors on a U.S. Government counternarcotics flight mission in  Colombia were shot down by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia,  also known as FARC. It is a violent guerilla gang heavily involved in  narcotics trafficking.   The pilot, Tom Janis, who was immediately executed by the terrorists,  and three Floridians, Keith Stansell, Mark Gonsalves, and Tom Howes,  who is my constituent, were kidnapped, held hostage in the jungle, and  tortured for more than 5\1/2\ years until they were rescued by the  Colombian army. These heroes are seeking long-deserved justice for  themselves and their families against those who carried out unthinkable  acts of violence.   Today, victims cannot access frozen assets under the Kingpin Act. The  bill before us, the Anti-terrorism Clarification Act, would change that  by finally closing the loophole to allow these former hostages and the  family of the slain pilot access to the assets of narcotics-trafficking  partners of the foreign terrorist organization FARC and other  organizations that are frozen under the Kingpin Act. We owe it to these  brave Americans and others, and their families, to make them whole  again.    Mr. Speaker, it is a simple piece of legislation. It would make it  easier for all victims of narcoterrorism to recover court-awarded  damages. I urge support.   