 Mr. President, only in Washington, DC, and perhaps  only in the walls of this Capitol, is net neutrality regarded as a  partisan issue. Only here are there accusations that the left or the  right favor a position on net neutrality. In the rest of America, net  neutrality is bipartisan; in fact, nonpolitical. It is the lifeblood of  the internet. It is the animating principle that enables companies and  individuals to have equal access to the internet without blocking,  discriminating, price gouging, or favoring of some companies at the  expense of others.   In fact, in legislatures across the country, like Connecticut, there  have been proposals to do there what we are seeking to do here; that  is, to preserve an open internet in accordance with the open internet  order, which has been rolled back by the FCC. Strong net neutrality  rules are accepted across the country on both sides of the aisle in  State legislatures and State governments, in board rooms, and in all  the communities where people come together seeking to communicate and  use the internet in the highest and best way it can be used. One  example, in New Haven, is SeeClickFix. SeeClickFix is a New Haven  company that helps citizens communicate with their local governments to  improve their community. The internet's incredible economic success and  this company's have been made possible because it is a free and open  platform. This company has a good idea. It can put that good idea to  work, helping people make their local and State governments work better  and be more responsive.   That success story has been repeated countless times because of net  neutrality and the open internet. We are here to stop maligned  rulemaking run amok. The FCC, under the leadership of its Chairman,  has, in effect, rolled back the progress that was made with the open  internet order. It defied 10 years of evidence and the pattern of  market consolidation and merger that endangered the open internet. It  defied evidence of discrimination that was taken over the rulemaking  process, and it basically ignored a court order upholding the open  internet order--a court order that was the result of indepth and  determined litigation to stop that order, and that effort was rejected.   The Justice Department has shown, from AT&T's own internal documents,  that it sought to use its merger with Time Warner to raise prices and  to hinder competition from online video services. A proposed merger  between T-Mobile and Sprint threatens to further reduce scarce  competition in wireless. Big broadband companies have more financial  incentive and less market deterrence to obstruct competition than ever  before.   Chairman Pai's plan would enable those broadband companies holding  near-monopolies over access to consolidate even more power. If  broadband companies are able to block, throttle, or charge fees for  certain applications on websites, the result will be higher pricing,  less innovation, and fewer new products. Reversal of net neutrality is  a consumer's worst nightmare, but it is also a nightmare for small  businesses and for competition and innovation and creativity in  America.   I urge my colleagues to support S.J. Res. 52, the resolution of  disapproval of the FCC's disastrous plan to roll back net neutrality.  It is vital to protecting consumers and small businesses, preserving  the open internet, and upholding the integrity of the rulemaking  process.   If this effort fails to succeed, the challenge in the courts will  overturn Chairman Pai's rollback of net neutrality because he embarked  on a preordained purpose without proper rulemaking to overturn the rule  adopted by the FCC before he became Chairman. When he initiated that  process, he promised an ``open and transparent process,'' but the  outcome was predetermined from the start. That is not the way  rulemaking should occur. That is why the courts will overturn it, and  that is why we should be protected and proactive in this body and pass  S.J. Res. 52.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my  legislative fellow Collin Anderson be granted floor privileges until  the end of June 2018.   