 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  want to recognize and thank the gentleman from Texas for his leadership  on this issue as well as for his leadership as chairman of the  Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection.   As the cofounder and co-chair of the Congressional Cybersecurity  Caucus, which I have co-led for a decade with my good friend Chairman  McCaul, I firmly believe that cybersecurity is the national and  economic security issue of the 21st century. I believe it is,  therefore, incumbent upon us as Members of Congress to enable the  government to take the steps needed to protect our systems and to  provide some course correction when necessary.   This bill does both, authorizing the Continuous Diagnostics and  Mitigation, or CDM, program and requiring a strategy from the  Department of Homeland Security to guide its future growth. CDM  represents a core component of the Department's efforts to better  secure the dot-gov domain. In particular, by giving agencies a better  view into their networks, systems, and data, it helps provide an  understanding of cybersecurity status in real time.    It also feeds back data to DHS, so that cybersecurity specialists at  the National Protection and Programs Directorate can better assist  agencies in closing vulnerabilities and responding to incidents.   Conceptually, CDM makes a lot of sense, but it has not been without  challenges in implementation. Originally designed with a phased model  that focused on incorporating new sets of tools at each milestone, it  has fallen behind schedule, and many agencies have expressed skepticism  about the program's utility.   I believe in CDM, and I believe that the congressional direction  provided by Mr. Ratcliffe's bill will help dispel some of these doubts.  I also believe that the strategy can further help refocus the program  on the present and future needs of Federal networks. So I am pleased  that, during the committee  [[Page H7795]]  consideration, my amendment requiring a re-examination of the phasing  plan was adopted.   While I appreciate the thought underlying the original phasing  approach, I believe that we make more progress if the planned phase 3  and phase 4 are constructed in parallel rather than serially.   This is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage.  However, I must take this opportunity to mention this bill's major  omission. It does not address the incentive structure at other agencies  to actually adopt CDM offerings. During hearings and roundtables on the  program, we often heard from government stakeholders that internal  dynamics at DHS' sister agencies were actually the biggest obstacle to  the program's success.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   This is, to be sure, outside the purview of the Committee on Homeland  Security, and I believe the bill before us will materially improve the  program.   One other thing, I urge my colleagues to consider the wisdom of  having so many committees involved with cybersecurity jurisdiction,  often to the detriment of making real progress. Right now, there are  some 30 committees and subcommittees that have jurisdiction over cyber,  and it is very difficult to get things done. So I also urge my  colleagues to look at the Executive Cyberspace Coordination Act, which  would put a Senate-confirmed director of cybersecurity at the White  House to help better coordinate interagency processes. Dealing with  these jurisdictional problems would substantially improve our  cybersecurity posture and would allow CDM to fully live up to its  potential.   With that, I would like to again thank Ranking Member Thompson and  Chairmen McCaul and Ratcliffe for continuing their focus on  cybersecurity. I strongly urge support for H.R. 6443. I commend  Chairman Ratcliffe for introducing the bill, and I certainly hope all  Members will support it and DHS' ongoing cybersecurity efforts.   