 Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from  Hawaii for her comments. She has had a strong voice of reason and  conscience throughout this whole debate.   This is not a normal confirmation vote. I have now served in the  Senate for 19 Supreme Court nominations, more than any other Senator. I  have never seen so much at stake with a single seat. I have never seen  this much at stake precisely because this is about so much more than  one seat. Indeed, the integrity of two of the three coequal branches of  our Republic is at stake. This vote will decide whether the U.S.  Senate--which, at its best, can serve as the conscience of the Nation-- causes the Supreme Court to be indelibly tainted in the eyes of  millions of Americans, perhaps more than half of the country.   To be clear, my opposition to Judge Kavanaugh is not because he was  nominated by a Republican President. In my 44 years in the Senate, I  have voted for more Republican-appointed judges than almost every  single Republican Senator serving today. That includes, of course,  voting to confirm Chief Justice John Roberts. But Judge Kavanaugh is  not a typical conservative nominee. My opposition is driven by my firm  belief that his confirmation will bring great harm to the court, to  this body, and to millions of hard-working Americans.   Judge Kavanaugh has been relentlessly dishonest under oath. I am not  just referring to the fact that he was not telling the truth about his  high school drinking or the obvious misogyny in his yearbook or whether  he is ``Bart O'Kavanaugh,'' who passed out from drunkenness. All of  that, of course, does speak to his credibility, as he concocted far- fetched story after far-fetched story, all to avoid conceding facts  that would corroborate the Brett Kavanaugh as described by Dr. Ford and  Ms. Ramirez.   But it is much more than that--much, much more than that. Every  single time Judge Kavanaugh has testified before the Senate--in 2004,  in 2006, and twice in 2018--he has misled and dissembled. On issues big  and small, anytime he has been faced with questions that are  incriminating, or would place  [[Page S6689]]  him in the middle of controversy, he has shown that he cannot be  trusted to tell the truth. He misled the Senate. Following questions by  both Republicans and Democrats, he misled the Senate about his role in  a hacking scandal and thefts from the U.S. Senate. He misled the Senate  about his role in confirming several controversial judicial nominees  and in shaping the legal justifications for some of the Bush  administration's most extreme and eventually discredited policies. I  have never seen a nominee so casually willing to evade and deny the  truth in service of his own raw ambition. For decades, that ambition  has let him, step after step, evade the truth if it is in any way going  to stop his ambitions.   The truth is, we are just beginning to learn about Judge Kavanaugh's  dishonesty under oath. His false testimony during his 2004 and 2006  confirmation hearings only came to light as the Judiciary Committee  obtained some of his White House emails--some because Senate  Republicans blocked access to 90 percent--90 percent--of his White  House records. Compare that to when Justice Kagan was here, we made  sure that Republicans and Democrats had 99 percent of her records, and  they were briefed on the remaining 1 percent. Here, 90 percent was  blocked. So everything we have learned about his prior dishonesty comes  from just 10 percent of his record. Many more of these records are  eventually going to become public after today. In fact, I joined a  lawsuit, led by Senator Blumenthal, to force the National Archives to  release these records. So if 10 percent of his records show dishonesty,  what are the chances that the other 90 percent do not contain  additional evidence of Judge Kavanaugh's dishonesty under oath? I would  say the chance is about zero.   It is not just Judge Kavanaugh's veracity that is disqualifying; it  is also his temperament and his partisan zeal. When Brett Kavanaugh was  nominated to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals in 2004, he was known  only as a hyper-partisan political operative. Because he was seen as so  hyperpolitical, it took 2 years to get him confirmed. Since Judge  Kavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme Court, I had wondered whether his  earlier partisan zeal that held him up for 2 years has remained.   Well, it was confirmed last week that it does remain. I have never  seen a nominee, either Republican or Democrat, so consumed by partisan  rancor. In testimony that veered into a tirade, he angrily attacked  Senators and dismissed Dr. Ford's testimony as part of a smear campaign  to ruin his name and sink his nomination. His conspiratorial  ramblings--attributing the allegations to ``revenge on behalf of the  Clintons,'' wherever that came from--were an insult to Dr. Ford and to  survivors of sexual violence everywhere. It is not how a patron of the  President of the United States continues to deride victims of sexual  violence.   Former Justice John Paul Stevens, a Republican appointee--actually,  he was the first nominee I was able to vote on as a U.S. Senator, and I  voted for him. This Republican appointee, well-respected Supreme Court  Justice, declared that Judge Kavanaugh's unhinged performance last week  demonstrates ``potential bias.'' Justice Stevens said that ``for the  good of the Court,'' Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation ought not to  proceed. Just yesterday, contrary to the statements made on the floor  of the Senate, the American Bar Association announced that it is  reopening its evaluation of Judge Kavanaugh's fitness to serve as a  judge. These developments--both unprecedented--should serve as flashing  red warning signs to any Senator inclined to vote yes at this time.   And there are more flashing red signs.   Dr. Ford's credible and compelling testimony captivated the Nation  and inspired survivors of sexual violence across the country. Every  minute of her testimony was credible. She disclosed the abuse long  before Judge Kavanaugh was a household name. She remembered vivid  details of that night. She expressed 100 percent certainty that Judge  Kavanaugh was her abuser. In a moment that I will never forget, when I  asked her: Doctor, what is your strongest memory--something that she  could not forget--she testified: ``Indelible in the hippocampus is the  laughter, the uproarious laughter between the two'' as a teenage Brett  Kavanaugh and a friend drunkenly assaulted Dr. Ford.   Dr. Ford had nothing to gain by coming forward. I believe her, just  as I believed Anita Hill. In my view, no one who truly believes Dr.  Ford can credibly justify voting yes. Unfortunately, the Senate appears  to be on the brink of failing Dr. Ford, just as it will fail Ms.  Ramirez, and just as it failed Anita Hill.   The FBI investigation completed over the last few days falls short of  any standard. And it fell short by design. We have already heard about  its deficiencies from Dr. Ford, Ms. Ramirez, and numerous other  witnesses who attempted, unsuccessfully, to share relevant information  with the FBI.   Senate Republican leadership in the White House did everything in  their power to ensure this investigation was not a search for truth but  rather a search for cover. Even a basic search for the truth would have  allowed the FBI to interview Judge Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford, as well as  her husband and her therapist. A search for truth would have allowed  the FBI to view numerous high school and college classmates who come  forward saying they could provide information about Judge Kavanaugh's  conduct during those years that was consistent with the allegation.   A search for the truth would have allowed the FBI to interview a man  who wrote a sworn statement asserting he could corroborate Ms.  Ramirez's allegations or two women who contacted authorities with  evidence that Judge Kavanaugh tried to head off Ms. Ramirez's story  before it became public. That was in clear contradiction to his  testimony before the Judiciary Committee. A search for the truth would  have allowed the FBI to at least speak with Julie Swetnick, a third  accuser.   As Vermonters said to me last weekend when I was home, if they have  nothing to hide, why the rush? If they have nothing to hide, why don't  they take the time to find the whole truth?   Instead of calling on the FBI to take these basic investigatory  steps, inexplicably, the Republican-controlled Judiciary Committee has  solely tried to discredit these women. The committee released a  statement from a former acquaintance of Ms. Swetnick. This individual  had no knowledge of the alleged incident but instead wanted to describe  the alleged sexual preferences of Ms. Swetnick. According to the  National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence--one of the  most nonpartisan and respected voices on Capitol Hill--this shameless  attempt to smear the victim violates the intent of the Rape Shield law.   Look what happened. On the one hand, you have the President of the  United States at a rally trying to shame the victim, who, of course, is  a woman. Then, on the other hand, we have Ms. Swetnick, who has never  even been interviewed by the FBI. She was ignored. She was silenced.  Then, to follow the routine of this administration, she was shamed. It  is outrageous she has been treated that way.   Republicans have also claimed the other individuals Dr. Ford  identified at the gathering where she was assaulted have refuted her  testimony. These Republicans know that is false. Those individuals  stated publicly they do not recall the event.   As Dr. Ford told the Judiciary Committee, this is not surprising, as  ``it was a very unremarkable party . . . because nothing remarkable  happened to them that evening.'' One of these individuals has said  publicly she believes Dr. Ford.   Republicans have claimed the investigation failed to review core  objective evidence for any of these allegations. Despite the numerous  restrictions placed on this investigation, that simply is not true, but  a predicate fact for developing thorough corroborating evidence is a  thorough investigation. This investigation fell far short. When I was a  prosecutor, I never would have allowed an investigation to have left  out so many salient points. It is a disservice to Ms. Ford, Ms.  Ramirez, Ms. Swetnick. It is a disservice to survivors everywhere.   The manic rush to place Judge Kavanaugh on the bench was more  important to many in this Senate than these women. Pushing toward  confirmation while so many leads remain unexamined will forever taint a  Justice  [[Page S6690]]  Kavanaugh, and, unfortunately, the Supreme Court itself.   Yet truth can be dogged. It has a way of coming out, eventually. For  any Senator who votes yes while troubling new developments in this  nominee are occurring in real time, it will be on their conscience when  more disqualifying information later emerges--and it will. I urge them  to think carefully about what a ``yes'' vote would mean to the  legitimacy of the Supreme Court, to the integrity of the Senate, and to  the increasing divisiveness in our Nation.   As partisan as this process has been, this is not a partisan dilemma.  Many prominent conservatives will make a fine Supreme Court Justice. As  I said at the beginning of my speech, I voted for more Republican  nominees than almost any Republican Senator in this body, but these  other people would not cast a shadow over the Supreme Court and a  shadow over the U.S. Senate. Judge Kavanaugh is not that choice. To  avoid risking permanent damage in the integrity of our institution as a  government, I urge Senators to join me in voting no on Judge  Kavanaugh's nomination.   I yield the floor.   