 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I would just note that the Orderly Liquidation Authority  is an authority to bail out big banks, consistent with the bailout that  the ranking member voted for in, I believe, 2008, that the chairman, I  believe, voted against.   When we talk about those who use rhetoric to say they don't support  big banks, but then actually vote for them, I think that is a hard note  to take.   But I rise today to support H.R. 4545, the Financial Institutions  Examination Fairness and Reform Act, a bipartisan measure introduced by  Mr. Tipton.   This bill would amend the Federal Financial Institutions Examination  Council Act of 1978, a long time ago, by updating the definition of  financial institutions, establishing new requirements for the final  examination report process, and creating an office of independent  examination review, giving some independence here, some common sense.   These updates are critical because, in 1994, Congress directed  Federal regulators to establish an independent intra-agency appellate  process for institutions to seek the review of examination ratings,  adequacy of loan loss reserve, and clarifications on loans.   I agree that these entities should be reviewed to ensure that they  are financially sound. We want to make sure that we prevent failure so  we don't have folks across the aisle voting for bailouts. However, we  are hearing from our community financial institutions, the ones that  serve most of my district in Wisconsin, that the avenues needed to  appeal these determinations are limited. The process is secretive, and  the regulators are overempowered.   The intra-agency review process has also been criticized as not being  independent because the regulatory determinations are reviewed, not by  a third party, but by the employees of the same regulator handing down  the verdict. So this is the judge, the jury, and the executioner.   I was a prosecutor, and when I presented a case to a jury and they  found someone guilty, I didn't make the defendant appeal the verdict to  the same jury that found him guilty. They have got to go to a third- party appellate process, independent reviewers. That is the way the  American system works and should work in this scenario as well.   Our community bankers explained that they feel victimized. They feel  retribution for challenging the outcomes of these exams, and that is a  bad thing. Add to the fear the fact that these examinations lack  transparency, and now we have real problems to contend with which is  why the solution is so bipartisan. The chairman mentioned 16 Democrats  on the committee voted for this commonsense piece of legislation.   That is why the bill is so important. It will embolden our community  banks by creating an independent auditor to ensure fairness and  transparency.    Mr. Speaker, this bill ensures that there is an open forum  for these institutions to discuss the examination procedures,  practices, and policies without fear of reprisals. It gives them a  little bit of freedom.   Importantly, the office would also review regulators' procedures to  make sure that their written examination policies are being followed  and adhered to.   Lastly, the bill would provide a right to a hearing upon appeal. The  decision as to whether the appeal is heard on the record will be left  to the petitioner. Again, you are getting due process. We want due  process. That is something we all fight for. No one disagrees on that.  Why can't we offer that to our small community banks and credit unions  that oftentimes feel victimized? This is a bipartisan bill.   This is common sense, and I would encourage my good friend, the  ranking member--who I like so much--to join us and let's get something  done for small community banks.   