 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for organizing this  time on the floor today to focus on the opioid crisis in our country.   For many years, telehealth has been a priority for me as a critical  way to deliver healthcare services to patients across the country.  Through my work as chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and  Investigations, I now view telehealth as an important part of the  solution to the opioid crisis, as it increases patient access to needed  treatments and improves outcomes through the availability of better  healthcare services to more patients.    Congresswoman Matsui of California and I have been working on  drafting a bill to increase access to substance use treatment through  the use of telehealth in community mental health centers. Each year,  64,000 Americans die from overdose. In rural, underserved States like  my home State of Mississippi, this threat is especially concerning, as  patients often lack access to addiction and psychiatric healthcare  providers equipped to provide needed treatments.   The concerns are great; therefore, Congresswoman Matsui and I have  been working to draft legislation that would enable local facilities to  register with the Drug Enforcement Administration and be able to use  telemedicine to prescribe appropriate treatments for patients in need.   Mississippi has been recognized as a leader in using telehealth to  reach patients who otherwise would not have access to care. The  University of Mississippi Medical Center's Center for Telehealth was  selected as a national Telehealth Center of Excellence by the U.S.  Department of Health and Human Services to innovate and test new  delivery models for telehealth.   With leaders like the University of Mississippi Medical Center  working to maximize available resources and provide care via  telehealth, I believe that this technology offers a promising solution  to combating the opioid crisis in our country. I look forward to  continuing to work with my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce  Committee to advance these efforts.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Walden and Chairman Burgess--and many  others, of course--for their dedication to this issue. I appreciate the  opportunity to speak.   