 Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today, the BRICK Act,  makes commonsense adjustments to preserve small businesses and American  jobs while still protecting the environment. This bill addresses the  impact of regulations and policies aimed at brickmakers, and-- particularly important to many in my home state, wood stoves.   In many parts of Oregon, we're surrounded by forests and affordable  wood, so wood stoves are often the most economical way to heat a home  or a ranch shop. Oregonians also know what a real air pollution crisis  looks like, as we have recently dealt with the thick smoke from several  very bad wildfires across the state. Compared to that, wood stove  emissions are far from a crisis, especially now that  [[Page H1463]]  they all must comply with EPA's 2015 emissions standards. There is no  reason to threaten wood heater affordability as well as industry jobs  by insisting on the unworkable 2020 deadline for the next round of  standards. This bill takes the sensible step of extending the deadline  to 2023, thus preserving wood heater choice and affordability.   Opponents of these bills have claimed that H.R. 1917 is harmful to  the environment and public health protections, but I think we need to  maintain a sense of perspective.   Neither brickmakers nor wood heaters are a significant source of  emissions, and both industries have already reduced emissions  significantly due to earlier regulations that are not affected under  this bill. For example, according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the  brick industry has already committed millions of dollars to install and  operate controls to reduce emissions by nearly 95 percent in order to  comply with previous regulations.   Perhaps most importantly, this bill does not repeal any health-based  regulation--it simply makes minimal, temporal adjustments to reduce the  risk of plant shutdowns, layoffs, and higher prices for consumers. We  should be looking at ways to get people working, not imposing  unnecessary and tough to meet regulatory timeframes that take away  people's livelihoods.   We need a balanced approach. These brickmakers and wood heater  manufacturers are important employers in the small communities where  many are located. The data shows that there is little environmental  justification for inflicting economic harm on these small businesses  and their communities, and thus there is every reason to pass this bill  to ensure that any such harm is avoided.   