 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as the Senate moves to vote on the  nomination to head the CIA, here is the bottom line. While the American  people have been told that Gina Haspel likes Johnny Cash and talked to  Mother Teresa, Ms. Haspel has been exercising the unprecedented power  to personally censor any facts about her that might get in the way of  her nomination.   When the Senate votes on a nomination when all the relevant  information is, by design, kept secret, how is this any different than  a coverup? I regret to have to say that the surrender of the Senate's  responsibility to conduct real  [[Page S2755]]  oversight of this nominee means that Gina Haspel has been given a pass  on all the most important and the most relevant issues.   I am going to start with three.   The first is this: What was her opinion about the CIA's torture  program when it was happening?   The Washington Post newspaper reported that unnamed officials were  pushing back against accusations that she has supported torture.   Now, Ms. Haspel said she learned about the program in 2002. I believe  it is especially important to know what her views were later, between  2005 and 2007, when the CIA itself was winding the program down. At  that time, did Ms. Haspel call for the program to be continued or  expanded? I asked her that in an open intelligence meeting. She did not  come close to answering that crucial question.   No. 2, what was her role in the destruction of the torture tapes? The  nominee's story here is riddled with holes, and key facts have been  covered up.   One matter that we know about is that her boss at the time, Mr. Jose  Rodriguez, has publicly contradicted her account of the handling of the  destruction of the torture tapes to a Pulitzer Prize-winning  journalist.   No. 3, how can the Senate possibly take seriously Ms. Haspel's  confirmation conversion on torture that was submitted on the eve of a  crucial vote?   There has been a lot of reporting in the press saying that she  personally played a role in the CIA torture program. The American  people deserve to know whether those reports are true. Every single  material question to her about them has been met with stonewalling and  evasion. Instead of real responses, Ms. Haspel offered possibly the  latest confirmation conversion in history, 16 years after she first  learned about the torture program and only just before a vote on her  confirmation.   Over and over again, I and other Senators have insisted that Ms.  Haspel declassify information about her background that would not in  any way compromise the safety of the American people. This is  information that is directly relevant to her nomination. In the  language of the Intelligence Community--I have read it--the  overwhelming bulk of this information can be declassified without  compromising sources and methods. Yet every single time a Senator  pushed for declassification, Gina Haspel said no. Despite our repeated  requests, she decided she would not allow the American people to know  who she is and what she has done.   This has been--and, again, it is painful to have to say this--a stark  failure of Senate oversight, and it is about as flagrant an example as  I have ever seen. The Senate should have stood up to this self-serving  abuse of power, but it did not.   For me, it is democracy 101 that confirmations are not supposed to  take place in secret. Nominees don't get to decide what is known about  them. Yet this core principle--core principle of our democracy has just  been chucked in the trash. Instead of standing up for the Constitution  and for the American people, the Senate could be rewarding Gina Haspel  and the CIA for this extraordinary and self-serving abuse of power.   With respect to other issues, it is important to note that the  Agency--again, under the direction of Ms. Haspel--has also conducted an  unprecedented influence campaign to promote her confirmation. This,  too, is wrong. The CIA, like every government agency, works for the  American people. It is not supposed to use its enormous power to serve  the personal interests of whoever is running it. The classification  rules are there for national security. They are not there for the  political security of an individual. They are there to protect the  dedicated women and men who undertake dangerous missions undercover.  They are not there to shield a nominee for a Senate-confirmed job from  scrutiny.   I and a number of my colleagues have looked at the classified  information about Ms. Haspel and have concluded it can be released to  the public without compromising sources and methods. We asked how she  could justify keeping it secret. Her answer almost always is, that is  how ``we always protect our officers.''   I want people to understand what is wrong with that statement. Of  course, the CIA must protect undercover CIA officers. I don't take a  backseat to anybody in this Chamber for protecting those people who are  undercover. In fact, I wrote a law, along with Senator Bond, our former  colleague, increasing the penalty for outing people who are undercover.  Gina Haspel is not undercover. She is asking the U.S. Senate to be  vested with a position that would make her one of the most public and  visible intelligence leaders in the world.   This is not an undercover job. It is one of the most visible national  security positions, not just in our country but in the world. It ought  to be accompanied by accountability, and hiding behind the protections  that are rightly given undercover officers to advance her career I find  absurd.   I wish to also note that her classification decisions are in  violation of Executive Order No. 13526. For decades, the intelligence  community has been barred from keeping information classified to  prevent embarrassment or conceal violations of law or administrative  error. It is pretty clear those rules are not high up on Ms. Haspel's  priority list.   What I am especially worried about--I am going to go into this--is  that if you can violate the classification rules to get confirmed, the  Senate says: Oh, no big deal, it is going to get done again and again.   Last time I looked, most Americans believed this country needs more  accountability, more transparency, and less unnecessary secrecy.   Much of the attention on the nomination has been about the press  reports of Ms. Haspel's role in the CIA torture program. Throughout the  process, she has flatout refused to confirm or deny if she had any  connection to it. How can this possibly be classified? Three years ago,  the Senate Intelligence Committee released a 500-page executive summary  of the torture report. The CIA released a long and detailed response.  What the CIA did to all those detainees is now officially declassified.  Former CIA officers have written whole books about it. How in the world  can you say Ms. Haspel's reported involvement in the program is  classified? You can do it because she says so, and she is the boss.   At one point, I asked Ms. Haspel whether opinions about the CIA  torture program expressed by CIA officers were classified. I wasn't  even asking then about anyone's involvement in the program, just what  people might have thought about it. Ms. Haspel wouldn't answer that  question either. She said that even the matter of whether those  opinions are classified is itself classified--downright Orwellian, in  my view.    In a democracy, there have to be some basic rules about what is and  what isn't classified. We are seeing a replacement of those rules with  essentially the whims of leaders who aren't accountable. Secret law-- the classification of legal interpretations rather than sources and  methods--is a serious problem, including at Ms. Haspel's CIA.  Information that doesn't need to be classified to protect national  security is being covered up for political purposes.   Speaking of Orwell, the classification rules themselves are going to  be classified. I have been concerned about this tendency for years. I  want to emphasize, I have made this clear to political leaders of both  political parties, and I continue to believe that. But if the CIA and  Ms. Haspel can get away with all this, the worst is yet to come.   As I have been saying since she was nominated, I have a host of  concerns about all of these issues. I hope Senators will exercise  independent judgment. There is a classified Intelligence Committee  minority memo about Ms. Haspel, and I hope every Senator will read it  and ask themselves publicly, ``If the American people actually knew  about all this, how would I vote?''   What I can say is, her classified comments about her background have  been as troubling as her public testimony. What I can say is, when I  did get unclassified responses to my questions, they certainly were not  assuring. Public discussions about the CIA have generally been about  overseas operations affecting foreigners. It has been decades since the  public really focused on the danger that the CIA could violate the  privacy of Americans, but the danger is there, and hard questions ought  to be asked.  [[Page S2756]]    One example is section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act, recently reauthorized by the Congress. The CIA has the authority,  under that law, to identify foreign targets and then to search through  the communications of those targets for particular Americans. The CIA  can conduct these backdoor searches of Americans without a warrant.  That creates a danger of reverse targeting, which is when the  government, in this case the CIA, targets a foreigner to find out what  an American is saying.   One way to help prevent reverse targeting is to recognize that when  the government is conducting lots of backdoor searches on Americans and  then sending around reports on those Americans, maybe it is the  Americans whom the government is really interested in. By the way, the  privacy board agrees with it, and so does the current Assistant  Attorney General for National Security.   Given all that--the prospect of what it would mean for Americans--I  asked Ms. Haspel about it. Again, what I got back were plenty of words  but nothing that provided any assurance that the CIA has any system at  all for guarding against reverse targeting of Americans under the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.   Also, the Agency collects a lot of intelligence under an Executive  Order known as 12333. I wanted to know if the Agency was conducting  backdoor searches on Americans through that data. The current Director  of the National Security Agency told me that when the NSA conducts  searches of Americans, those searches have to be approved on a case-by- case basis, with probable cause, by the Attorney General. The NSA  doesn't actually have to go to court, which is a concern. But those  requirements create meaningful hurdles to abuse. I thought it was  important to ask about the CIA: When can the CIA conduct backdoor  searches of Americans?   The response I got from Ms. Haspel is that the searches are  authorized if they are designed to get information related to the CIA's  activities. That means there is no standard at all on backdoor searches  of Americans.   I have mentioned these two unclassified examples because they show  how vague the rules are and how easily the CIA could violate the  privacy of Americans. That is why it is important to have leaders at  the Agency who believe in the privacy of the American people and who  are committed to protecting it, protecting Americans--protecting  Americans even if sometimes a lawyer says something might be  technically legal. I don't believe Gina Haspel will be that kind of  leader.   Before I wrap up, there are a couple of other matters with respect to  the torture program. I mentioned that since the torture program has  been largely declassified, it can be discussed openly. Senator McCain,  whom we admire so much, said last week that Ms. Haspel's refusal to  acknowledge torture's immorality is disqualifying. I am going to talk a  bit more about Senator McCain before I wrap up. I have always been a  John McCain guy on a lot of issues. I came to the Senate and joined the  Commerce Committee that he chaired, and I will talk a little about  that, but he sure sums it up right on torture. He says: It is wrong. It  harms America because of the statement it makes about American values  around the world. Then he points out it is not effective.   Since the program has been largely declassified, it can be discussed  openly. The CIA captured innocent people. It tortured dozens of  detainees. It didn't just waterboard people. The CIA placed detainees  in ice water. It kept them awake for a week. It stuffed detainees in  small boxes. The list goes on and on. They were always worse than how  they were described to Congress or the Department of Justice.    Through it all, it seemed that the CIA and the government had not  really held anybody accountable. The CIA also provided numerous false  claims to the Department of Justice, to Congress, and to everybody else  about torture.   Now, I have never been a big believer in confirmation conversions. My  general take is that nominees will say about anything to get confirmed,  but Ms. Haspel's statement with respect to torture has to be the most  delayed and the most grudging confirmation conversion in history. She  said she learned about the torture program in 2002. It took 16 years  before she was willing to say anything critical about it.   I mentioned asking her about her views when the program was winding  down. That was not something that was a debatable proposition, as it  was in public source materials. The CIA was winding down the program.  It was capturing fewer people and no longer using the waterboarding.   So what were her views on the program? I asked her specifically  because it was in public sources. When the Agency was winding down the  program, was she for continuing it or even expanding it? I asked her  twice--in the hearing and in a written question. Her quote was that she  was ``committed.'' Figure out what that means. To me, that is about as  clear an evasion of a very important issue as I can find.   Apropos of the present, usually nominees offer their confirmation  conversions before the eve of the key vote. I had mentioned that this  was awfully grudging. The Agency shouldn't have undertaken a torture  program, she said, because it did damage our officers and our standing  in the world.   That is true, but at no time did she ever express regret or anything  that reflected that this was just plain wrong. She offered up the  classic Washington, almost nonapology. She was not sorry for what the  Agency did. She was just not happy with how it was perceived.   Worse still are some of the justifications for the torture program  that she is still providing. For example, she is still arguing that the  program produced valuable intelligence. She says it is unknowable  whether the torture techniques produced valuable intelligence.   Yet it is knowable. The intelligence that the CIA attributed to  torture came from other sources. When the committee looked at the CIA's  own records, it found that key intelligence was provided by detainees  before the CIA engaged in the torture. It is these kinds of documented  facts that have made Ms. Haspel's statements so troubling.   Why are her equivocations about the effectiveness of torture so  important? I think we all remember the campaign in the fall of 2016,  when then-Candidate Trump said: ``Torture works.'' It seems to me that  it is not in America's interest to have a CIA Director who responds  with: Well, there are a lot of aspects to the issue, and I am not happy  about how the Agency was perceived in terms of what it did.   With regard to John McCain, like a lot of Senators, I am thinking now  about some of the big battles and tough fights that we had a chance to  work on together. I became Oregon's first new Senator in almost 30  years. Oregon has always been about wood products, and it always will  be. I said I would go to the Senate and fight like crazy to get more  jobs to those rural areas and try to get Oregon and our country into  some new fields.   It is not generally known, but in those days, John McCain had just  become the chairman of the Commerce Committee.   I went to him, and I asked: Mr. Chairman, why don't you and Chairman  Leahy, who has been a stalwart on these issues, lead an effort to try  to write the rules of the road for the internet?   By and large, there were not any.   He kind of smiled at me--that quintessential John McCain smile--and  basically said: Why don't you go out and figure out how to do it, and  we will have a hell of a good time in making the case.   Under John McCain's leadership, what we did was to, in fact, write  the rules of the road for 10,000 taxing jurisdictions in America. As a  result of those early days, you can't discriminate against electronic  commerce, which would have clobbered the internet with thousands of  discriminatory decisions. There were digital signatures. We wrote the  regulatory rules for social media that are often cited as creating $1  trillion worth of wealth in the private economy.   To a great extent, John McCain brought his typical passion to those  new areas that he would be the first to say he didn't know everything  about, but he said: Hey, look, we ought to do something that is in  America's interest.   We didn't care about Democrats, and we didn't care about Republicans.  [[Page S2757]]    As Senators proceed to this vote in a half hour--a historic vote, in  my opinion--I hope they will reflect on what John McCain has had to say  about torture. He has said Ms. Haspel's refusal to acknowledge  torture's immorality is disqualifying. John McCain has urged the Senate  to reject her nomination.   John McCain has been a towering authority on this issue and has been  a guiding light for the Senate on national security policy. I also just  mentioned something I don't think anybody knew, which is about writing  the rules of the road for the internet.   It is my hope that John McCain's powerful and unimpeachable views on  the issue of torture and this nominee will continue to be heard today  and well into the future. There is no greater voice on this subject  than John McCain's.   I want him to know how grateful I am for his leadership on this and  how, in the days ahead, I look forward to, hopefully, being able to  tell my grandchildren what a man of stature and public service really  brought to the Senate. I hope Senators will reflect on that before they  vote.   Throughout this nomination process, there were not a whole lot of  topics that were declassified. So I am just going to share a story  about Ms. Haspel and the destruction of the videotapes.   There is important information in the report by U.S. Attorney John  Durham that most Senators were not allowed to see. Like everything else  about her career, the information that reflects poorly on Ms. Haspel  gets covered up, but we did learn some things about Ms. Haspel and the  destruction of the torture videotapes. For one, she wrote the cable  that authorized the destruction. Second, she was an advocate for  destroying the tapes and was involved in what former Acting Director  Mike Morell called ``efforts to press for and facilitate a resolution  of the matter.'' That is a lot more than drafting a cable.   Especially problematic for Ms. Haspel and her boss, Jose Rodriguez,  is that there were reservations or there was even outright opposition  from the White House, the head of national intelligence, the CIA, and  the Congress to the destruction of the tapes. So Mr. Rodriguez decided  to go it alone and sent the cable Ms. Haspel had drafted without  telling the lawyers, the CIA Director, or anyone else.   Here is where Ms. Haspel's story about the destruction of the tapes  really runs into trouble. Jose Rodriguez, her boss, gave an interview  in which he told Ms. Haspel in advance that he was planning on sending  the cable without seeking authorization. So I asked her about that  story. She denied it. I don't know who is telling the truth. Yet here  we are, voting on this nominee without our having this direct  contradiction in any way resolved.   Then there is the question of what happened after the cable was sent  but before the tapes were actually destroyed. Ms. Haspel has said that  she was at her desk and could see her computer screen. So it was  shortly after the cable was sent that she became aware of it. She said  it was at that point that she walked over to discuss it with Mr.  Rodriguez.   So what did she do? She knew that the destruction of evidence had  been ordered over everyone's objections. Did she intervene to stop the  destruction before it happened? Did she tell the lawyers in time for  them to intervene? Did she tell the White House? Did she tell the head  of national intelligence? Did she just let it happen?   These are central questions because they tell us what kind of leader  Ms. Haspel is. In order to get confirmed, she has made all kinds of  promises about standing up for what is right and rejecting  inappropriate orders. But what did she do when she knew an order had  been sent to destroy evidence over the objections of lawyers and  everybody else? There is no record of her doing anything to stop it.   I offer this small window into her background because, I think, we  all ought to be asking how might she react when confronted with an  illegal, immoral, or inappropriate direction.   I mentioned what the President said earlier in the campaign--that he  would bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding. He has  praised Ms. Haspel for being tough on terror. You don't have to be  Picasso to connect the dots about what the dangers are here. Other than  a few belated promises that were made to get confirmed, what evidence  is there, actually, to suggest that Ms. Haspel would really push back?   I close, simply, with this. I have an enormous amount of respect for  the good work being done by those at the CIA. The nature of the secret,  risk-taking work that they do is an extraordinary service to the  American people. My concern is that when something goes off the rails,  it is going to be because of a variety of scenarios that will not have  a lot to do with their good work. For example, it could be because  there is a CIA Director who sees every lawyer's approval as a green  light and every lawyer's warning as an annoyance. It could be because  CIA leadership decides to hide from public scrutiny information that  need not be classified.   My concerns about Ms. Haspel are not a matter of history. I have  concerns about what she is saying today, both about her background and  about current programs. I am concerned that after we have heard from  John McCain and each of us has reflected, as I have briefly, on our  extraordinary experiences with this unique public servant, we will  still have to make a judgment here. I hope that colleagues, when they  vote in a little bit, will recognize that there is much more that the  full Senate and the American people have a right to know. I believe  that if they did, they would join Senator McCain and me in opposing  this nomination.    I regret to have to say, as I did in the beginning, that I believe  the Senate has surrendered its responsibility to do real oversight  here. This process has been a disservice to our constitutional duty. I  believe the American people deserve to know more than that Gina Haspel  likes Johnny Cash while she is simultaneously exercising the power to  censor the facts about her background. I urge colleagues to reject this  nomination.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   