 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Kyle Duncan to serve on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.   Mr. Duncan's record shows that he is far outside the judicial  mainstream. He has a history of ideological opposition to important  civil and constitutional rights. There are many examples of Mr.  Duncan's extreme views. I will discuss several of them.   First, Mr. Duncan has a track record of outright hostility toward the  Supreme Court's Obergefell decision and the rights of the LGBTQ  community.   When the Obergefell case was pending before the Supreme Court, Mr.  Duncan wrote an article where he described the plaintiffs in the case  as, ``profoundly mistaken.'' He went on to write: ``It is often asked  by proponents of same sex marriage what harms would flow from judicial  recognition of their claims. From the perspective of democratic self- government, those harms would be severe, unavoidable, and  irreversible.''   After the Obergefell plaintiffs won and the Supreme Court recognized  the right to same-sex marriage, Mr. Duncan wrote another article where  he described the Obergefell decision as ``an abject failure'' and said  the case ``imperils civic peace.''   When he was before the Judiciary Committee, I asked Mr. Duncan in  writing if he agreed that same-sex marriage is now settled law. He  ducked the question.   This surprised me. Even President Trump conceded in November 2016  that same-sex marriage is ``already settled. It's law. It was settled  in the Supreme Court,'' but Mr. Duncan would not acknowledge that  point.   I also asked Mr. Duncan in writing if he would pledge not to take  steps to undermine the Supreme Court's Obergefell decision if he were  confirmed. He did not respond to that question either.   Make no mistake, Mr. Duncan's advocacy against LGBTQ rights goes  beyond arguments that he advanced on behalf of clients. He has  repeatedly advocated against LGBTQ rights when writing in his own  personal capacity about his own views.   Mr. Duncan also has a troubling record of hostility to voting rights.   He joined with another extreme Trump judicial nominee, Thomas Farr,  to represent the North Carolina Legislature in seeking Supreme Court  review of the Fourth Circuit's decision to strike down North Carolina's  2013 voter suppression law.   This is the notorious law that the Fourth Circuit said targeted  African-American voters with ``almost surgical precision.'' The Fourth  Circuit decried this law as ``the most restrictive voting law North  Carolina has seen since the era of Jim Crow.''   Mr. Duncan's brief argued that the Fourth Circuit's decision was ``an  affront to North Carolina's citizens and their elected  representatives.'' Fortunately, the Supreme Court denied Mr. Duncan's  cert petition.   Mr. Duncan also wrote a brief defending a Texas voter ID law that the  Fifth Circuit ruled had violated the Voting Rights Act. Mr. Duncan's  brief cited the specter of voter fraud to support his argument that  this law was necessary.   I decided to ask Mr. Duncan a simple question about voter fraud. I  asked him in writing what he thought of President Trump's wholly  unsubstantiated claim that 3 to 5 million people voted illegally in the  2016 election.   His response? He said ``I am constrained by the canons of judicial  ethics from commenting on political matters.''   Why would we put someone on the Federal bench who thinks a false  claim about millions of illegal voters in the 2016 election is a  ``political matter''? Why couldn't Mr. Duncan bring himself to say that  President Trump's statement was blatantly false?   Mr. Duncan's views on voting rights are troubling, so much so that  Derrick Johnson, president of the NAACP, sent a letter saying that  ``President Trump's nomination of Mr. Duncan to the Fifth Circuit is a  brazen insult to the civil rights legacy of this court.''   There are many other issues where Mr. Duncan has advocated for  positions that are far to the right of the center stripe.   In 2014, he gave a speech where he discussed the Supreme Court's  right-to-marry cases, including the landmark decision Loving v.  Virginia, and said to the audience, ``Ask yourselves this: do they add  up to a right to marry your first cousin? A thirteen year old?''   Mr. Duncan also filed briefs in opposition to the DACA program and  the proposed DAPA program, which he claimed ``would greatly increase  the risk of unauthorized immigrants committing serious crimes.'' His  arguments perpetuated a stereotype of immigrants as criminals that is  simply not borne out by evidence.   Mr. Duncan represented Hobby Lobby in its Supreme Court case, where  he argued that for-profit corporations have religious rights that  permit them to circumvent the law and refuse to provide contraceptive  coverage to their employees.   The NAACP has described Mr. Duncan's record on criminal justice  issues as ``abysmal.'' They noted his efforts to overturn a wrongful  conviction verdict based on prosecutor misconduct, as well as his  defense of inhumane conditions in severely overcrowded prisons.   What kind of message does it send when the Republican Party goes out  of  [[Page S2367]]  its way to nominate people like Mr. Duncan who have expressed such  hostile views on issues of fundamental civil rights such as the right  to marry and LGBTQ rights?   There are plenty of well-qualified Republican judicial candidates who  do not have a track record of taking extreme ideological views. Why  choose someone like Mr. Duncan? What kind of signal does that send to  litigants who might argue before the Fifth Circuit?   It is possible to find highly qualified, nonideological candidates  for the Federal bench, nominees whom both parties can be proud of. We  have done that with the two pending Illinois nominees to the Seventh  Circuit. I wish that had happened with this Fifth Circuit vacancy, but  unfortunately, that is not the case.   I cannot support Mr. Duncan's nomination, and I will vote no.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth)  is necessarily absent.   