 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded    Mr. President, last Wednesday, in Arizona, at the Grand  Canyon, a number of us gathered to honor Mo Udall and John McCain and  their friendship and partnership, which made America a lot better.   For months, John was looking forward to this gathering. He mentioned  it to me several times last year. He was very excited. You could kind  of see the sparkle in his eyes, but he was unable to attend because of  the battle he is fighting. Looking back, the friendship between Mo and  John was remarkable--how different they were but how well they got  along.   In 1982, Arizona could not have elected two more different Members to  the U.S. House of Representatives. Mo Udall was elected to a 12th term.  A third-generation Arizonan, Mo was a tall, lanky, Lincolnesque, one- eyed Mormon who tried to cheat his way into serving in World War II;  self-effacing and humorous, a liberal Democrat in a conservative State  who championed the environment and Native Americans and one of the most  powerful and respected Members of the House, who chaired the Interior  Committee critical to Arizona's welfare.   And John McCain, an easterner and newcomer to Phoenix, having arrived  only 2 years before running for Congress; a carpetbagger, some said; a  stocky, handsome son and grandson of four-star Navy admirals who easily  made his way into the U.S. Naval Academy, only to graduate 894 out of  899 in his class, due to his extreme rebelliousness. John is a man  self-described as a ``freshman right-wing Nazi'' when he entered  Congress but as a naval officer who could have been freed from  imprisonment as a POW in Vietnam, yet refused to leave his men behind  and instead suffered unimaginable torture and pain for over 5 years.   Despite his novice as an Arizona politician, John McCain knew enough  to beg to secure a place on the Interior Committee. At that point, Mo's  decency and John's courage met. While John was new to Arizona politics  and, by his own admission, could not tell a copper mine from a cotton  field, he had promise, being elected president of his minority  Republican class.   Mo graciously, and with no political gain in sight that Mo could see,  took John under his generous, broad wing. Mo taught John the power of  consensus and bipartisanship, and, in turn, John had the guts to buck  his own party. Together, they forged a remarkable partnership.   Mo is marked by graciousness, humility, and humor; John by bombasity,  independence, and courage. They were a perfect match. They sided  together to protect the Grand Canyon. They sided together to protect  Arizona wilderness. They sided together to improve the lives of our  first Americans. They sided together to upend the campaign finance  system, to try to make sure politicians are beholden to their  constituents, not to special interests.   John took these positions in sharp contrast to his party. After Mo  retired from the House and John had entered the Senate, John continued  to take fearless positions. He championed immigration reform. He  supports curbing methane emissions.   Many Americans will never forget--and I was standing right about here  when this happened--when, on July 28, 2017, John McCain stepped into  the well of the Senate and gave an unexpected thumbs down to his  party's desperate attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act.   In 1982, Mo and John appeared to be worlds apart--Arizona politicians  representing liberal Tucson and conservative Phoenix, who would  necessarily be at odds, yet they shared so much. Both stood by their  principles, but both believed in working across the aisle to get things  done for the American people. Both put country over personal ambition,  fame, and fortune. Both were men of integrity, and both were  courageous. All of us can learn from their duty to country over selves,  their commitment to working for all Americans, and their dedication to  working with the party across the aisle to reach consensus.   Morris King Udall and John Sidney McCain III were unlikely political  allies and even more unlikely friends, but they were both, and both are  true American heroes.   Heroism is not born of words and bravado and bragging; heroism is  born of silent deeds that help others. Mo and John accomplished much by  deed. Both are true Arizonans, true Americans, and true heroes.   I am privileged to have known both men--to have grown up with Uncle  Mo, to have campaigned with him, and to have shared his stories and  stolen his jokes and to have served in the Senate and to serve with  John McCain.   John and I have worked together on many issues. We have traveled  internationally. Our work together on the Senate Indian Affairs  Committee has produced real results for Native Americans.   After this Grand Canyon event I described in some of the remarks up  there, I went to visit John at his ranch in Sedona. He is working hard  to recover and wants to return to the Senate. His spirits are good. He  was returning calls and working on statements while we visited. He was  planning ranch projects right in front of us that had to do with the  cottonwoods that were out in front of us as we were looking out at his  place. His wonderful wife Cindy, a strong and talented woman in her own  right, was at his side and working to make sure things were shipshape  at the ranch. What a unique and loving partnership.   John, we wish you and Cindy the very best and look forward to your  speedy return.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   