 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I rise in  strong support of this bill which includes a provision identical to the  legislation that I have been cosponsoring the last two Congresses, H.R.  986, the Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act. I also want to thank all of the  Members who came in support of this legislation here today and last  Congress from this side of the aisle who stood up for the rights of  sovereign nations, our friends, Native Americans, and who made very  clear the issue before us today.   It was mentioned by the naysayers on the other side of the aisle that  the NLRA, the National Labor Relations Act, started in 1935. If you go  back to that legislation--and it still exists today in the same form-- you see that Federal, State, and local governments are exempted from  the act for good reason.   This was supposed to always be a private sector labor relations act  and bill. Now, we can argue the pros and cons of that all day long, but  that is not the debate here today. The fact of the matter is that  governments were specifically exempted.   Mr. Speaker, why does that not include our Native American friends  who have sovereign nations? You know, I took my two boys--Kathy and I  took my two boys, Ryan and Teddy, to a water park this year and last  year--two different cities in my district. Those cities operated the  water park. They owned it. We paid the fee. We went in. We used it.   The employees who worked there--and they were excellent--were exempt  from the NLRA. Yet the Democrats who pander to groups left and right  are now saying that they are for the sovereign rights of the  government, of our Native American Tribes, but they say this isn't that  bill. No, it is. It is that simple.   You are either for their sovereignty, Mr. Speaker, or you are not.  And that is all this bill does. It doesn't choose between friends. The  Democrats do not need to worry. It is either you are for people in  believing in their own destiny and manifesting it, or you think that  you have to subject them to your will. That is all this bill is about.   By the way, I think it is absolutely ridiculous--Dr. Roe asked the  question. I won't ask the question. I will put it in statement form. I  think it is absolutely ridiculous that some Members, Mr. Speaker, can  come to the floor of the House today and say that this is not an  important bill, that the rights of the governments of sovereign nations  aren't important, and that there are other things to do.   Yet, three times today, the Democrats motioned to adjourn the House,  wasting precious legislative time. This bill is supported by more than  150 Tribes. The chamber of commerce supports the bill. Four Democrats  cosponsor the bill, and I thank each of them for it. Last Congress, the  bill passed the House with bipartisan support. And, Mr. Speaker, I  suspect it will again today.   Let's get this job done. Let's support our Native American friends.  Let's support the sovereignty of the governments at the Federal, State,  and local level. Support this bill, especially subsection 3.   