 Mr. President, in light of the vote later today on the  Sanders-Lee-Murphy legislation, or S.J. Res. 54, I rise today to  discuss the situation in Yemen and the path forward. As many know, over  the last year I have focused persistently on the humanitarian crisis in  Yemen.   My activities have been manyfold. I have issued letters to the  administration and the Saudi Government, an administration nomination,  hearings, a Senate resolution, and countless meetings, briefings, and  phone calls with senior administration officials, Saudi officials, and  leaders of the NGO community.   My goal? My goal has been to address impediments to the delivery of  humanitarian assistance--food, fuel, and medicine--into the country of  Yemen.   Now, we have seen some progress, and I have been encouraged by this.  The USAID-funded World Food Programme cranes have been delivered, and  the Red Sea ports have been opened. According to the United Nations,  since the ports were open, we have seen more than 884,000 metric tons  of food and more than 410,000 metric tons of fuel delivered to the  ports of Hodeidah and Saleef alone.   Of course, we understand the importance of the food. But why is the  fuel so important? Well, without the fuel, you can't run the water  treatment facilities and, therefore, the cholera epidemic that has  broken out in Yemen will only get worse. So 884,000 metric tons of food  and more than 410,000 metric tons of fuel have resulted in the saving  of countless of lives in Yemen.  [[Page S1817]]    Look, there is a continued humanitarian crisis in Yemen. A lot of  problems persist, and we need to address those. We have seen progress  with respect to the delivery of some of the humanitarian assistance I  mentioned, but commercial and humanitarian vessels have been offloading  their lifesaving cargo less quickly than we would like. So there is a  lot left for us to do.   The National Security Council presidential statement issued on March  15 related to Yemen indicated that there are still over 22 million  people in need of humanitarian assistance. This is the world's largest  humanitarian disaster. The risk of famine persists for millions of  Yemenis.   The Saudi-led coalition continues, unfortunately, to impose  unacceptable delays on ships carrying food and fuel into Yemeni ports.  According to the U.N., the Saudi-led coalition caused 5.9 days of  additional delay in the month of February on ships going to the major  ports of Hodeidah and Saleef. Those delays continue this month.   Now, why does this matter? Well, this matters, of course, because we  don't want people to suffer. It is inconsistent with our basic human  values. It is inconsistent with what we Americans believe. When people  suffer, it also exacerbates a national security crisis. It facilitates  radicalization.    In fact, last week I chaired a Foreign Relations Committee  subcommittee on this very topic--the connection between food  insecurity, specifically, and the instability or radicalization of  those who are food insecure. The hearing demonstrated that there is now  a strong, evidentiary, and academic basis to conclude that it is in  America's clear national security interest to address food insecurity,  as well as a lack of fuel and medicine. A retired Marine Corps general  testified at that hearing, Lieutenant General Castellaw. I thought he  put it succinctly. He said: ``Food crises [can] grow terrorists.''  Well, we have seen a lot of terrorists grown in Yemen in recent years.   The longer the civil war persists in Yemen, the worse the  humanitarian crisis will grow. This will radicalize yet more people and  provide even further opportunities to Iran to undermine our national  security interests and those of our partners.   What are our objectives in Yemen? That is a fair question. It is one  that all of us as policymakers and, really, all Americans ought to be  asking. Well, consistent with our humanitarian principles and our  national security interests, I believe we have to continue to pursue  two primary objectives. First, we want to address the largest  humanitarian crisis in the world, and, second, we want to press all  parties to end the civil war.   The real question here--because I don't think there is agreement on  those two primary objectives--is how can we best achieve these two  goals? That takes me to the Sanders-Lee-Murphy resolution before us  today. We, of course, need to fulfill our article I constitutional  responsibilities. Article I, section 8, of the Constitution indicates  that it is Congress's responsibility to declare a war, and it is  Congress's responsibility to authorize the use of military force. I  share Senator Lee's conviction, Senator Sanders' conviction, and  Senator Murphy's conviction that we need to take that responsibility  very, very seriously. This is why I introduced an authorization for the  use of military force last year. It is also why I have been working  with Chairman Corker of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Senator  Kaine, and other members of the committee to break a logjam in  negotiations--some principled disagreements that exist with respect to  what the authorization for the use of military force should look like  moving forward.   We have finalized an updated AUMF against Islamic terrorist groups  like al-Qaida and ISIS that will merit consideration in coming weeks.  In fact, we heard from Chairman Corker. He has now offered a public  assurance that there will be hearings on the issue of authorizing  military force and there will be marking-up and reporting of  legislation so that this 17-year-old authorization for the use of  military force can be re-upped. My own view is that whatever one thinks  of the legal merits of this long war under the authorizations given in  2001 and 2002, the further away we get from that point in time, where a  past Congress authorized force, the more attenuated that argument is  and the less power it has. Moreover, we owe it to the men and women in  uniform to consistently debate our involvement in overseas conflicts.  So I commend the chairman for agreeing with other members of the  committee that we need to have hearings and to pass legislation  specifically on this matter through the committee of jurisdiction  through what we call regular order.   Let me share with those who are watching my remarks here today what I  believe the wrong approach is. I believe S.J. Res. 54 is the wrong  approach. That resolution sidesteps the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee. It doesn't lead to the sort of fulsome debate. It doesn't  allow us to hear from professional witnesses and members of the  administration the way a formal committee hearing and markup would  allow.   Moreover, the legislation is never going to become law. It will never  become law. It is an exercise in messaging. Now, messaging is  important. We need to make the argument, and I respect my colleagues  for making their principled arguments. They are strong in conviction,  and they make each of them quite articulately. But the administration  has already indicated that the President wouldn't sign this into law.  The administration has already indicated that they do not regard, under  the law, that we are engaging in hostilities, which is required to  trigger the law they have invoked. So this will never become law.   Moreover, we most certainly will not be overriding a Presidential  veto should this pass out of the Senate and the House and go to the  President, whereupon he would veto it. So this will never become law.   The last reason I think S.J. Res. 54 is the wrong approach is because  it will not achieve our shared objectives. It would fail to achieve its  stated objective because the administration rejects the premise of the  Sanders-Lee legislation related to hostilities, as I have already  stated.   So there is a better approach. Rather than just criticizing S.J. Res.  54--and let me be careful to distinguish between criticizing the  legislation that we will be voting on later and my colleagues, because  I have great respect for my colleagues and their motives. I wanted to  play a more constructive role in this debate. So I wanted to introduce  legislation that would provide leverage to pressure the Saudis to  actually end the civil war in Yemen and to actually improve the  humanitarian situation. At the same time, we have to acknowledge and  respond to Iran's malign behavior in Yemen, as well as the presence in  Yemen of ISIS and AQAP--al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula. This is  arguably the most aggressive and most dangerous al-Qaida franchise in  the world. We also have to recognize Saudi Arabia's legitimate right to  not have ballistic missiles launched into their cities. This is our  partner.   So I wanted to develop a bipartisan compromise that could actually  pass out of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, be passed by both  Chambers, and signed by the President of the United States. I think we  are well on our way to doing that. I wanted to develop legislation that  would actually further its stated purpose and our objectives in Yemen-- ending the civil war and addressing the humanitarian crisis.   So that is why I and Senator Shaheen introduced S.J. Res. 55 on March  8. Now, since then, we worked with the committee, we have worked with  members of both parties, and we have worked with the administration and  outside experts to further refine our legislation, making numerous  substantive changes and principled compromises.   The current version of our legislation would require the Department  of State to certify in an unclassified and written report that Saudi  Arabia is undertaking the following: No. 1, an urgent and good-faith  effort to conduct diplomatic negotiations to end the civil war in  Yemen; No. 2, appropriate measures to alleviate the humanitarian crisis  in Yemen by increasing access for Yemenis to food, fuel, and medicine,  including through Yemen's Red Sea ports, the airport in Sana'a, and  external border crossings with Saudi Arabia; and, No. 3, demonstrable  action to reduce the risk of harm to civilians and civilian  infrastructure resulting from its  [[Page S1818]]  military operations in Yemen, including by complying with applicable  agreements and laws regulating the use of cluster munitions and other  defense articles and services purchased or transferred from the United  States.   Now, if the Department of State can't make that certification, then  U.S. air refueling missions, which are essential to the Saudi  coalition's operations, would end. They would be prohibited under our  law. Given the humanitarian crisis in Yemen and our national security  interests there, I appreciate Chairman Corker's commitment today to  mark up Yemen legislation in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee  when we return from recess in April.    So based on this reasoning, which I have laid out quite clearly here  today, I plan to oppose the Sanders-Lee-Murphy legislation today.  Instead, I will support legislation like ours that could actually  become law and would provide the administration the leverage they need  to result in real change in Yemen.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   