 Madam President, reserving the right to object, I ran for  office because I was very critical of President Obama's trillion-dollar  deficits. Now we have Republicans, hand in hand with Democrats, who are  offering us trillion-dollar deficits. I cannot, in all good honesty and  all good faith, just look the other way because my party is now  complicit in the deficits. But, really, who is to blame? Both parties.   We have a 700-page bill that no one has read and that was printed at  midnight. No one will read this bill. Nothing will be reformed. The  waste will continue, and government will keep taking your money  irresponsibly and adding to the $20 trillion debt.   There are no amendments being allowed. This is the most important  debate we will have in the year over spending, and no amendments are  allowed. We should have a full amendment process. We have been open for  business for 10 hours today. You can do four amendments an hour. We  could have done 40 amendments. So it is a canard to say that we cannot  have one amendment and cannot spend 15 minutes debating whether or not  it is good for the country to add $1 trillion of debt.   Madam President, I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   The Senator from Kentucky.    Madam President, the Senate will vote today on a bill that  will add $1.5 trillion to the debt over the next 10 years. This is a  large amount of money and something that we should be very wary of.  This is in addition to what we were already running a debt of, that of  nearly $1 trillion. So we are adding a couple hundred extra billion  dollars a year to a budget and a country and a Congress that had  already recklessly let spending get out of control.   The bill is nearly 700 pages. It was given to us at midnight last  night, and I would venture to say that no one has read the bill. No one  can thoroughly digest a 700-page bill overnight, and I do think that it  does things that we really, really ought to talk about and how we  should pay for them.   One of the things this bill does is add $500 billion in spending over  a 2-year period. This bill increases spending 21 percent. Does that  sound like a large amount? Is anybody at home getting a bonus or an  increase in his paycheck of 21 percent? Yet your government is going to  spend 21 percent more without really having a full debate and without  having amendments.   The exchange you just watched was my asking to have a 15-minute vote.  I have been asking all day for it. I have been asking all week for it.  We could have, literally, had dozens of votes today, but we squabble  because people don't want to be put on the spot.   The reason I am here tonight is to put people on the spot. I want  people to feel uncomfortable. I want them to have to answer people at  home who ask: How come you were against President Obama's deficits, and  then how come you are for Republican deficits? Isn't that the very  definition of intellectual dishonesty? If you were against President  Obama's deficits and now you are for the Republican deficits, isn't  that the very definition of hypocrisy? People need to be made aware.  Your Senators need to answer the people from home, and they need to  answer for this debate. We should have a full-throated debate.   My amendment says simply this: We should obey the budget caps.   What are budget caps? These are limits we placed on spending for both  military and nonmilitary. We placed them in 2011, and guess what. For 1  or 2 years, the government actually shrunk, but now the government is  taking off, and this new stimulus of deficit spending will be as big as  President Obama's stimulus. Don't you remember when Republicans howled  to high heaven that President Obama was spending us into the gutter,  spending us into oblivion? Now the Republicans are doing the same  thing.   So I ask the question: Whose fault is it? The Republicans'? Yes.  Whose fault is it? The Democrats'? Yes. It is the fault of both  parties.   You realize that this is the secret of Washington. The dirty little  secret is that the Republicans are loudly clamoring for more military  spending, but they cannot get it unless they give the Democrats welfare  spending, so they raise all of the spending. It is a compromise in the  wrong direction. We should be compromising in the direction of going  toward spending only what comes in. Yet this goes on and on and on.   You will hear people say: Well, the military is hollowed out. We have  not enough money for our military. Yet we have doubled the amount of  money we have spent on the military since 9/11 of 2001.   Look, I have family members in the military, and I have retired  members of the military in my family, and I care very deeply about our  soldiers. In fact, do you know what I would do? I would bring them all  home from Afghanistan. The war is won. People are talking about having  a parade. Declare victory in Afghanistan; bring them home; have a  parade; and give them all a raise. Yet we go on and on and on, finding  new wars to fight that make no sense, where we have no idea who the  good guys are and who the bad guys are. The wars are so murky that  halfway through the war we sometimes change sides or the people we  support change sides.   We are at war in Afghanistan after 16 years. It costs $50 billion a  year. So they need more money for the military because we are in too  many places for too long. We have no exact mission of why we are there,  but it is not a militarily winnable situation in Afghanistan. There  will never be a victory in Afghanistan. There may be a negotiated  settlement, and they may flee when we come, but as soon as we leave,  they come back. Are we to be there forever?   For the umpteenth time, Congress is going to exceed its budget caps.  We had something passed back in 2010 that was called the PAYGO Act. It  was supposed to say: If you are going to pay new money, you have to go  find an offset somewhere else. You can only pay as you go. It was sort  of like a family would think about it. If you spend some more money,  you have to raise your income or you have to save some money.   Do you know how many times we have evaded the issue since 2010?  Thirty-some-odd times. When I try to get them to pay attention to their  own rules, three or four people will vote to pay attention to the  rules.   We are in a terrible state, and $20 trillion in debt is bigger than  our entire economy.   Do you wonder why the stock market is jittery? One of the reasons is  that we do not have the capacity to continue to fund the government  like this. We have been funding it with phony interest rates that are  concocted and given to us by the Federal Reserve, but they aren't real.   What if interest rates become real again?   Does anybody remember when interest rates were 5, 10, or 15 percent?  I remember them as a teenager being 19 or 20 percent. But historically,  they have often been at least 5 percent. Do you know what happens to  the Government when the interest rates go to 5 and they have to borrow  for Social Security and Medicare and all the other stuff we have to do?  There will be a catastrophe in this country.   Already the rates are ticking up. The stock market is jittery. If you  ask the question why, maybe it has something to do with the  irresponsibility of Congress spending money that we don't have.   So the bill's going to exceed the budget caps by $296 billion. That  is not counting the money they don't count. So these people are really,  really clever. Imagine them running their fingers together and saying:  How can we hide stuff from the American people? How can we evade the  spending caps so we can be even more irresponsible than we appear? So  $296 billion is the official number. That is about $300 billion over 2  years that will be in excess of the budget caps.  [[Page S818]]    But there is another $160 billion that is stuck into something called  an overseas contingency fund. The budget caps don't apply there. So we  are $300 billion for 2 years over the budget caps, and then another  $160 billion over the caps that they just don't count. They act as if  it doesn't matter: We are just not going to count it.   Then we come to catastrophes. You might say to yourself: Well, I have  great sympathy for the people's houses who were flooded in Texas and  Florida. I do. My sister's house was flooded near Houston. So I have  great compassion. But even for my family, I can't take the money from  you and borrow it from the next generation and say: Here is a pot of  money. Go rebuild your house.   We should do it in a responsible fashion. We have already spent $30- some-odd billion on emergency relief for the hurricanes. There is  another $90 billion.   Do you know what I have said? Instead of just plunking $90 billion  down or, actually, printing it over at the Federal Reserve or borrowing  it--instead of just doing that--why don't we take the $90 billion from  somewhere in the budget that it shouldn't be?   People come to me all the time and say they want something from the  Government, and I say: Well, if you want something from Government,  tell me where to take it from, because I am not going to borrow any  more.   Where do you get the $90 billion from? I have some suggestions. Do  you know how many votes they get? About 10 or 15 people vote with me.   Let's not send it to Pakistan this year. They burn our flag. They put  Christians in jail. They put in jail Dr. Afridi, the guy who helped us  to find bin Laden. We finally got bin Laden, who had been living high  on the hog a mile or two from a military academy. Everybody in the  Pakistani Government probably knew he was there, and he lived  uninterrupted. We finally got him when Dr. Shakil Afridi gave us  information.   Do you know what Pakistan did to this doctor? He is in jail.   Do you know what they did with a Christian by the name of Asia Bibi?  Pakistan has her on death row. She went to the well in a small village  to draw water. As she was drawing water, the women in the village began  stoning her and beating her with sticks. As she lay on the ground  bleeding, everybody watched and gawked. She was crying out for help,  and the police finally arrived, and she thought she had been saved-- only to be arrested for being a Christian.   Yet we have given $33 billion to Pakistan over the last decade--good  money after bad. Almost everybody up here loves it. They just want more  of your money to go to Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, China--you name it. They  will send your money anywhere, and we have a country that needs it  here.   Instead of nation-building abroad, why don't we build our country  here at home? Why don't we do some nation-building here at home?   We have $90 billion that we need for emergency relief. Even as  conservative as I am, I would say that we could probably find that. We  are a great, rich country. We could probably rebuild, and the  government can be a part of that. But you know what; why don't we quit  sending it to Pakistan? Why don't we quit sending it to countries that  burn our flag and chant ``Death to America''? Why don't we keep that  money at home? Why don't we say to the government, writ large, that  they have to spend a little bit less?   Does anybody ever have less money this year than they had last year?  Has anybody had a 1-percent pay cut? You deal with it.   That is what government needs--a 1-percent pay cut. If you take a 1- percent pay cut across the board, you have more than enough money to  actually pay for the disaster relief, but nobody is going to do that  because they are fiscally irresponsible.   Who are they? Republicans. Who are they? Democrats. Who are they?  Virtually the whole body is careless and reckless with your money.   So the money will not be offset by cuts anywhere. The money will be  added to the debt, and there will be a day of reckoning.   What is the day of reckoning? The day of reckoning may well be the  collapse of the stock market. The day of reckoning may be the collapse  of the dollar.   When it comes I can't tell you exactly, but I can tell you that it  has happened repeatedly in history when countries ruin their currency,  when countries become profligate spenders, when countries begin to  believe that debt does not matter.   That is what this bill is about. But here is the confusion. Some at  home would say: We just want them to cooperate. If they would just hold  hands and sing ``Kumbaya,'' everything would be fine.   Guess what. That is what you have.   You saw the leadership of both sides opposing me because they are now  clasped hand in hand. Everybody is getting what they want. Everybody is  getting more spending. The military, the right is getting more military  spending, and the left is getting more welfare spending, and you are  getting stuck with the bill--not even technically you. It is the next  generation that is being stuck with the bill. Your grandkids are being  stuck with the bill.   But mark my words: The stock market is jittery. The bond market is  jittery. There is an undercurrent of unease amidst this euphoria you  have seen in the stock market. A country cannot go on forever spending  money this way, and what you are seeing is recklessness trying to be  passed off as bipartisanship.   So we have gotten together. They are all holding hands, and there is  only one bad guy standing in the way. One guy is going to keep us here  until 3 in the morning.   You know what? I think the country is worth a debate until 3 in the  morning, frankly. I think it is worth a debate on whether or not we  should borrow $1 million a minute. I have been saying that for a few  years: We borrow $1 million a minute. I think that really brings it  home. When we were talking about it with my staff today, they said: You  know, it is almost $2 million a minute now--$2 million a minute.   Can you imagine that? This is exploding. This deficit is exploding.  There isn't the alarm you should see.   Guess what. Every one of these people, you will see them come home to  your State. You will see them come home, and they will tell you how  earnest they are and how the deficit is bad, and Big Government  spending is bad and we have to reduce waste.   It is dishonest. They are not doing anything about the waste. The  waste has been out there for probably a half-century or more. Nothing  has been done in the last 40 years for one precise reason: There is no  oversight.   Do you realize that what they are passing is all of the money glommed  together in one bill? No one will read the bill. No one knows what is  in it. And there is no reform in the bill. That I can say with absolute  certitude. No one will read it. There is no reform, and nothing gets  better. The debt will grow.   When the Democrats are in power, Republicans appear to be the  conservative party, but when Republicans are in power, it seems that  there is no conservative party. You see, opposition seems to bring  people together, and they know what they are not for. But, then, they  get in power, and they decide: Hmm, we are just going to spend that  money too. We are going to send that money to our friends this time.   The hypocrisy hangs in the air and chokes anyone with a sense of  decency or intellectual honesty.   The right cries out: Our military is hollowed out--even though  military spending has more than doubled since 2001.   The left is no better. Democrats don't oppose the military money as  long as they can get some for themselves--as long as they can get some  for their pet causes. The dirty little secret is that, by and large,  both parties don't care about the debt.   The spending bill is 700 pages, and there will be no amendments. The  debate, although it is somewhat inside baseball, is over my having a  15-minute debate, and they say: Woe is me; if you get one, everybody  will want an amendment.   That would be called debate. That would be called an open process.  That would be called concern for your country--enough to take a few  minutes. They are like: But it is Thursday, and we like to be on  vacation on Fridays.   So they clamor, but we have been sitting around all day. It is not  like we  [[Page S819]]  have had 100 amendments today and we are all worn out and we can't do  one more. We are going to have zero amendments--zero, goose egg, no  amendments.   So it is a binary choice. They love that word. It is a binary choice;  take it or leave it.   You know what. I am going to leave it. I didn't come up here for  this. I didn't leave my family throughout the week and travel up here  to be a part of something that is so much inertia and so much status  quo that they are not leading the country. They are just following  along, and it is a big ball rolling down the hill, grabbing up your  dollars as the boulder rolls down the hill, and it is going to crush  us. But nobody has got the guts to stand up and say no.   Over the past 40 years, only 4 times have we actually done 12  individual department-of-government appropriations bills.   Have you heard of the Appropriations Committee? This is where the  spending is. You have the Department of Defense, the Department of  Commerce, and the Department of Health and Human Services. We are  supposed to pass each individual bill. What would happen when we pass  the bills is that they would go through committee and each committee  would look and see: Well, this spending seems to be working. We are  getting a great result, and we want some more next year. This spending  appears to have been put in a closet and lit on fire. So next year we  are not giving that to the person who put the $10 million in the closet  and lit it on fire. We are not going to give them any more money.   But guess what. That doesn't happen. So people keep putting your  money in the closet and lighting it on fire.   You heard about FEMA, this emergency organization. You have heard  about people without food. So there were 350 million meals they needed,  I believe, for Puerto Rico--350 million meals. Do you know who got the  contract? A person who had no employees.   Now, raise your hand--you are not allowed to, actually; but let's  say, raise your hand in a figurative way--if you think it is a good  idea to give a contract for 350 million meals to someone who has no  employees and who is not already in this business. They just know how  to fill out the forms in the Federal Government to trick us into giving  them the contract.   They were woefully short, and there are still people waiting in line  for meals. It is not compassion or no compassion. It is idiocy versus  more idiocy. We gave the money to someone who doesn't even do this--350  million meals.   Over the past 40 years, 4 times have we actually done the right  thing--passed 12 individual appropriations bills, bundled them  together, had a budget, and done the right thing. There is no guarantee  that everybody will be wise in their spending, but it has to be better.  It can't be worse.   What do we do instead? It is called a continuing resolution. We glom  all the bills together in one bill, like we have done tonight-- Republicans and Democrats clasping hands--and nobody is going to look  at it. Nobody is going to reform the spending. As a consequence,  wasteful spending is riddled throughout your government. Only four  times in 40 years have we done the appropriations process the way we  are supposed to.   Recently, they did a Pentagon study--the beginning of an audit--and  they audited part of the Pentagon. This partial audit showed that $800  million was misplaced or lost--just $800 million. I don't think they  actually put it in the closet and burned it, but they can't find it.   A while back they looked at some of the military expenditures, and  they had $29 billion worth of stuff they couldn't find. Overall, the  audit found that over $100 billion in waste was found at the Pentagon-- $100 billion. Well, their budget is like $700 billion. So we are  talking about a significant portion, over a 10-percent problem with  figuring out our waste. It doesn't get any better because we don't vote  on all these things individually, and we don't parse out the  difference.   I will give you another example. In the Department of Defense--last  year we found this out--spent $45 million on a natural gas station in  Afghanistan--$45 million. It was projected to cost $500,000--86-some- odd cost overruns to $45 million.   So you are scratching your head and saying: Natural gas station, what  is that? We don't have one in my town.   We don't have any in my town, either. They didn't have any in  Afghanistan, but do you know what? They decided they needed to reduce  the carbon footprint of Afghanistan. They would reduce the carbon  footprint of Afghanistan. I thought the military's job was to kill the  enemy. So is the military's job now to reduce their carbon footprint?   So they bought a $45 million gas station that served up natural gas,  and guess what they discovered. They kept waiting. There was a guy  sitting next to the pump. He was sitting on a stool, and he was waiting  for customers. No one ever came.   Someone said: Oh, my goodness, they don't have any cars that run on  natural gas.   That would probably be the same if you came to my town in Kentucky.  Almost no one has a natural gas car in America. They live in a  primitive state in Afghanistan, and you are expecting them to have  natural gas cars?   So they said: Well, gosh, we already built this $45 million gas  station, maybe we should buy them some cars. So they bought them some  cars with your money. They paid for the gas station with your money,  and now they bought them some cars with your money, but then the people  still wouldn't come in because they said: We don't have any money.   They said: OK. Well, we got the gas station, and we have gotten you  cars. You need a credit card, so we gave them credit cards. So they  have a U.S. credit card that you pay for, to take their natural gas car  that you paid for, to go to a natural gas station because we are  reducing the carbon footprint in Afghanistan. When did that become the  job of the military? Why does that go on year after year after year,  the waste?   (Mr. KENNEDY assumed the Chair.)   For 17 years, we have been trying to get the Pentagon to be audited.  Do you know what their response has been? We are too big to be audited.  How is that for your government? Your government is telling you they  are too big to be audited and that scrutiny is just not your business.   Is it any wonder, really, that our debt is a $20 trillion debt? Fifty  years ago, William Proxmire was a Senator. He was a Democratic  Senator--a conservative Democrat, in some ways. He began handing out  something called the Golden Fleece Award, and we will talk about a few  of them.   This is 50 years ago. The reason I want to point this out is, as you  look at this and listen, you will find that some of the stuff we are  doing today is just as bad as 50 years ago. Some of it is the same  agencies. So you scratch your head and you ask: Fifty years? We have  been through a couple of generations of politicians, and they are still  not learning anything from finding this waste? Some of it is the budget  process--the process that we pass these enormous bills that no one  reads, that no one scrutinizes, and that do not reform the spending.   William Proxmire used to do his Golden Fleece Award, and I remember  this as a kid in the early seventies. Here are a couple of things he  pointed out, and this is sort of some of his best.   The National Science Foundation spent $84,000 trying to find out why  people fall in love. Now, there is something that sounds like a really  worthwhile science project with a real specific answer. I think the  conclusion was, they are not exactly sure.   The National Science Foundation, which you will see is a recurring  theme in bad and wasteful spending, also spent about $500,000 to try to  determine why rats, monkeys, and humans bite and why they clench their  jaws. Well, now, you could say that is really important. Maybe we will  discover something from that or you could say, when we are running a  deficit, and we are borrowing the money, maybe some of these things, it  may not be the most worthwhile to borrow the money for them.   This is a good one. This is from the early seventies. The Federal  Aviation Administration spent $57,000 studying the body measurements of  what they called in those days airline stewardesses. These were  trainees, and it was for the purpose of purchasing their safety  equipment. Someone got $50,000 to measure the body measurements of  airline stewardesses.  [[Page S820]]    The Administrator of the Federal Energy Administration--this is still  from William Proxmire 50 years ago--spent millions of dollars to find  out if drunk fish are more aggressive than sober fish. I am not going  to tell you the answer. I am going to let you ponder that one. Do you  think drunk fish are more aggressive than sober fish?   This is your government, this is your money, and this is the debt you  are handing down to your kids and grandkids--and this was 50 years ago.  So now we will get into some of the things we have been doing more  recently.   We do a waste report where we point out some of these things, and  every week we have a new one. I will say, if you want to look at our  waste report, we have that, I believe, on our Facebook and on our  website.   This is one of my favorites. Do you remember when Neil Armstrong  landed on the Moon? He said: ``[O]ne small step for man, one giant leap  for mankind.'' Some people think he said: ``One small step for a man,  one giant leap. . . . `' So there has been some very heated discussion  over whether he said ``one step for man'' or ``one step for a man''-- the preposition ``a.'' Did he or did he not use the preposition ``a''?   So your government, in their infinite wisdom, took $700,000, which,  by the way, was supposed to go to autism research, and they decided to  study Neil Armstrong's statement. So somebody at some university  decided to play the tape over and over to see what he said, and  $700,000 later, they couldn't decide. You know, inquiring minds want to  know, but we still don't know. Did he say ``a man'' or did he say  ``man''?   This is the same kind of stuff you were seeing with William Proxmire  50 years ago, but this is last year. I think it is the same group--the  National Science Foundation. I think I am probably going to get some  hate mail from them.   This is $850,000, and we call this one the Game of Waste. You think,  when we are spending money in Afghanistan, well, surely it is to kill  the enemy. Sometimes it is building bridges, and sometimes it is  building roads--stuff we don't do in our country anymore. This one was  $850,000 for the development of a televised cricket league. Since self- esteem is important, we want the Afghanis to feel good about  themselves, and we want them to be able to watch the national sport on  TV. So we spent $850,000 to get it televised, but the only thing we  didn't reckon is, it was kind of like the natural gas car--they didn't  have TVs. I don't know if we are in the process now of buying them TVs,  but we did spend $850,000 of your money to get a televised cricket  league for those people in Afghanistan.   This is a good one. Everybody likes to take a selfie, right? If you  don't do them, your kids will do them, your grandkids will do them.  This was a study of $500,000 to see if taking selfies makes you happy.  Whether you are smiling or you are frowning and you look at yourself in  the picture, does it make you happy? Now, inquiring minds want to know.  If you want to study that, good for you. Go get somebody to voluntarily  give you some money to study that. All right? I really would like to  watch you going around the neighborhood knocking on doors asking for  money to study whether selfies make you happy.   This stuff has been going on for 40 years. Why don't we root this out  and stop it? Well, one, they will come to you all high and mighty, and  they will say: But, sir, it is science, and you are just a layperson  and don't understand how important selfies could be, and you aren't  qualified to talk about selfies because you don't know about happiness.  We have experts in happiness that can tell that we could make the world  happy again. We could all be happy if we had more selfies. So it goes  on. They give us this scientific mumbo jumbo that somehow we are not  smart enough to have common sense enough to know what we should be  spending money on, but this goes on decade after decade.    School lunch program. You might say: Well, we need to help those who  can't buy a school lunch, so we have a school lunch program, except for  what we discovered was $158 million of Federal money was given to the  Los Angeles School District, and it turns out they were buying things  other than lunches because nobody was watching them. Nobody was  auditing the program. Nobody was doing the individual appropriations  bills. They were passing--clasp hands together--continuing resolutions,  where nobody looks at it: 700 pages and nobody reads it. When nobody  reads it, they buy sprinklers and buy things for themselves like new  televisions for the faculty to watch. It is $158 million that was not  spent on school lunches but was wasted and spent on other items.   Everybody has heard about climate change. There are some undertones  and overtones of politics in climate change. In case you haven't heard  of climate change, the people who want you to hear about climate change  want to spend some of your money to make sure you are listening to them  about climate change, so they spent $450,000 on a video game. This is  also the National Science Foundation. So a whole new generation will be  able to play this video game on climate change, complete with great  graphics. We have this game that your kids can play on climate change.  It is just one thing after another.   All right. You may have been on this one if you are in Washington.  This one we call a Streetcar Named Waste. There is a streetcar over  here a few blocks on H Street, and they spent $1.6 million on it. I  think they had already spent more on it before that, but they spent an  additional--it goes a mile. It goes from nowhere to nowhere. You get  on, and there is nobody on it, and it just cost a fortune. You could  walk from one end to the other in about the same time it takes you to  go on the subway or on this tramway.   You have to ask yourself, when you see this government spending,  would you give money to this? I ask this question often when I am home.  I ask people: If you had $100 you were going to give because you wanted  to help people, would you give it to the Salvation Army or the Federal  Government that spends $1.6 million on a streetcar that goes from  nowhere to nowhere and no one rides?   So I talked about whether we should be spending the money somewhere  else or here. This is $250,000 that was spent on bringing 24 kids from  Pakistan to Space Camp and to Dollywood. You can say: Well, that is  good relations. Now we are going to have good relations with Pakistan.  They are no longer going to kill Christians and put them in jail or  burn our flag--maybe. I am not against interaction. In fact, if this  were some kind of privately funded group that wanted to have some money  to have interaction between us and Pakistan, I would probably be all  for it. First, the pricetag is a little scary to me--$250,000 for 24  kids. I represent a lot of people in Kentucky who don't have the money  to drive down to Huntsville and go to Space Camp with their kids, so  really should we not sort of readjust our priorities and start  thinking, do we need to take care of ours at home here before we start  shipping our money overseas or do we really need to think about can we  afford to just keep borrowing money for projects like this?   This is the Department of Defense, and this I think we referred to  earlier. This was $29 million worth of heavy equipment that they lost-- can't find it in Afghanistan. It is even worse than that. See, they  lost that, but we also made the decision, as we were downgrading the  war in Afghanistan after the last surge we did in Afghanistan, that we  didn't want the other side to have our stuff so we blew up a lot of our  own stuff. We blew up billions of dollars' worth of humvees, tanks, you  name it. When they were looking and counting it up, they found $29  million worth that they couldn't find. If you really think about it,  and you are thinking, how could we have more money for both our  national defense, and how could we have more money for infrastructure-- you hear people talk about infrastructure. People want to build roads.  Republicans and Democrats want to build roads, but guess what. There is  no money. We are a trillion dollars short this year because we passed  these--clasp hands--spend whatever the hell you can find, whatever is  not tied down, spend it and give it away. Both sides spend it like  there is no tomorrow.   If you ask: How could we change our government? Where would there be  some money that we could actually  [[Page S821]]  save? Well, really, some of it is in our foreign policy. We do not have  enough probably for our military to be involved in seven wars. We might  have enough to be involved in maybe three or two or one or maybe we  should not be involved in any of the ones we are involved in at this  point.   The thing is, we said after 9/11 that we are going to go after those  who attacked us, those who aided the attackers and those who abetted  them or supported them. They are all dead. We killed them all. That is  good. We should declare victory and come home from Afghanistan.   Right now, we are over there nation-building. Why do we have trouble  with nation-building? I will give you a story from a Navy SEAL I met a  couple of years ago. He had been in 19 years. He was a tough guy, like  they all are, and he said: Do you know what? We can go anywhere. We can  kill any of our enemies. We can do whatever you ask us to do, but, he  said, the mistake is when the politicians tell us to plant the flag and  create a country. We are just not very good at it.   Most of our military don't want to be policemen. They don't want to  create countries. They would just as soon kill the enemy and come back  home to their family, but we kill the enemy, and then we stay and we  stay and we stay, and we build them schools, we build them roads. There  are some schools that have been built four or five times and blown up  four or five times by the Taliban. It is terrible that the Taliban  doesn't want girls to go to school. It is terrible that the Taliban  would do this, but don't the people who live there have some  responsibility, after we have given them a trillion dollars, to do  something for themselves? Will people do something for themselves if  you keep doing it for them? So really there has to come a time when we  come home. We spend $50 billion a year in Afghanistan. Our mission is  over, and we should come home.   It is $50 billion a year that could be spent on infrastructure, if  you wanted to do that, or in maybe not having a trillion-dollar debt  next year or deficit next year.   We are in a bunch of different places though. When the soldiers were  killed in Niger not too long ago, a country in Africa, many people  didn't even know where the country was, much less that we had 800  troops there. You say: Well, it is only 800; it is not that many. Well,  the problem is, 800 sometimes becomes 8,000, and it sometimes then  becomes 80,000 because when we get in the middle of a civil war and  some of our guys get killed, we are like, well, gosh, we have to do  more, not less. Nobody wants to come home after people have been  killed. They want to go in and punish the enemy. I don't know who the  good people are in Niger or who the bad people are and what they are  fighting about. So I think sometimes it is very unclear who the good  guys and bad guys are.   We have been involved in the Syrian civil war for a long time, and we  aided a group of people who many up here call the moderate Syrian  rebels. Well, it turns out the moderate Syrian rebels were jihadists  often. They hated Israel. The only people they hated about as much as  Israel was us. We gave anti-tank weapons to one group, and the leader  of the group, within a week of getting our anti-tank weapons, said--we  wanted them to fight ISIS--they said: The hell with ISIS. We want to  attack Assad. When we are done with Assad, we want to attack Israel and  get the Golan Heights back.    These are the people we gave weapons to. We poured hundreds of tons  of weapons in there. There are a lot of weapons running through Qatar,  running through the United Arab Emirates, running through Saudi  Arabia--we just poured it in there. A lot of them wound up in the wrong  hands. We kept supporting these moderate fighters who didn't fight. We  spent $250 million training 10 of them. We trained 10 fighters for $250  million. We sent them into battle, and they were captured in the first  30 minutes.   Guess what happened recently. I will give President Trump some credit  for this. They decided to ally with whoever was fighting the best over  there. It turned out the Kurds were, both the Syrian Kurds and the  Kurds who live in Iraq, and they did fight. Now the question is--Turkey  is unhappy with that, so we will throw the Kurds under the bus in favor  of Turkey, which has a leader who has no use for us at this point  either. It is very confusing who the enemy is and who our friends are.  It is also very expensive. We have to defend ourselves, and we may  occasionally have to attack the enemy overseas.   The thing is, if we go and stay for decade after decade--in Iraq, we  didn't stay long enough. How long is long enough? Is it 100 years, 200  years--forever? They don't see us as we said they were going to treat  us--as liberators. They see us as occupiers.   Afghanistan has hated every country that has come in there. They  didn't like the Russians occupying them. They didn't like the British  occupying them. They don't like us there.   There was a movie not too long ago with a depiction in a scene where  they were in a village and freed the village. The general was telling  them: You are free. You are free. The elders of the village gathered  and said: Will you leave now?   They realized that wasn't the end. Eventually, the Americans would  leave, and when they left, the Taliban would come back.   We have to rethink: Are we going to be at war forever? Can we afford  it?   Maybe we have to think about whether or not we should do nation  building here at home and not always abroad. We have to think about the  unintended consequences of what we do as well. I will give you an  example of that. We recently signed a deal to give Saudi Arabia $350  billion worth of military equipment. Currently, Saudi Arabia is using  that equipment to encircle and blockade Yemen, the country next to  them. Yemen is a very poor country. They import about 80 percent of  their food. This is one of the poorest countries on the planet, and  currently 17 million people live on the edge of starvation. But people  convinced themselves that, well, there are some Shia who are supported  by Iran, and we don't want Iran there, so we have to support the  Sunnis.   Does anyone remember who attacked us on 9/11? It wasn't the Shia; it  was the Sunnis. Most of the radical jihadists, the ones who have been  trying to get into our country--in fact, I don't know of any Shia  terrorists who have been here, to tell you the truth. We have had  plenty of Sunni terrorists. All 16 of the hijackers were from Saudi  Arabia. We just released documents last year, the missing pages of the  Saudi Arabia investigation with the 9/11 Commission, which show there  is a possibility they were complicit in those things. They are not  exactly a free country. They are a monarchy that could actually have  power to consume and concentrate, in one person's hands, more and more.   We have to decide what wars we need to be involved in. Our Founders  were very clear about this. Our Founders didn't like war, by the way.  Our Founders had seen virtually perpetual war in Europe. Everybody was  always fighting somebody, and it went on even after founding our  country--cousins fighting cousins, fathers fighting brothers, brothers  fighting brothers; everybody was related. All the royal families of  Europe were related and always fighting with each other. They didn't do  the fighting. They sent the common man to do the fighting.   So when we got to our country, we said: We have these oceans; enough  of that. We want less war. One of the things they included in the  Constitution was a very specific provision that said: When we go to  war, we have to declare war. It has to be passed by Congress.   There was a debate over whether that power should be in Congress or  should be in the hands of the President. Madison said that the  executive, the President, is the branch most prone to war; therefore,  with steady care, we gave that power to the legislature. War is  supposed to be determined by us--ultimately, by us as representatives  of you.   It doesn't happen that way. It hasn't happened that way in a long  time. Why are we at war in seven different places? We don't vote on it.  We haven't voted on anything, really, since the proclamation of the  Iraq war, which I think was a mistake, but we at least voted on it in  2002.   We voted in 2001 to go into Afghanistan for those who attacked us. We  haven't voted on anything since. They  [[Page S822]]  said that the 2001 proclamation gives us the power to go anywhere. Most  people fighting weren't even born and have nothing to do with 9/11 or  Afghanistan. Yet we are in a perpetual war, and we haven't voted on it.   Once again, it is the process that is broken, like the budget. We  have extraordinary waste, and your money gets burned and put in a  closet and thrown down a waste hole. We don't do the right process of  following your money.   War is somewhat the same way. We get involved in war in too many  places because we don't have a vigorous debate.   When we go to war, I tell people that should be the most important  decision we ever make--the most important decision a legislator ever  makes. It should be a profound, moral, and personal decision, as if  your kids were going or as if you were going. It should be a heartfelt  debate, and everybody should speak out, and we should try to figure out  whether it is right to go to war.   Interestingly, when we have been attacked, we have been nearly  unanimous. When we were attacked at Pearl Harbor, they voted. One  person opposed it, and everybody else voted for it. When we were  attacked on 9/11, it was the same thing. I would have voted for that  response. We should have responded. That was the right thing. We voted  and did the right thing.   Since then, we are now at war everywhere, in countries most of us  haven't heard of, fighting on one side or the other, and we don't even  know what we are fighting for. It costs an extraordinary amount of  money, but we are not voting on it. Maybe if we did the right thing-- maybe if we passed the appropriations bills, maybe if we voted on war-- we wouldn't be in so many places. They are all interconnected because  they are intersected to the shortness we have in money.   The last thing I will get to is something called the debt ceiling.  The debt ceiling is something that has been a limitation on how much we  spend, and we have to vote on it. It is an unpleasant vote. They try to  do it for a long period of time or try to stretch it beyond elections.  So this 700-page bill, which no one read, which will continue all  spending and will not reform your government and is irresponsible, and  which we will pass later tonight--that 700-page bill also allows the  debt ceiling to go up. Historically, we would let the debt ceiling--our  borrowing limit--go up a dollar amount. We would say: We have to borrow  money, and it looks as if we will need a trillion dollars. Do you know  how they do it now? Like everything else, we break the rules, and  somehow there is a little bit of deviousness to it. The debt ceiling  will go up in an unspecified amount. As much as you can borrow between  now and November, go for it. So there is no limitation; the debt  ceiling becomes not a limitation at all. They are still taking the  vote--although maybe they don't want to vote on it anymore; they want  it just to happen.   They say: Well, you voted for the spending. I personally think the  more obstacles we have in place to spending money we don't have, the  better we would be.   The debt ceiling will go up in an unspecified amount that will be a  credit card that has no limits, issued to the United States. This is a  problem. Everything about this process stinks, to tell you the truth.   The media doesn't get it. The media does you such a disservice. They  can't understand what is going on sometimes. They say: Bipartisanship  has broken out. Hallelujah. Republicans and Democrats are getting  along.   In reality, they should be telling you: Look for your wallet. Check  your pants to make sure they haven't taken your wallet.   When both parties are happy and both parties are getting together and  doing stuff, guess what. They are usually looting the Treasury. That is  what this bill does. It is going to loot the Treasury. It spends money  we don't have. We will have a trillion-dollar deficit this year.   What I would say to my Republican colleagues--you don't see them  here; I am not sure where they are. What I would say to my Republican  colleagues is: I know every one of you. I have seen your speeches. I  saw every one of you go after President Obama. Was that all empty  partisanship? Do you not really believe it? I promise you, every one of  them went home--and probably will go home next week and say how they  are fiscally conservative and against the debt, and almost all will  vote for this new debt. Almost all will vote for a trillion-dollar debt  in 1 year, and every Republican, at least, was against President  Obama's debt.   At least the Democrats are honest. They are not too concerned about  the debt. They are sometimes concerned about the debt when it comes to  taxes because they don't want people to keep more of their own money.  They are afraid somehow of the imbalance of that.   The thing is, we do have to watch the balance of money--how much  comes in and goes out. Some have said: How can you be a deficit hawk if  you voted for the tax cut? One, because I think you own your labor. You  own the fruits of your labor. You own all of it. You give up some of  your labor to live in a civilized world. My question to you is-- everything you make, everything you own, everything that comes from the  sweat of your brow and work of your hands is yours. If you give up  some, you are giving up your liberty. You give up a little bit of your  liberty, you give up a little bit of your wages to live in a civilized  world, to have law and order and have some government. I am OK with  that.   I ask you: Do you want to give up more or less? Do you want to give  up 100 percent of your paycheck or give up 10 percent of your paycheck?   We should always be about minimizing government. Taxes really are  about how much of your liberty you get to keep--how much of your  liberty to continue spending your own money.   The other side of the ledger is spending. Are we going to have some  government spending? Yes. The Constitution laid out very specific  requirements for what was allowed. Article I, section 8 says what  Congress can do. They are very few and limited. Yet what happened over  time is that we began doing a lot of things that aren't there.   What they said in the Bill of Rights was pretty important, though, in  the Ninth and Tenth Amendment. The Ninth Amendment says that those  rights not listed are still yours and not to be disparaged. So the Bill  of Rights was not a complete listing of your rights. You have many  other rights--such as the right to privacy and the right to property-- that aren't exactly spelled out in the first eight amendments.   The Tenth Amendment said something important too. It said that if the  Constitution didn't explicitly give that power to the Federal  Government, it is left to the States and people respectively. This is  the other reason for our debt. There are checks and balances within the  process. We are supposed to do appropriations bills and all of that.  That might or might not work. It can't be any worse than what we are  doing now.   The real check and balance is the Constitution. The Constitution has  these limits on how big government can get and what government can do.  If we obeyed the Constitution, we would have a balanced budget every  year. If we had a balanced budget every year, would there still be  things the government does? Sure.   We have to assess as a people and we have to decide--and really, this  is the ultimate decision the American people have to make. Are you  going to cheer for the Republicans and Democrats holding hands and  having a trillion-dollar deficit or are you going to say to yourself: I  am suspicious that the Republicans and Democrats are clasping hands and  giving us a trillion-dollar deficit. Is it a good thing? Are we so  excited about civility that we don't care what the result of civility  is? Or are we really sort of misguided in thinking that people aren't  yelling at each other and they have bridged their differences, but the  compromise means we are all going to spend more money, we are going to  ignore the Constitution, the waste is going to continue, and nothing  will be fixed. Are we so sold on civility that we are willing to give  up on it and say: Well, at least we are getting along together. As long  as we are getting along, that is all we want.   I think we are smarter than that. I think the American people are  more perceptive. I think, in the end, the American people will see  through this.  [[Page S823]]  I think they are going to see it as the future unfolds and as the stock  market continues to be jittery. I think they are going to see it as we  move forward and the ramifications of having so much debt come home.   There could be higher interest rates. Those affect not only you  personally but also the massive government programs we have--Social  Security and Medicare. The borrowing we do for our interest is one of  the larger items. I think it is the third largest item we spend right  now. As interest payments grow, they crowd out other things. Right now,  we are still paying government interest in the low 2 percent or a  little bit more. Imagine what happens when it is 5 percent. Even if  interest stays at 2 percent, because government is growing and we have  a bigger debt, we will have an $800 billion interest payment. It will  be the No. 1 one item. It will crowd out everything else.   There are ramifications. There are people who say that when you are  at a 100 percent of your GDP--when your whole economy equals your debt,  you are at the precipice, at the point where you may reach a point of  no return.   There are ways we can fix this. Later this year, I will offer a  budget that freezes spending. You say: Well, how bad could that be? We  will give government the same amount they had last year. If we freeze  all spending--I mean everything we spend money on--we would balance the  budget within about 5 or 6 years, and we would get things back in  balance if we did it.   If you talked to people up here, they would freak out. I promise you,  we will get 10 or 15 votes for freezing spending to try to get it back  in order.   This is what we have to ask as American people: Are you happy with  your government? Are you happy with a trillion-dollar deficit? Are you  happy with people who just don't seem to care? Somehow they care more  about this clasping of hands and everybody getting everything, and then  they get to go home for the weekend.   I think the ramifications for our country are severe and significant.   What I would ask my colleagues, as well as those across the country,  is basically this: What do you want from government? Do you want some  physical item? Is government here so someone can get you something and  give you some physical item, such as a cell phone or a car? Is that  what government is for, or is government here to preserve your liberty?   Most of us--or I would say some of us--believe that your rights are  from God, that they preexist government, and that government's job is  not to get you stuff; government's job is not to get somebody else's  stuff for you; government's job is to preserve your liberty, to  preserve our natural, God-given rights. In doing that, through your  liberty or through your hard work, you may acquire stuff, and the  government helps to prevent your neighbor from stealing it, but your  government shouldn't be the one stealing it from your neighbor and  giving it to you.   Besides, we look at the ramifications of a society where we do think  that we are going to take from one and give it to another, and we are  going to do it through this government transfer program, and we look at  that and ask: Is that good for a person?   A good friend of mine talks a lot about self-esteem, and I like the  way he puts it. He says that self-esteem cannot be given to you. People  say: Well, we need to have--everybody gets a trophy, everybody gets  first place, and whether or not Johnny can read, we need to pat him on  the back and make sure he feels good about whether he can read or not  read. In reality, the only self-esteem you can get is from achievement.   Some people say: Oh, that is easy to say if you have achieved or done  something. But you can have achievement at anything. It is a little bit  akin to this talk we have had about the merits of immigration. There is  merit to hard work, like picking tomatoes. There is merit to being a  doctor, a lawyer, or a professor. There is merit to so many jobs, and  that is also where your self-esteem comes from.   One of the things we are doing in our country is we are destroying  the self-esteem and motivation of the country. What goes along with  that? When we have destroyed your self-esteem, you no longer leave your  house, weight problems, drug problems, and all of the things that ensue  from that. People say: Oh, you are simplifying addiction; it doesn't  all come from Big Government. Maybe. Maybe not. But I think there is a  correlation to not working and the disease that comes from nonwork.   You say: You are heartless. You are just saying that everybody should  work, and there are not jobs. There is virtually full employment now.  We have less than 4 percent unemployment. Yet, the way we measure it,  we still have communities that have 30 percent nonworkers because they  are no longer counted. This is where a lot of the problem exists in our  society. A lot of the drug problem is coming from nonworkers.   So I think we have to reflect on what we want from government. Do you  want something material from government? Do you want government to give  you something that your neighbor has that you don't have, or do you  want government to protect your God-given liberty?   I think that if we realize that the abstraction of liberty is  something amazing and incredible and that is what our government is  about, maybe we would bicker less and we would become more unified as a  people, knowing that what you are trying to get is not something--they  talk about whether coveting something is a bad thing. When you covet or  you really want something of somebody else's, some of it is because it  is somebody else's, but some of it is because it is a material thing  you want instead of sort of the freedom to search and seek out, through  work and through life and through art and through literature, your own  bit of self-esteem.   I think that if we knew what government was about and we recognized  the true function of government, we wouldn't be in this state. I can  tell you that I am very, very saddened by where we are. I am saddened  mostly by the debate on my side. I have disagreements with the other  side, but I know where they are as far as these issues are concerned. I  am saddened that on my side, many people who give lipservice to  believing and saying they are fiscal conservatives will vote for a bill  that adds $1 trillion to the debt. I think that if we were really  honest with ourselves, we would say no.   They say: The government will shut down.   I don't want the government to shut down. I think it is a dumb idea.  In fact, I proposed legislation called the Government Shutdown  Protection Act. What my legislation would do is this: You have a year  to do your appropriations bills. There are 12 different units of  government, and that is your job. How do we make these people do their  job if they won't do their job? What we say is that over this 12-month  period, if you don't do your job, government will continue spending,  but government will continue spending 1 percent less. So government  would go on spending 99 percent of what they spent the last year, but  every 90 days, we would take 1 more percent from government until the  people in government decide to do their job.   I see some Members of the House did their job last year; they passed  all 12 appropriations bills. Yet the Senate I think finally, in the  end, passed one, 4 or 5 months into the fiscal year.   So I think if we look at it that way and say ``How can we convince  Congress to do its job?'' that is part of the answer: passing the  individual appropriations bills but also evaluating them for waste and  being concerned with waste.   Probably equally important is understanding that the function of  government, the powers of government are few, defined, and limited.  That was a big thing that Madison talked about. When you read the  Federalist Papers, he is talking about how there are very specific  functions of government. Government wasn't supposed to do everything.  There is nothing in the Constitution about education. You say: Oh my  God, he would get the Federal Government out of the education system?  Absolutely. Get them completely out. The Constitution said nothing  about them being in it, and we don't have the money for it, and the  State governments are better at it. I am not saying the State  government can't be involved, but the Federal Government  [[Page S824]]  shouldn't be involved at all in education. As a consequence of  government, it gets bigger and bigger.   We take on new functions of government that really were never spelled  out in the Constitution. The Department of Commerce--it could be gone,  and you would never know it, probably. It could be gone and we would  save $35 million. And most of its functions are not in the  Constitution.   We have to have some of that debate over what is the proper role,  what is the constitutional role. How will we have that debate if we are  not allowed to amend the bill? If we are given a 700-page bill the  night before, nobody reads it, and they say it is done, it is a binary  choice--their favorite word--binary choice, take it or leave it. I am  leaving it. I could not go home and look my wife in the face; I could  not go home and look my friends in the face; I could not go home and  look in the faces of anybody who voted for me and say: Oh yeah, you  know, President Obama, he was terrible. He had trillion-dollar deficits  as far as the eye can see. But the Republican deficits are not quite as  bad because they are just $1 trillion.    That is what we are doing here. The Republican side is telling  America that trillion-dollar deficits are bad when they are Democrats,  but they are OK when they are Republicans. So they are telling you that  deficits are bad when the other guys do it but not so bad when we do  it. This is the height of hypocrisy.   This is sort of maybe the uncomfortableness that this debate  engenders. If having this debate is uncomfortable, this is maybe why we  don't have amendments. It is sort of backfiring because I am going to  talk about this for quite a while, and we are going to vote at three in  the morning because they wouldn't let me have a vote during the day,  and I probably won't get a vote. I think it is misguided. We should  have had 20 votes. There are votes Democrats wanted that I probably  would disagree with, that I would have voted no on, but I would have  voted to let them have amendments.   This is a big deal. This is our spending. This is what the Congress  is supposed to do, assess our spending and how much we spend. Yet we  are not going to have amendments to it. It is predecided by some secret  cabal of leadership from both sides who have now clasped hands to say:  We have won. The country has won. We now have a $1 trillion deficit  this year.   The American people are losing by this, so I think we have to figure  out a better way. We have to figure out a way where we do our job,  which is that for each of the individual appropriations bills, we look  at them and we scrutinize waste.   I showed you some of the William Proxmire Golden Fleece Awards from  1968, and the same agency that has been wasting that money is still  here. We haven't limited their budget. Their budget is probably tenfold  bigger than it was in 1968, and we are still doing the crazy stuff.   Actually, let's do the one I can't resist. Here is a good one from  the same group of people who brought you Neil Armstrong and $700,000 to  study. What did he say? One small step for man, one large step for  mankind. These people--they one-up even Neil Armstrong. They wanted to  know whether Japanese quail are more sexually promiscuous on cocaine.  Inquiring minds want to know.   The thing is, I think we--I wish that there were a button and that we  could ask people to just sort of dial in and push a button. Do you  think Japanese quail are more promiscuous on cocaine? We spent $356,000  studying this. This is the craziness.   Why do we do this every year? Why isn't it getting better? We don't  look at it. So if you have a 700-page bill and nobody ever looks at it,  how are we going to find this? Even in an appropriations bill--if we  did an appropriations bill that included this, it would still be 500  pages long and you would have to hunt long and hard to find this. Why  do we have conditions on how you spend your money? Because we don't  look at it. Nobody reads any of these bills. We don't do individual  bills.   People come to my office and say: I am for legal aid, and I think  people should be able to have a lawyer, and poor people should get  help. I listen to them, and I say: Well, you know, I have never voted  on that, and I probably won't ever vote on that. I won't even vote on  the department of government that oversees legal aid because I am given  a 700-page bill that has all of the government spending.   What is ironic about this is that we have dozens and dozens of people  who come to our office every day saying: We like this part of  government. I say: Well, I never get to vote on it, so I don't know if  I can help you or hurt you because I never get to vote on that part of  government. They make me vote on all of government, so it is either all  or none. The binary choice is shut it down or keep it open, but don't  reform it. I think that is a terrible choice.   I did a hearing this week and I called it ``The Terrible, Rotten, No- Good Way to Run Your Government.'' That is what I believe. It is a  terrible, rotten, no-good way to run your government, and we shouldn't  do it.   I will tell you this. This is a secret. So don't tell anyone. I have  talked to probably 50 Senators in the last 3 weeks, and most of them  say: I kind of agree with you. It is a really crummy way. This is the  last time I am voting for it.   Didn't you tell me that last year and the year before, that this is  your last CR, that you were never going to vote for another one?   Do you know what would happen? Let's say that this speech was so  persuasive that all of my colleagues came in here and got a conscience  and voted down the spending and said: Hooey with all of you; we are not  going to spend all that money. The government would shut down over the  weekend. We would come back on Monday and do our job. We would start  looking at each thing individually, and we would say that these are  things we shouldn't spend it on and these are things we should, and we  would begin that process.   The other thing is, if you pass one appropriations bill, then you  don't have to worry about that part. That is more than one-twelfth of  government; it is probably about a third of the government. You passed  that, so then you don't have to worry about shutting down. Each time  you pass an appropriations bill, you move on to another. We have to do  that.   I think the thing that is disappointing to probably everybody in  here, Republican and Democrat--they will tell you: Oh, it is a terrible  way to run the government. Yet we are doing it. We did it a week ago,  we did it 3 weeks ago, and we did it a month ago. This is the fourth  time we have done it this year. Since I have been here, we have never  passed all of the appropriations bills. We have never had extended  debate in committees.   I was thinking about this the other day. I was thinking, what if the  first day you got sworn in, the leadership sat in the chair, and all  100 people were required to be here or requested strongly to be here,  and we had a frank discussion, and we said to both sides: This is the  year we are not doing any continuing resolutions. Guess what--it will  just shut down if we don't, but we are going to do our job. In the  first 3 months of the fiscal year, we are going to have hearings, and  the main job will be to authorize and appropriate the money--3 months  for each committee. That is a pretty long time, actually. Then maybe  spend a whole week or 2 weeks in the committee with amendments for  specific things like, we have decided this year not to study what  cocaine does for Japanese quail, so this would be the year we finally  stop doing that. You would have that debate, 3 months on committees,  and 9 months left to do the spending bills.   Then, if you were sitting in the chair, you would say: This is the  way we are going to do it. And each appropriations bill--we are going  to take 3 weeks on the floor to do it--3 weeks. We are not going to  putter around, obfuscate, and not have any amendments.   One reason we are going to send this over to the House at midnight is  that we are hoping they are too tired to vote no. So we are going to  send it over late tonight or at 3 in the morning, but it is  purposefully done. We don't do amendments. We don't do anything in a  timely fashion. We wait around until the very end, and at the very end,  we are trying to wear people out so there isn't sufficient energy to  really scrutinize your government and its spending.  [[Page S825]]  We have had all week; we could have done all this.   But let's say we did committee hearings for 3 months, and then for 9  months--the rest of the fiscal year--we did the appropriations bills,  and then we spent 3 weeks on the floor and let people bring amendments.  My first amendment would be that the National Science Foundation would  no longer be able to do most of the stuff they do. The only way you do  this is by giving them less money--maybe half as much; I don't know, 25  percent of what they get--a lot less, because they are spending a lot  of it on things they shouldn't be doing.   This goes on throughout government. We have the same debate all the  time. We had this debate with the post office. They are losing $1  billion a quarter. That is quite a bit of money. They came before our  committee and said we need to pay them sufficiently. You can't have  good-quality people unless you pay them. They pay the top guy like $1  million, $1.5 million to keep talent? How much talent does it take to  lose $1 billion a quarter? I can lose half a billion for $500,000 a  year. So it is the ridiculous notion of government.   Sometimes I wonder, are people in government--is government  inherently stupid or populated by people who are inherently stupid? I  don't think so. I think there are well-meaning people in government, so  they are not inherently stupid, but they don't give the right or proper  incentives.   Think about it in your life. If I were to ask you for $10,000 each  and say ``I have this business proposition; will you give me $10,000?''  you are going to think long and hard about what you had to do to get  the $10,000. And if you give it to me, you are probably going to have a  little pang inside, hoping that I pay dividends to you and that you get  your money back. But it is really a heartfelt decision. It doesn't make  it always the right decision, but it is a heartfelt decision, and you  really struggle with every fiber of your being to make sure you made  the right choice, even though it is not always going to be right.   In government, imagine your city council person, $10,000--it is not  their money. Then imagine that you go to the State legislature, and it  is not $10,000, it is $2 million. Then imagine you get up here, and it  is now $2 billion or maybe $200 billion. It is not their money.   So when we look at government and ask why government is so bad,  Milton Friedman hit the nail on the head. Milton Friedman said:  ``Nobody spends somebody else's money as wisely as he spends his own.''  That is the truth of it, and that is the way government is. Government  will never be efficient because of the very nature of government. It is  not an argument for no government, but it is an argument for minimizing  how big government is.   Government should never be involved in something that somebody else  is already doing, that the private sector can do, because government  will never be as efficient because nobody spends somebody else's money  as wisely as they spend their own. This actually goes hand in hand with  what the Founders thought. The Founders thought people ought to be left  free to do most things themselves, so they very significantly limited  what the Federal Government is supposed to do.   So as we move forward in this debate and as we look at what can be  done to bring back the greatness of this country, I think we do have to  be worried about the debt we are accumulating. My hope is that both  sides of the aisle will look long and hard and say that this isn't the  way we should run our government--not just say this and say ``next  time'' but maybe say ``this time.''   I promise you, both sides of the aisle have told me this week: It is  a terrible way to run government; you are exactly right. Continuing  resolutions, putting all the spending in one bill, not reading it,  having no analysis, and not getting rid of the waste, is a terrible way  to run the government. But almost everybody who told me that this week  is going to vote for this.   So the only way this ever gets fixed is to call these people and  convince them they need to do their job, which is do the individual  appropriations bills. They need to pay attention to the Constitution,  or, frankly, you need new people. That is what the American people have  to decide: Do you need new people, or are you happy with them borrowing  $1 trillion?   I think it is completely and utterly irresponsible and something no  American family would do. I don't care whether you are a Democrat, a  Republican, or an Independent, no American family lives the way your  government does. It is completely and utterly irresponsible.   As we look at this debate, my hope is that both sides will come  together and say: Enough is enough. This is the time--tonight--I say  no.   Thank you, Mr. President.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from South Carolina.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I think no  one in this body more than I wants to continue funding the military. I  have three nephews serving in the military. My father-in-law is a  career Air Force man, and my dad served in the military. However, I  think it is also important when we talk about how we have a strong  country that we have to talk about solvency. There comes a point in  time when you borrow so much money that it actually becomes a threat to  your national security.   It was Admiral Milliken, the former Chief of Staff, who said that the  biggest threat to our national security currently is our national debt.   I think there is an irony that those who criticized President Obama  for trillion-dollar deficits are now in the body saying: Oh, we must  pass this trillion-dollar deficit.   Yes, I do think it is important that we have this debate. What I have  been arguing for tonight is not a delay, not any kind of permanent  delay. What I have been arguing for is an open debate.   So if we are having all the spending, every last bit of spending has  been glommed together in one bill, 700 pages. No one has read it.  Nobody has any idea what is in it, and there is no reform. I think if  we are going to do that, I think we ought to at least have amendments  and have an open debate.   If we are not going to have an open debate, if it is going to be  ``take it or leave it,'' frankly, I will leave it because I think my  duty. What I told the American people was that I care. I care about how  much debt we are accumulating in this country, and I think it is a  danger to our national security to accumulate so much debt.   Therefore, I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from South Carolina.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I think there  are some interesting points when we look at our debt, in trying to  figure out how best to fix it.   What we have been dealing with today is a spending bill of about 700  pages, but it does deal only with what is called discretionary  spending. This is military and nonmilitary spending, and it is about  one-third of what we spend over all. The other two-thirds is called  entitlement spending or mandatory spending.   So often people will say: Well, we can't cut the discretionary  spending because we are not doing anything to the two-thirds of the  spending that is mandatory; this is Medicare, Medicaid, Social  Security, food stamps, and some welfare programs. It is true that they  are growing at a rapid rate. They are growing at about 6 percent and  the military and nonmilitary are growing at about 2 percent.   So there is more of a problem on the entitlement side, but often you  will hear people come to the floor and say: Well, we can't. We have cut  all this discretionary spending, and what we really need to do is  entitlements.   Yet this is a bit of a canard, because I have been here 6 years, and  I have tried to push entitlement reform and tried to push cost savings,  but we have never had a bill come to the floor.   So people say: Well, I am not going to cut this, but if the other  were to come to the floor with mandatory spending cuts--how come nobody  brings it to the floor? It never comes to the floor. So two-thirds of  the budget or spending is never being cut, and it is growing at 6  percent. It is a problem. Entitlements have to be contained.   Some of the problem is not the Republicans' or the Democrats' fault.  It is basically a function that we are living longer. When Social  Security was created, the average life expectancy was 65 years or less.  Now the average life expectancy is about 80. So you can see how the  costs have risen dramatically. We are living a lot longer.   The other thing that happened is that somewhere along the way, when  we were victorious in World War II, we came home and had a lot of  babies, for one reason or another. They are the baby boomers--60 to 70  million of them. There is an enormous cost of retiring baby boomers and  we are living longer.   These things have added to entitlement costs. There are things we  could do. I recommended that we gradually raise the age of eligibility.  People say: Oh, you don't want people to get their Social Security at  65? Well, it is already 67, actually.   On Medicare, the problem is that if we leave things as is, Medicare  is $35 trillion short, and Social Security is about $7 trillion short.  So we are $7 trillion short in Social Security and $35 trillion short  in Medicare. You have to do something about the entitlements.   However, the same grievance I have with the process here is the same  grievance I have with entitlement reform. I have been pushing for it  for 6 years. I have produced bills that never get here. So the  leadership on both sides--and in fact, I have heard this before--will  say: You can talk about it, but don't put it on paper.   So many people are for entitlement reform until it comes to the  specifics. You saw this in the debate over ObamaCare. Try getting rid  of any kind of entitlement or lessening it or making it less effective,  and people freak out at that.   It is true that we have to look at entitlements. If we were to look  at entitlements, it would take some pressure off of the military  spending, but it is also important to put military spending in  perspective. We have doubled military spending since 2001. We have put  a lot of money into the military.   Then there is the question of what is national defense. Is defense  having weapons to defend ourselves against attack, having troops and  armaments and being able to defend and occasionally go to where the  attackers are, or is it the job of the military to be involved in every  civil war around the world?   Currently, we are involved in at least seven different wars. None of  them have been voted on. Our Founding Fathers said that the executive  branch was the most prone to war, and, therefore, they gave that power  to Congress. Yet we haven't voted on any of the seven wars we are  involved with. There are seven different wars around, at least.   There have been people talking about authorizing war, and they want  us to be involved legally somehow in 34-some-odd countries. So we  should have a more robust debate. We haven't been able to force a  debate on whether or not we are at war for the last 7 years. I have  been trying to get a vote on whether or not we are at war. We certainly  appear to be at war. We are in Yemen. We are in Somalia. We are in  Ethiopia, Djibouti, Niger, Iraq, Syria, and Afghanistan. We are in a  lot of different places. Yet the Senate has never voted on going to  war. And you say: Well, we are going after those people who attacked us  on 9/11. Well, we killed those people. The people whom we are now  embattled with are sons and daughters of other people who might have  the same ideology, but they are spread all across the world.    We had a manned raid in Yemen not too long ago where we have not  declared war. When we had the manned raid, sadly, a Navy SEAL died, and  a bunch of people in the village died. We were told we had information  to get the enemy, but we also have to look from the perspective of the  people who live there. You say: Oh, you would look from the perspective  of our enemies? Well, no. You have to understand your adversaries, you  have to understand your enemy, and you have to understand their  response if you ever want to figure out a final solution or some kind  of ending of a war.   You have to think about when the manned raid came at night with night  [[Page S829]]  vision goggles to a small village. Let's say the people were bad  people. Let's say they were terrorists and someday might have come  here. Well, we killed them, but we also killed their wives and their  children too. I don't fault our soldiers. Our soldiers go in in the  middle of the night, and they are given a command. It is not the  soldiers' fault; it is ours for having an unclear mission or for  sending them into an impossible mission.   There is no clear-cut war. There are three or four different factions  fighting in Yemen, and here is the point I have been making. The  neoconservatives are histrionic about, oh, Iran is supporting the  Houthi rebels. Well, on the other side are Sunni extremists who are  supported by Saudi Arabia, which also supports Sunni extremism across  the world. There is also a third party in Yemen that is al-Qaida in the  Arab Peninsula. My fear is that when you go in and you say ``Oh, the  Iranian-backed Houthi rebels--we must kill them, and we are going to  support the Sunnis from Saudi Arabia,'' you have to ask yourself  ``Well, what about al-Qaida? Do they get stronger or weaker?''   Here is my fear. We go into a civil war that nobody in America knows  about, and nobody can know up from down on, and we decide to get  involved. What if the end result is chaos? What if out of that chaos  arises al-Qaida? What if the end result of our getting involved in the  civil war is that they all kill each other and we end up with a civil  war in which al-Qaida becomes stronger?    The interesting thing about it is that as you look at the  war in Yemen, it is----   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the request?    Yes, I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.    So as you look at the war in Yemen and you go back and  forth and you say ``What are the results of getting involved in this  civil war?'' it may well be that al-Qaida gets stronger.   If you look at what happened in Syria, the neoconservatives went  crazy and said: We should support the moderates in Syria who are  fighting against Assad. Well, it turns out the moderates in Syria were  al-Qaida-linked, ISIS-linked jihadists. In fact, with one group the  neocons said that we must give weapons to, it turned out that as soon  as they got anti-tank weapons from us, they said--and this is a quote  from one of the leaders days after they got anti-tank weapons from us:  When we are done fighting Assad--not ISIS, Assad--we are going to  attack Israel to take back the Golan Heights.   We did this, and we pumped millions of dollars and hundreds of tons  of weapons into Syria, and it didn't work. When we finally quit doing  the funding and sending of weapons, that is when the Kurds rose up,  with our help, and actually did a much better job.   The thing is, there is a perpetual war crowd that ignores the  Constitution, and they will say that we should be at war everywhere,  and we don't need to vote on it. One, that is a terrible insult to our  forefathers and a terrible insult to the Founding Fathers, but as you  look at this and you look at the debate, it is also incredibly draining  to the Treasury and often has unintended consequences.   As we got involved in the Syrian civil war, the so-called moderates-- many of them jihadists, many of them al-Qaida; the fiercest fighters  actually were more al-Qaida linked, al-Nusra--began pushing back on  Assad, and there was chaos. Guess who arose in the chaos there: ISIS.  So really ISIS became a result of or at least was accentuated by our  intervention in Syria, and then we had to go back in and fight ISIS.   Here is a scenario that could happen in Yemen. We decide we are going  to go into Yemen and we are going to support the Sunni extremists, whom  the Saudis are for, against the Houthi extremists, whom Iran is for.  But in the chaos, perhaps al-Qaida rises again, and we have to get more  heavily involved. I think there is no end to the idea that we are going  to kill a terrorist group in the middle of the desert in Yemen and,  somehow, there will not be more.   I will give you an example of how sometimes what we get involved with  actually backfires and causes more terrorists to arise. We have been  feeding the Saudi planes bombs. We probably have sold them the bombers  as well. But we have been feeding them bombs, we have been helping them  with targeting, and it turns out they have been targeting civilians.  They targeted a funeral procession. The Saudi bombs that we gave them-- we paid for and we gave them; they may have paid for them indirectly,  but with the Saudi bombs that are U.S. bombs, they ended up bombing in  Yemen a funeral procession and killing about 150 people who were  unarmed and wounding 500.   You say: Oh, well, I don't care what they think. I don't care what  their response is. Well, think about what their response might be and  then decide whether you care, and I am not saying I am sympathetic to  the people. I don't know the people enough to be sympathetic or not,  but I am aware of their response to being bombed in a funeral  procession.   My guess is that 1,000 years from now, the people and their families  will, through oral tradition, remember the bombing of the funeral  procession. I am not kidding you. These people have a long memory. The  Sunnis and the Shia have been fighting for 1,000 years. They remember  the massacre at Karbala. I promise you they still celebrate when one  side massacred the other, and that was at least 500 to 600 years ago-- maybe more. So there is a long memory going on in this, and we have to  decide whether it is more beneficial to kill one of them than to have  the result of 10 new terrorists created by that. The thing is, they are  everywhere. There is a branch of Islam that is radical and that does  wish our demise and wish us harm, but we have to decide what the best  way of containing this is. What is the best way of defending our  country?   If you look at it, what I think you will find is that there have been  a great deal of unintended consequences. One is an enormous drain on  the Treasury, but two is a lot of unintended consequences as far as  sometimes actually making it worse. I think our intervention in Syria  actually exacerbated the rise of ISIS. I think our intervention in  Yemen could well exacerbate or cause or allow the rise of al-Qaida in  the Arab Peninsula again.    It is confusing when you ask: What do the soldiers want? The only  soldiers who are allowed to speak are the ones at the very top or those  who are retired. Even at the very top, most generals who are still  active can't give a full opinion. They may give it to the  administration but typically not on television or to the public. But  the average soldier really is never asked for his or her opinion. I  understand that, and I understand the role of the order of the  military--that you have to take orders.   The interesting thing is, as you meet the average soldier--I promise  you this is true. If people were able to do this and we were able to  actually take a poll of thousands and thousands of ordinary soldiers, I  think you could ask them: Do we still have a purpose in Afghanistan?  Are you ready for another deployment? You have been on six deployments  to Afghanistan. Are you excited about the next deployment? Freedom is  going to ring out in Afghanistan. They are going to be a great, self- sufficient country, and we will have won the war.   I think most of the soldiers who have been there will actually tell  you the opposite. I have met dozens and dozens and dozens of these  soldiers who have come home and actually are unclear now as to what our  motives are. They are unclear as to what our goal is, and they are  unclear as to what the end result is.   We had two Under Secretaries recently in the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee. One was Under Secretary of Defense and another was Under  Secretary of State. One of the Senators asked them: How many Taliban  are there? How many people are we fighting? They seem like pretty  honest questions. He said: You don't have to tell me the exact number.  Tell me about how many we are fighting.   Neither one of them knew. They said: We have to wait until fighting  season, and then we will find out. Well, any time you are in a  situation where there is a fighting season--and every year  [[Page S830]]  there is a fighting season--maybe that indicates this is a perpetual  war that is not going to end. But neither of these guys knows whether  there are 100,000 Taliban or there are 10,000 Taliban.   Interestingly, for the neocons who think this is going to end like  Hiroshima and Nagasaki and there will be unconditional surrender, it  will never end that way. Even Secretary Mattis--when I have asked him  ``Will there ultimately be negotiation with the Taliban?''--says that  actually there will be. The Under Secretary of the Department of  Defense, in our meeting, said that the goal was to push them toward  negotiation.   Here is the interesting thing about Afghanistan. We have had as many  as 100,000 troops--President Obama, who ran on a message of having less  war and less involvement and was mercilessly criticized by the  Republican side, actually escalated the war in Afghanistan to a great  degree. So President Obama put 100,000 troops into Afghanistan, and  what happened? The enemy melted away. I am sure we killed some. We won  some battles, but they sort of melted away into our good ally Pakistan,  for the most part. But then they come back, and people say: We left too  early. Well, how long are we going to stay? Are we going to stay  forever?   We put in 100,000 troops, and it temporarily pacified Afghanistan.  After we brought the troops down, now the Taliban control maybe one- third--some say maybe half--of the territory. You say: Well, if we  leave, the Taliban will take over. Well, how long is it going to take  until the Afghans step up and fight for themselves?   One of the biggest problems we have had is infiltration of the Afghan  Army and their actually shooting us on the base. It is ostensibly not  the soldiers; it is people from the enemy who have infiltrated.   At the same time, there has been such enormous corruption there. When  Karzai ruled Afghanistan, his brother was accused of being in the drug  trade. My good friend, Thomas Massie from the House of Representatives,  often says that we spent $8 billion eradicating their poppy crop. Poppy  is the plant they use to make heroin. They had their best crop last  year, so something is not working. He often comments that for $8  billion he could buy a lot of Roundup and probably do a better job. But  the thing is, we are aren't doing a very good job. The mission doesn't  seem to have the purpose that it once had.   Look, if I had been here, I would have voted to go there after 9/11.  We needed to disrupt the terrorist networks, we needed to punish them,  and we needed to make sure they couldn't attack us again. It was a  noble endeavor, but there has to be an end. I think part of our problem  is that we are unsure how to define victory, so we never can have it.   There was a proposal to have a big military parade, and many of my  friends who have served in the military were a little bit worried about  that because the image has been somewhat an image we have seen more in  totalitarian governments than in our own. We really haven't had a habit  of it, but I was looking at a story, and it said that we did have a big  parade after we had won the first Iraq war, and the troops did parade  through. I am not completely against having a parade necessarily, but  my suggestion is this: Why don't we bring the 14,000 troops home from  Afghanistan, declare victory, and have a parade because then there  really would be something to celebrate--bringing those 14,000 troops  home.   I think if we were involved in less war, we could pay our troops  better. We have an enormous number of veterans retiring after 15, 16  years. We have never been at war constantly for 16 years. We have a lot  of veterans who have been wounded, and to take care of them, it is  going to take enormous resources. All of us want to provide those  resources, but the thing is, if we continue in this perpetual war mode,  are we eventually going to run out of money so that we can't even take  care of our own veterans?   What we are really looking at tonight is a trillion-dollar deficit,  and I do think that deficit really does threaten our national security.  I think our foreign policy threatens our national security in the sense  that there are things that we need to upgrade. We need to take care of  our nuclear arsenal. We need to take care of our bombers. We need to  have the most modern planes and technology, but we often can't have  them because we are involved in so many wars.   People talk about the Romans getting overextended. We are everywhere,  and we always think somehow it is our responsibility to take care of  everything. I think that in many parts of the world, particularly in  Afghanistan, they see--since Genghis Khan, people have been going  across Afghanistan, conquering it, going back across it, and then  somebody new comes. But each time the indigenous people have been  strong enough to ward off and eventually get rid of their attackers.  Their attackers wear out.   It is the same way now. Some of the people like our being there. Some  of them have been honest, upright, good people. Some have been crooks.  Karzai and his family were involved in the drug trade.   The other problem is this--and this is a real problem that the other  side fails to acknowledge. Afghanistan is not really a country.  Afghanistan is an area of Central Asia that Westerners drew a line  around in the late teens or twenties; it may have been 1922.   We draw this line around Afghanistan, and we call it a country, but  it is not really a country. The far western part speaks Farsi or is  related, in many ways, to the Iranian people and has more in common  with them. The northern tribes have more in common with the Uzbeks, the  Kazakhs, and different nationalities to the north. The Pashtuns are on  both sides of the Pakistan border. If you ask any of these disparate  people whom their allegiance is to, they will tell you, primarily,  their allegiance is to their local warlords, the local elders, or local  council, but they don't have much allegiance to Kabul. They have never  really seen themselves as subservient to the capital. So when we go  there and say we are going to create a nation, it isn't a nation that  can be created because they are people who may not want be to part of a  nation.    Iraq has a little of the same thing. You have the Sunni-Shia split  that is 1,000 years old. You have people who aren't necessarily that  comfortable under the yoke of one country. So as we try to force them  in together and try to have them dominate, what you find in a lot of  these areas is that you end up having a strongman, and the strongman  rules with an iron fist. This was Saddam Hussein.   The interesting thing about world politics and balance of power is,  when we went in and toppled Saddam Hussein--let freedom ring--we  actually made it more difficult for us in the world, and we made the  Middle East more unstable because Iran and Iraq fought a fierce 8-year  bloody war. They had come to somewhat of a standstill. Saddam Hussein,  for all his warts, was somewhat of a counterbalance to Iran. So when  Iraq was toppled and Saddam Hussein was gone, you once again have a  power vacuum. In a power vacuum, al-Qaida will fill it and did. You  upset the balance of power between Iran and Iraq, and now Iran seems to  be more threatening throughout the region.   As we look at our spending, without question, there is part of the  spending that isn't in this bill--the mandatory spending. For those who  say: Oh, we are not going to do anything for the part of the bill we  are actually voting on, and we are OK with the trillion-dollar deficit,  I think there is sort of a litmus test. It is a litmus test of  hypocrisy. If they were against trillion-dollar deficits for President  Obama, why is it OK to have a Republican deficit of a trillion dollars?  There is no escaping the hypocrisy of that.   I think there is also no escaping the dire warnings we heard. Almost  all of the Republicans--I venture to say every Republican in the  Senate--has made dire warnings about the debt, which was critical of  President Obama. I was one of them, but we need to be honest enough to  look in the mirror at ourselves when we are in charge of all three  branches of government.   When the Republicans took over the House, they said: Well, don't have  too high expectations. We only control one-half of one-third of the  government. Then we took over the Senate, and they said: Well, we still  can't do anything because President Obama is there. Now, we have a  Republican  [[Page S831]]  President. I don't know what the excuse is going to be. Some say: Well,  we must govern. If by govern, they mean act like the other side and run  up huge deficits, I guess it is not what I am interested in as far as  governing.   Governing is about making tough choices. I think what has happened in  our country--because we basically have a printing press, a Federal  Reserve that replenishes and pays our debt, buys our debt simply by  creating money and buying Treasury bills with it or Treasury bonds--is  that we have sort of a limitless notion of debt. That is what has been  going on. We keep adding to it.   To a large extent, we haven't had a catastrophe. I think we were  close in 2008. Some of that is related to accumulation of debt. I think  you also will see some of that in the near future. There is an  unsettling notion out there--the stock market, having risen so far, so  fast, you are seeing this jittery notion out there.   There is the worry about interest rates. There is the worry that  historically we funded this massive debt at about 2 percent interest.  What happens if we get back to more normalized rates of interest? I  think this is an important debate. It is important to get also back to  the crux of the debate.   What I have been arguing for tonight is that we have amendments. The  most important job the Congress does is to pass spending bills. It is  the most important thing we do, and the most important oversight we  have. If we are to do that oversight, we should have a debate. We  should have amendments.   What we are looking at is a bill that was decided in secret--700  pages that were printed last night at midnight--and, for the most part,  it has not been read. It is very easy not to have a full understanding  of a bill that is nearly 700 pages that comes forward, but within the  midst of this, we know a couple of things.   We have gotten rid of fiscal responsibility. There were spending caps  put in place to try to control spending. For a couple of years--2011,  2012, 2013--we were actually seeing a slowdown on the rate of growth of  spending. You heard everybody squawking about this sequester. The  sequester is so bad. The interesting thing about sequester is it wasn't  a cut in spending. It was a slowdown of the rate of spending, a  slowdown of the rate of growth of spending. If you look at curves over  a long period of time--actually the rate of growth--you still had  government growing, but we slowed down the rate of growth. As revenue  was picking up, we actually were whittling away, at least a little bit,  at the annual deficit.   Then the cries came that were, actually, mostly from my side. They  said the military is being hollowed out. We have to have more military  money. The dirty little secret around here is you can only get more  military money if you give the other side more welfare money. We have  warfare and welfare. That is guns and butter. It has been going on a  long time. We spent a lot of money, and both sides have now agreed to  do this. The leadership has agreed to do this.   In this spending bill, what you are going to have is a looting of the  Treasury, basically. Both sides are really culpable. Both sides are  somewhat equally responsible for this bill and for the debt that will  ensue.   The real question has to be--I think most importantly for my side--if  you were against President Obama's trillion-dollar deficits, why are  you for trillion-dollar deficits when you put a Republican name on it?  I think people are going to see through this. You are already seeing  some of the clips in the media putting forward the comments from 2010  and 2011 about President Obama's debt. These are comments coming from  Republicans who are now for this bill. As they say in some parts of the  country, you have some explaining to do.   That is the question. Are people going to look at this and say: My  goodness, is everybody out there just a partisan politician and all  they care about is party; and that the debt is bad when it is a  Democratic debt and not bad when it is a Republican debt? That is sort  of what we are facing.   My recommendation is that we really look long and hard at this. Most  of the Senators will say: This is the last one. I am never voting for  this again. These are terrible. This is a rotten way to run your  government. I object to doing it this way. I will vote for this one  because I don't want the government to shut down.    I don't want the government to shut down. I also don't want to keep  it open if we are not going to reform it. It is damned if you do;  damned if you don't. We could have done better. We could have moved  forward with a responsible spending package that had amendments that we  could all offer on the floor--an open amendment process and debate. We  chose not to go that way. That is why we are here.   Some will say: You are responsible for this. It is all your fault. If  I am responsible for drawing attention to the debt, so be it. Somebody  has to do it. I didn't come up here to be part of somebody's club. I  didn't come up here to be liked. I didn't come up here to just say:  Hey, guys, I want to be part of the club so I am going to always vote  with whatever you tell me to do. I have often voted with Democrats. I  have often voted with Republicans. I probably have two dozen bills I  cosponsored with Democrats. I am also seen as one of the most  conservative Members of the Senate. I think there is a way you can have  bipartisanship.   Bipartisanship doesn't mean you have to give up on everything you  believe in. That is what this spending bill is. It is a bipartisan  spending bill that gives up on everything that Republicans ostensibly  believe in as far as deficit, debt, and spending. I will vote against  this bill.   I will continue to advocate. If they want to vote earlier, they can  vote earlier, as long as I get a vote on an amendment where we would  have an open debate and an explicit vote that says: Are you for or  against breaking the spending caps that we put in place?   Thank you, Mr. President.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from North Carolina.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, the question  is often asked, if not now, when? We have all been told: Now, Senator,  is not the time to discuss this. If we can do this through the  committee in an orderly fashion, there is always going to be a better  day. But the day never comes.   The vast majority of the Senators will admit that the way we do our  budgeting and the way we do our spending around here is abominable. It  is an abomination. Most people are opposed to it. Yet they come to the  floor and say: Let's just keep doing it the way we have always done it.  So until a majority of us will say no, enough is enough, it will  continue to be the same thing.   The promise of making it different in the future is somewhat of an  illusion or a false promise that just never gets here. There have been  four times in 41 years that we did the right thing, that we did the  appropriations bills--four times in 41 years.   So what I am proposing--and this actually would have been nice to  vote on tonight--people come to the floor and say they want to vote,  but they don't want to vote on anything they don't agree with. They  don't want to have any kind of an open amendment process where we can  have votes. I am interested in putting forward something that is called  the Government Shutdown Prevention Act. This is legislation I have put  forward that says that if, after a year of being able to put forward  your appropriations bills, you haven't done your job, then the spending  point will go down by 1 percent.    I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   The Senator from North Carolina.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   I think it is interesting, as we follow the debate this evening, and  people watching at home may be interested because it kind of turns on  some inside baseball things, and you are not sure what to know or  believe.   One side says they are ready to vote, and the other side says we are  ready to vote. That is the way it has kind of been, except for one side  wants to vote only on what they want to vote on and they have agreed to  beforehand. The other side wants an open debate, where we would have  amendments. That is the side I am on.   I have been arguing all day, basically, to have open amendments, and  I want to do an amendment that would say that, basically, we should  obey the spending limits. Instead of having a $1 trillion debt, we  should obey our spending limits.   So it is about open debate. It is about voting. I am all in favor of  voting, I am in favor of voting right now, and I have offered the other  side a 15-minute vote on containing or retaining the spending caps.   So I object because I think there should be amendments, and there  should be sufficient debate on this subject.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   The Senator from Texas.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I think it is  very important that the American people know why we are here this  evening, and why we are here is because Washington is completely  broken.    We are spending money like it is out of control. This bill  will have a trillion-dollar deficit, as bad or worse than any of  President Obama's. So what I ask my Republican colleagues is, Why are  we doing this when we condemned it on the other side?    I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.    Reserving the right to object, I think it is interesting  how much energy we are expending when we could have had a 15-minute  vote on this, but nobody wanted to vote.    I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   The Senator from Texas.    I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   The Senator from Texas.    Reserving the right to object, it seems like a lot of work  for a trillion-dollar deficit.    I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   The Senator from Texas.    Reserving the right to object, a trillion-dollar Republican  deficit--the hypocrisy is astounding. Every one of these Republicans  complained about President Obama's deficits. Yet now we have them out  there bragging and pushing and doing everything they can to get their  trillion-dollar deficit through.   I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   The Senator from Texas.    Reserving the right to object, I realize this charade is  about Republicans wanting a trillion-dollar deficit.    I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   The Senator from Texas.    I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   The Senator from Texas.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, we are  talking about a trillion-dollar deficit.    I object.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is heard.   The Senator from Texas.    Mr. President, I think it is interesting--the debate we are  having, an important debate--and it is important to call attention to  how we spend money in Washington and how the system is irrevocably  broken. We can cast blame where we want to cast blame, but, I think,  for the record, it is important to know that I have been offering all  day to vote.   I would like nothing more than to vote, but it is the other side. It  is the leadership that has refused to allow any amendments. So we have  what is called a closed debate. There will be no amendments. There will  be no questioning of the authority. The deal was made in secret, and  the deal will not be debated on the floor, and there will be no  amendments.   So what I am advocating for is, one, that we should reform the  process. I don't advocate for shutting the government down, but neither  do I advocate for keeping it open and borrowing $1 million a minute. In  fact, the statistics this year are closer to $2 million a minute.   This is a government that is horribly broken. This is a system that  is horribly broken, and Senator after Senator will come up quietly, and  they will say: Oh, this is the last time I am voting for a continuing  resolution. This is terrible. This is a terrible way to run a  government. This is a rotten way to run the government. Yet they keep  voting for it. They are in charge. Why have we been doing this for 40  years? Four times in 40 years have we actually done our job where we  voted on each individual appropriations bill.   Earlier today, I went through some of the waste. It is amazing the  waste that has been going on. William Proxmire was first pointing out  this waste in 1968. One of the examples he pointed to was that money  was being spent studying why men fall in love with women. You may be  curious about that, too. If you are, ask your friends to get  Crowdsourcing, and you could get a study of why men fall in love with  women. That is not a function of government. That waste goes on decade  after decade, and nothing is ever fixed.   What we have is a 700-page bill that will not have been read by  anyone. I was just reading some of the things that will be stuck in  there. Nobody will have any idea how they got in there--all of the  spending glommed together in one bill with no oversight.   This is a terrible, rotten, no-good way to run your government, and  it has been going on decade after decade. Everyone admits it is a  terrible, rotten, no-good way to run your government. Yet nobody stands  up and says enough is enough. They say: It is a binary choice, young  man. Take it or leave it. I will leave it.   I don't want to shut down the government, but somebody ought to  insist that we have an open amendment process. Someone should insist  that we root out waste in government. We have had a partial audit of  the Pentagon, and we  [[Page S835]]  found out that $800 million was misplaced or lost. What has been done  so far in the audit showed over $100 billion has been wasted in the  Pentagon. So what do we do? We reward them with more money. We have  been trying to get a complete audit of this Pentagon for 17 years, and  you know what they argue? They say: We are too big to be audited. How  galling is that, when your government tells you that we are too big to  be audited?   This goes on decade after decade. Everybody in Washington complains  about it. All the constituents complain about it. All of America  complains about it. Yet we do it time after time. Then, people say:  Well, look, this is a bipartisan deal. Kumbaya. Republicans and  Democrats are holding hands to spend more money.   It is the opposite of what you want. You want compromise in  Washington, but we should be compromising to spend less money, not  more. Every one of the Republicans--count them; you can look it up on  the internet--said that President Barack Obama was a spendthrift and he  had trillion-dollar deficits, and we railed day in and day out, year in  and year out against it, and rightfully so.   It was too much debt and too much spending. We were against that.  That is what I ran for office on. I am not about to turn my head the  other way and say it is fine because my party is doing it. That is what  this is about. It is pure, empty, partisan politics, where people are  saying: It is OK for Republicans to have debts, but it was bad for  Democrats to have debts.   It is time we stood up and said it is a rotten system and it should  end.   How will it end? It is never going to end by people always passing  the buck and saying: Oh, I am voting; this is my last continuing  resolution. I hate continuing resolutions. They are terrible. This is  my last one, but I am going to vote for one more--maybe next year or  actually in a month, because we will be doing this again in a month.   Do you realize that we are on our fourth continuing resolution? This  has nothing to do with the budget, and the media confuses this. They  say we have a budget deal. No, we have a continuing resolution deal.  This is not a budget. This isn't some sort of plan. This hasn't gone  through a committee. There are no appropriations bills that have gone  through committee. There is no oversight happening to your government.  So when I tell you that $356,000 was spent last year studying what  happens to Japanese quail when they are on cocaine--whether they are  more sexually promiscuous on cocaine--this is what your government is  spending money on. But it doesn't get any better because we never root  out the waste. In fact, the agency that has been doing this research  ends up getting more every year.   They are like: Oh, we like science. If you like science, you will  like this one. They took $700,000 from autism research, and they spent  it studying what Neil Armstrong said when he was on the moon. Did he  say ``one small step for man,'' or did he say ``one small step for a  man''? We spent $700,000 studying whether the preposition ``a'' was in  Neil Armstrong's statement. That is $700,000 that should have been  spent on autism.   This isn't really just about fiscal conservatism, although it is. It  is about how best to spend money for legitimate expenses. Every time  you spend money in a wasted way, you are taking away from something  that presumably was less wasteful. So this is a big deal.   Do I want to shut down the government? No. But do I want to keep it  open and not reform it? Hell, no. That is what is going on. It is a  trillion-dollar deficit this year. It is going to be bigger, probably,  but we were approaching a trillion dollars before they added $300  billion of new spending to this. So this is a problem. This is a big  deal.   I have said all day long that I will vote. Start the process. Open  the doors. We could have had 40 amendments today. We have been at this  all day, with the other side blocking amendments, trying to have no  debate and trying to close the door so a secret deal--a deal done in  secret--can be forced on everyone else.   So yes, we should have debate. Yes, we should have a vote. Let's have  a vote tonight on amendments. Let's have amendments. Let's determine  whether the American people or the Senate are really in favor of  busting the caps.   I have one amendment. I am not asking for a dozen amendments. I am  not asking for 100 amendments or 1,000 amendments. I am asking for one.  It takes 15 minutes.   So realize that all day these people wanted to paint a picture. They  are embarrassed, and I understand that. They are embarrassed by this  situation because they know the hypocrisy is thicker than pea soup.  They know the hypocrisy is out there. They railed and they railed  against President Obama's debt--trillion-dollar deficits. Every one of  them railed against it, and now they have to vote tonight for a  trillion-dollar deficit. That is the problem here. So there is a  certain embarrassment to bring this up. The embarrassment causes them  to say: We don't want any amendments. We don't want to discuss this.  They ought to be discussed, and so much more should be discussed.   It isn't just that we are blocking amendments or debate on spending  or that we are not doing our job on appropriations bills. We are also  not doing our constitutional duty on the declaration of war. This was  something the Founding Fathers were explicit on. The power to declare  war was given to Congress in article I, section 8--given to Congress.  In fact, there is discussion of this. There was extensive discussion of  this. Almost every Founding Father weighed in on the fact that war  should be declared by the legislature. Madison put it this way. He said  that the executive branch is most prone to war; therefore, with steady  care, that power was vested in the legislature.    When was the last time we declared war? Well, officially, we haven't  declared war since World War II, but we have sort of voted. At least we  came to Congress--at least George Bush came to Congress when we went to  Afghanistan the first time and when we went to Iraq the first time, and  there were votes. But those votes were long ago, nearly a generation  ago. They really don't apply to anything we are doing now, and there is  a certain intellectual dishonesty by those who continue to say that the  vote to go into Afghanistan has anything to do with what we are doing  over there now. There is no military solution there, and that also ties  into our budgetary problems.   We do not have enough money to build nations around the world and  think that we can build our Nation here at home. So when people talk  about nation building, I say: Yes, you are right, but we need to do  some nation building here.   The President has talked about a $1 trillion infrastructure plan, but  there is no money for it. So we are borrowing $1 trillion before we get  started with people advocating for a $1 trillion infrastructure plan.  There is no money. If we want to find the money, we have to make  difficult choices.   As people come to my office, they say: We want money for X; we want  money for Y; we want money for Z. I listen carefully, I listen  sympathetically, and I try to say: Look, we are a rich country. We  ought to be able to do what you are asking. Yet we have a $1 trillion  deficit, and everything has to be reflected by the fact that we are out  of money and horribly spending a great excess of what comes in. But  nobody is making these difficult choices because we just keep adding on  to the tab. We basically just borrow more money.   When President Obama was President, we were--under George W. Bush, we  went from $5 trillion to $10 trillion in total debt. With President  Obama, we went from $10 trillion to $20 trillion. We are almost at that  same curve again. In fact, we may be escalating that curve as we speak.  As Republicans, we all criticized that enormous debt and said that it  was a bad thing for our government. There was a debt commission, and  there was all of this discussion and a lot of pandering. I was one of  those who was concerned, and I am still concerned.   We have this debt that continues to escalate. Yet what do Republicans  do when they are in charge? You remember the stories. If you were asked  to help Republicans, they said: Well, we took over the House, but that  will only--we control one-half of one-third of government. We can't get  everything we want. So it didn't happen.  [[Page S836]]    Then we took over the Senate. We controlled one-third of government,  and they said: Well, we have to have the Presidency.   Then, lo and behold, we won the Presidency. We have all of the  branches of government, yet we still are putting forward a spending  bill that will be the equivalent of a $1 trillion deficit.   Is it wrong to point that out? Is it wrong to want better of your own  party? Is it wrong to think that we ought to do our job, that we ought  to go into an appropriations process? The House actually did it. People  say: Oh, we can't do that anymore. The House of Representatives passed  all 12 appropriations bills. It can be done.   Actually, maybe it is not the panacea I would hope in the sense that  there is still too much money being spent, even in the appropriations  process. It really needs to go hand in hand with two things. We should  still do the appropriations bill. There are 12 departments of  government; let's pass them one at a time. But we should also keep in  mind, as we are spending money or voting to spend money, that the  Constitution limits very much what the Congress can do. There are  enumerated powers given to Congress under article I, section 8. That is  what we are supposed to do. This was a big deal to the Founding  Fathers. In fact, they were very specific that those rights not listed  were not to be disparaged, so the listing of the Bill of Rights was a  partial listing of your rights. But they were also very careful to say  that the powers that were granted to the Federal Government were a  complete list, and anything not listed in the powers granted would be  retained by the people and the States--by the States and the people,  respectively.   Part of our problem is that we decided we wanted a government that is  everything to everyone. You ask yourself: Is one party better than the  other? Maybe at times. But, really--if you are looking for  responsibility--they want to cast blame. All of a sudden, I, myself, am  somehow responsible for the whole problem here. Actually, I have made  them angry, and they are very upset with me because I have made it  difficult. We are going to have to be up late tonight, and they are  angry that I am pointing out their hypocrisy. That is a big problem,  and nobody likes to have that pointed out. But if we don't, if we just  continue on this course, I think there is a great danger to the Nation.   I think there is a day of reckoning coming, and I think that our debt  eventually could get the better of us, that it could really threaten  the underpinnings, the undergirding of our country, and it could do it  in a couple of different ways.   For some time now, we have manipulated interest rates through the  Federal Reserve. We kept them below the market rate, which led to a  huge housing bubble and a housing correction. We don't really have a  housing bubble happening, but many of you may have noticed that there  has been a huge stock market bubble. There is a question as to whether  the fury of that has been fed by Fed policy and whether the desire to  keep interest rates low to make it cheap to borrow money--whether  someday we will have a boom that leads to a bust. I really think that  is a worry.   The stock market has been very jittery in the last few days. I think  some of that has to do--it is funny how people interpret it. Some on  the left will say: Oh, the stock market is jittery because the  government might shut down for 2 hours. That is the dumbest thing I  have ever heard in my life. But it could be, perhaps, that they are  jittery because we have a government that is profligate in its  spending, is perpetually spending more than comes in, and has such a  great imbalance that maybe one-third of what we are doing here is  financed.    They say: Well, it would be one thing to actually finance a house or  something like that, but if you are financing your rent or if you are  financing your groceries each month, there is a problem. We are having  trouble paying our day-to-day expenses because we are borrowing them.   Much has been said about the military needing money, and I believe in  a strong national defense. In fact, I believe that our national defense  is actually the most important thing the Federal Government does. It is  one of those things that State government can't do. So, yes, I want a  strong national defense, but you have to ask yourself whether a $20  trillion debt makes us a stronger country or a weaker country.   I think it was Admiral Milligan who said that, currently, the No. 1  threat to our country is our national debt. There is this question of  whether an insolvent nation can be a strong nation.   As we look through this, I think it would be wise to look at the  spending bill and say: This is not the way we should run a government,  and we, as Republicans--if we really, truly are conservative--should be  putting forward something that looks toward balance, at the very least,  instead of going the opposite way.   I would ask the Senate to really take a look at themselves, to look  in the mirror and say: Is this really what we stand for? Is this what  we have been running for all these years, to control government and  then be no different from our counterparts across the aisle?   I think today is a day of reflection but hopefully a day where there  will be some who will say: Enough is enough. I am not going to do it  anymore.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cruz). The Senator from Utah.   