 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to  division C of the Appropriations bill related to the Department of  Veterans Affairs.   In September 2017, the VA issued a plan to shift funding away from  programs that helped homeless veterans. After national outcry, the  proposal was tabled, but that attempt is the reason for my amendment.   Its goal is simple: It prohibits taking funding from VA programs that  provide services to homeless veterans, including the Homeless Providers  Grant and Per Diem program, a clinical rehabilitation and treatment  program, the Supportive Services for Veteran Families Program, and HUD- VASH housing vouchers.   Congress has made money available in a bipartisan way to reduce  homelessness for veterans. It is unconscionable that the VA would use  funds specifically intended for that purpose on another purpose.   San Diego County has the third-largest veterans population  nationwide, behind Los Angeles and Maricopa Counties. This is why,  since being elected, I have worked with my colleagues to provide more  funding and services to veterans who are homeless or at risk of  becoming homeless. I have furthered this work over the last year and a  half as a member of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs.   These vets took an oath to protect our country, and now America must  keep its promise to take care of them. They should not be struggling,  and they most certainly should not be living on the streets.   San Diego has achieved some progress in getting vets off the streets  and into housing in recent years. Other cities, like Salt Lake City,  New Orleans, and Houston, have reached functional zero, which means  that homelessness among veterans is rare, brief, and nonrecurring. But  across the country, the problem is still far too prevalent.   I ask my colleagues to support this amendment that will help protect  valuable resources that our veterans desperately need, and I look  forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  fund veterans homelessness programs and to make sure that Federal  dollars committed to that purpose are used for that important need.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   