 Mr. President, I want to begin by thanking a number  of my colleagues who have contributed so much to bringing us to this  point on S.J. Res. 54. I have been very pleased and honored to work  with them in cosponsoring these measures in the past--most recently in  March and now today--to end all U.S. involvement in the Saudi-led war  in Yemen that is killing innocent civilians and murdering children and  committing, arguably, war crimes.   The United States should have no complicity in these actions that  betray our values and our national interest, so this resolution would  direct the removal of all U.S. Armed Forces from hostilities.   There are many to thank--Senators Sanders and Lee, Senator Menendez,  and my colleague from Connecticut, Senator Murphy--but I want to thank  some people who have not been mentioned during this proceeding   Before Yemen and before the killing of Khashoggi--that is, before the  civil war in Yemen and the Saudi involvement in it and before the  brutal, heinous killing of the American journalist Jamal Khashoggi-- there was 9/11. The victims and loved ones of those victims are  remembered by me. They are friends. They are heroes. They have fought  relentlessly to hold the Government of Saudi Arabia accountable for its  culpability--not yet proven in court, but they are seeking to hold the  monarchy accountable for its possible involvement.   They have been largely absent from the discussion on this floor, but  they are the original champions of holding the Saudis responsible for  any and all possible involvement in supporting the 9/11 attack on our  Nation. Make no mistake--their loved ones were victims, but it was an  attack on our Nation, on the Twin Towers, on our Defense Department, on  a plane that was forced to crash in Pennsylvania.   I am pleased that the U.S. Senate is pursuing justice for Jamal  Khashoggi. He was a journalist, an opinion writer for an American  newspaper with two young children who are U.S. citizens.   The United States has a moral obligation to end support for a  government that engages in this kind of heinous, murderous action.  There is intelligence that points directly to the highest levels of the  Saudi monarchy--namely to the Crown Prince, Muhammad bin Salman.   The United States ought to end its support for the humanitarian  crisis caused by the Saudi-led war in Yemen. Make no mistake--it was  and is a Saudi-led attack, and the Kingdom is responsible for it, but  this monarchy was doing bad things and engaged in bad behavior well  before the Yemen civil war and Khashoggi's tragic death. The Saudis  have a long record of violating human rights and international norms.  They have funded extremism that led to the rise of terrorism. They may  well have provided financial support and even training for the Saudis  who went to the United States and thereafter enabled and led and  participated in the attack on this Nation.   We should never forget the survivors and the loved ones of 9/11. We  should never overlook the Saudi role in that horrific attack. We should  never relent in supporting those 9/11 families.   Fortunately, we have made progress in holding Saudi Arabia  accountable for its culpability in 9/11. In 2016, this Congress  unanimously passed the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act-- JASTA--to allow terrorist victims their day in court, their fair  opportunity to hold accountable state sponsors of terrorism, including  the Saudi Arabian Government. This September, the Senate unanimously  passed my resolution to release all classified documents related to the  9/11 attack. These documents are absolutely essential to giving those  families their day in court because they are the evidence that is  needed to establish the link the United States has--intelligence dating  from those days now seemingly long ago--that inculpates the Saudis.   We must support the continued investigation into 9/11 by our law  enforcement and intelligence agencies, and we must support those 9/11  families to ensure that the facts are made public and that the  necessary individuals, entities, and governments are held accountable.   The families of victims who perished on that horrific day deserve  answers about those events and circumstances surrounding the terrorist  attack. We know their pain and grief are very much with them. We should  respect their loss and honor it with action.   We should recognize those heroes like Brett Eagleson of Connecticut  and the families of Connecticut and New York and New Jersey and all  around the country--and so many are from our area of New York,  Connecticut, and New Jersey--who continue to demand justice and have  done so year after year--well before this resolution came before us.   I say to my colleagues today, we need to keep our resolve alive and  well to never forget, never yield to hopelessness, never allow our  support for these 9/11 families to diminish, never cease our quest for  justice in the name of Brett Eagleson's dad and his family and every  family who still suffers the pain and grief from 9/11.   Given the role of the Saudi Government in perpetrating the 9/11  attacks, the brutal murder of Jamal Khashoggi, and the Saudi-inflicted  humanitarian crisis, this reevaluation of the U.S. relationship with  Saudi Arabia is long overdue.   The Saudi-led war has consisted of an aggressive campaign as brutal  as the murder of Jamal Khashoggi, indiscriminately killing civilians  and Houthis alike. Day after day, the humanitarian crisis of famine,  cholera, other medical afflictions, and simple trauma to those children  trying to grow up in the midst of exploding bombs continues to get  worse. The United Nations warns that 14 million Yemenis could face  starvation--14 million--14 million innocent people facing starvation.   Diplomatic efforts, in coordination with the United Nations and  European allies, are vital to establish a peace framework and ensure  civilian access to humanitarian aid.   In the absence of meaningful action from the United States, the  humanitarian crisis in Yemen will only worsen. Regional instability  will be exacerbated. America's standing in the global community will be  further undercut and enduringly diminished.   In March of this year, I led a letter to the Department of Defense  with my colleague Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island, along with many of  our colleagues on the Senate Armed Services Committee, stating our  concern regarding U.S. support for Saudi military operations against  the Houthis in Yemen and asking about the DOD's involvement, apparently  without appropriate notification of Congress, and its agreements to  provide refueling support to the Saudis and the Saudi coalition  partners. We were concerned that the DOD had not appropriately  documented reimbursements for aerial refueling support provided by the  United States.   Eight months later--just days ago--the Department of Defense  responded to our letter and admitted that it has failed to  appropriately notify Congress of its support agreements; it has failed  to adequately charge Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates for fuel  and refueling assistance. That admission 8 months after our inquiry is  a damning indictment. These errors in accounting mean that the United  States was directly funding the Saudi war in Yemen. It has been doing  it since March of 2015.   In November, the administration announced an end to U.S. aerial  refueling support for Saudi military operations in Yemen, but we still  must determine whether the Department of Defense was incompetent or  disingenuous--or both--in failing to charge the Saudis and Emiratis for  previous refueling assistance. We need accountability, a full  explanation from the Department of Defense.   The Department will be seeking reimbursement for its refueling  support, but I will continue to demand and conduct oversight to get to  the bottom of this apparent negligence. I have made the DOD aware of my  concerns, and I will evaluate whether an inspector general  investigation is necessary to determine the extent to which U.S.  taxpayer funds--potentially millions and tens of millions of dollars-- were used to fund the Saudi war and used to fund it without the legally  required acknowledgment and approval from the Congress of the United  States.  [[Page S7501]]    Very simply, the United States should not be funding this war. We  should not be supporting this war. We should not be providing  intelligence or logistics support. We should not be complicit in the  indiscriminate targeting of civilians in Yemen, the murder of children,  the famine and humanitarian crisis that are ongoing right now. That is  why today we should pass this resolution.   It is all the more important today, as well, that the Senate take a  stand, given the Trump family ties to the Saudis and the President's  habit of undermining the intelligence community. In the absence of  leadership from the President, Congress must reassert its  constitutional responsibility to authorize the use of U.S. military  support.   We must take action to uphold the Constitution, as well as American  values and interests. Intelligence assessments indicate with high  certainty that members of the Saudi royal family, including the Crown  Prince MBS, ordered and orchestrated the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. But  both President Trump and his son-in-law Jared Kushner have undermined  these findings and tried to stifle the intelligence community  conclusions. They have undermined not only these conclusions but more  broadly the intelligence community itself.   President Trump has debased and dishonored brave intelligence  professionals by demeaning their fact-based conclusions as  ``feelings.'' President Trump has falsely claimed that ``we may never  know all the facts surrounding the murder of Mr. Jamal Khashoggi.''   His Secretary of State and Secretary of Defense, unfortunately, have  further demeaned those findings by saying that there is no direct  evidence or there is no smoking gun. The fact is that there is powerful  and compelling evidence.   We know from public statements of my colleagues coming from briefings  by the intelligence community, and we recently learned that the White  House Middle East adviser--I should put ``adviser'' in quotes--Jared  Kushner offered advice to his close friend Muhammad Bin Salman about  how to ``weather the storm'' during the warranted backlash of Saudi  Arabia after the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. Rather than ensuring  accountability, Jared Kushner is inexplicably offering support.   There is also stunning evidence that the Saudi Government lobbyists  reserved blocks of rooms at the Trump hotel in Washington, paying for  an estimated 500 nights in the luxury hotel just 3 months after  President Trump was elected, bringing veterans to Washington to lobby  against JASTA, the bill I mentioned earlier--the bill that enables the  9/11 victims to have their day in court, the bill that upholds American  interests and American values and American people.   The effort of the Saudi Government to bring those veterans to  Washington and fund their stays in the Trump hotel was a despicable  irony and insult to America, but it yielded the Trump Organization  $270,000 and millions of dollars, by the President's own  acknowledgment--indeed, his boasting--go to the Trump organization from  condos, apartments, and offices rented or bought in New York, Chicago,  and Washington, DC, to say nothing of deals that may be contemplated by  the Trump Organization now or after Donald Trump leaves office. These  kinds of payments and benefits directly implicate the emoluments clause  of the Constitution. They are part of the reason that I have enlisted  almost 200 of my colleagues in the U.S. Congress in a lawsuit called  Blumenthal v. Trump, and I believe this lawsuit, which claims that the  President violated the chief anti-corruption provision of the U.S.  Constitution, will shed even more light on those payments and benefits  from Saudi Arabia and other countries around the world. These  friendships and conflicts of interest demonstrate the very flawed and  likely corrupt basis for the Trump administration's foreign policy with  Saudi Arabia.   American credibility is at stake. We must end all U.S. involvement in  the Saudi war. We must sanction the top levels of the Saudi monarchy  under relevant statutes like the Global Magnitsky Act. We must ensure  that the President removes U.S. forces from any hostilities against the  Yemeni people.   There are countless reasons to vote for this resolution. I call on my  colleagues to support it and to make sure that U.S. support for this  unacceptable conflict in Saudi--the aggression and attacks by Saudi  Arabia on innocent civilians--is ended now.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   