 Mr. President, I am pleased to come and talk today.   This is a week where we had all anticipated a return to the Senate,  where ideas are widely debated. I was standing by the majority leader  last week when he was talking about this, and he said that we will let  a thousand flowers bloom. It didn't sound like something Senator  McConnell would normally use as a reference, but he did, and I am  thinking, well, that would be a good thing, to see a thousand different  ideas widely debated on the Senate floor.   So far this week, there has not been any debate because we can't seem  to agree on who votes on what first. I think that is a particular level  of dysfunction that we should all be concerned about. For the Senate to  do its work, we have to be willing to vote and we have to be willing to  take some hard votes. My sense of politics today is, whether you have  taken the vote or not, someone is going to accuse you of taking that  vote. So you might as well not worry about the vote you take; just  worry about the work we get done and whatever votes are necessary to be  taken to get that done.   On this topic, it does seem to me that we have two issues here that  should be solved, two issues on which there is broad agreement. I have  said for a long time that there are really three questions in the  immigration debate that need to be answered: No. 1, how do we secure  the border; No. 2, what are the legitimate workforce needs of the  country; and No. 3, what do we do with people who came and stayed  illegally?   As we think about securing the border, by the way, half the people  who are in the country illegally came legally and just stayed. So it is  not all a border issue, but it clearly is partly and significantly a  border issue.   One of the things that people expect a government to be able to do is  to secure its own borders. Often, when we hear a story of a country  somewhere in the world in which the government has disintegrated and is  no longer in control of the country, one of the first things that are  mentioned by people talking about that dysfunctional government is that  they don't control their own borders. It truly is a legitimate  expectation of a functioning government that you control your own  borders. It is also a legitimate expectation of government that you  look at  [[Page S944]]  your economy and you look at what workforce needs you have that aren't  being met and figure out the best way to meet those workforce needs.   In this debate, because we haven't controlled our borders and because  we haven't kept track of people who legally crossed our borders and as  a result, we have some number of people--usually the estimate is about  11 million people in the country--who are not here legally, what do we  do with those people?   My view has always been that if the government met its primary  responsibility, which is an immigration system that works, the American  people would be very forward-leaning about those other two issues,  because nobody really argues that if we don't have people here to do  the work that needs to be done, whether it is highly skilled or not  highly skilled, we ought to be thinking about what we need to do to get  people here who can do that work. Also, what do we need to do to keep  people here who came here to get training to do highly skilled jobs and  graduated from colleges and universities or other skill-enhancing  things that happened while they were here. If they want to stay, my  view is that if they didn't do anything that got them in trouble while  they were here, we should almost always want them to stay. If we don't  have that skill set in our economy, why wouldn't we come up with ways  to reach out and get it?   Those who are not here legally, generally, I think if people thought  the problem was solved, if they thought that the government had truly  met its responsibility to operationally control the borders and that  the government had met its responsibility to keep track of who comes in  legally and know if they have left or not--I mean, there is no retail  store in America that doesn't have a better sense of its inventory than  we do of whether people who have legally come into the country and  checked in with a Customs officer--we don't know if they have left. We  couldn't tell you in weeks, perhaps, whether somebody is still here,  even if they did everything exactly the way they were supposed to do  it.   This debate is largely driven by the most sympathetic of all of those  groups: that group of people who came here and were brought here by  someone else who entered the country illegally--often by their own  parents--but have grown up in America.   My first response, and I think the response of most Americans when  they think about that, is that kids who grew up here, kids who went to  school here, kids who haven't gotten in bad trouble while they were  here, kids who have no real memory or connection with the country they  were brought from--of course we want them to stay; of course we want  them to be part of our economy. Because they are an even younger  society than we would be without them, why wouldn't we want that to  happen?   In some respects, we have two separate issues here. People who were  raised here, who have done everything that anybody else would do to  acclimate as an American in all ways, who went to school here, who did  everything else here--70 or 80 percent of the American people, and I  occasionally see a number even higher than that, believe they should be  allowed to stay.   More and more, as people think about that, they also believe that  after they have been here, like any other immigrant who came to the  country legally, they would eventually be able to take the test and go  through the process to become a citizen. That is a widely accepted  premise that this debate should be built on.   Another widely accepted premise that this debate should be built on  is that 70 percent or so of the American people--and it would be a  higher percentage if people really knew the facts--believe the  government has not met its responsibility to secure our own borders.   Let's assume that number is 70. We have two 70 percent issues. We  would assume that a working Congress could take two 70 percent issues  and come up with a solution that makes its way to the President's desk  and solves both of these problems.   We are not going to solve these problems by saying: OK, we are going  to solve the problem for people who are already here, but we are not  going to do anything to make it harder for others to be brought here  illegally by someone who has control of them. We are not going to solve  that? Of course that is not going to work.   I don't think whether you signed up for DACA should be a determiner,  and apparently the President agrees. If you are here and in the  category of those who were brought here and grew up here, whether you  signed up as a DACA kid, you could still be part of that overall  discussion of how to stay, and you still get to stay if we can come up  with a solution for you to do that.   But we are not going to solve that problem and say: We will have a  study of the other problem to see what is wrong. If by now we largely  don't know what is wrong with the other problem, we are never going to  figure out what is wrong with the other problem.   In 1986, long before the Presiding Officer or I came to Congress and  maybe long before some of us graduated from high school, we were going  to solve this problem. Everybody who was here illegally could stay if  they wanted to, and the borders would be made secure. Here we are, over  three decades later, still debating the same thing.   We need to solve both of these problems. If we can solve other  problems while we are doing it, that is fine, too, but we need to come  up with a solution. There are a number of ideas out there as to how the  Senate should move forward.   On the DACA issue, it is important to remember that President Trump  said: I am going to give the Congress 6 more months to solve this  problem--until March 5. It is also important to know that the courts  have allowed people to continue to sign up, so really the deadline is  somewhere beyond March 5. But the President said: I am going to give  Congress 6 more months.   President Obama didn't do anything about this for years--not because  he didn't want to, I believe, but because he said he didn't have the  ability to. President Obama repeatedly said: The President cannot solve  this problem; Congress has to solve the problem. In spite of 6 or 7  years of saying that he couldn't solve this problem on his own, he  ultimately decided to try to do it with an Executive order.   The truth is, that Executive order was never going to do the job. I  think President Obama knew that. When President Trump did his own  order, he probably also knew he didn't have the ability to do that any  more than President Obama had to do what he did. But both of these  Presidents in their own way have tried to drive the Congress toward  making a decision that comes up with a plan that works--a plan that  works for kids who were brought here with no choice in the matter and a  plan for seeing to it that kids can't still be easily brought here with  no choice. We need to let young people come here because we need them  here as part of our workforce, as part of our country.   Legal immigration is what made America great. The rule of law is also  what makes our country what it is. We can't continue to let immigration  be an area where we have decided there are laws that we will not  enforce.   The challenge for the Congress right now is to come up with a  solution so that this problem is not going to continue to be the same  problem it is today, but as far as the problem today, we are going to  solve it. We are going to solve it in a way that lets kids who grew up  here become part of the solution.   I continue to be committed to strengthening our borders. I continue  to be committed to stemming the tide of illegal immigration. Frankly, I  continue to be committed to the idea of legal immigration as part of  continually reinforcing and re-enthusing who we are. But I am also  committed to finding a permanent solution for young people in that  category who were brought here, grew up here, haven't gotten in trouble  while here, and have every reason to want to be part of the American  dream and part of the American people whom they have been part of up  until now.   I hope we can find common ground on a bill that does that. I hope we  can pass a bill from the Senate that the House will also pass. If  Senators think they have done their job by passing a bill that can't  possibly pass the House, that is just kicking the can down the road. We  need to find a solution that really resolves this problem, and we solve  this problem by putting a bill on the President's desk. To do that, we  are going to  [[Page S945]]  have to vote. We can't do that by just having a quorum call or a  vacancy here on the Senate floor. We have to be willing to vote.   There are some things that I will enthusiastically vote for and some  things I will reluctantly not be able to vote for. But that doesn't  mean that I should say: If I can't be for whatever is brought to the  Senate floor, then I don't want to vote on it or debate it.   We can't continue to tune in to a vacant screen of the Senate floor.  This is the week that we have all committed to having a real debate  about solving as many problems as we can that relate to kids who were  brought here and grew up here and solving that problem so other kids in  these numbers are not likely to face that problem in the future.   As I yield, I hope the floor is filled over the next couple of days  with a vigorous debate about the best way to solve the problem before  us in a way that the people we work for will feel good about it and the  people who are most impacted by our decision will feel equally the  concern, the warmth, and the desire of our country to have a vibrant  economy that has people who want to be part of it, able to be part of  it, and particularly people who grew up in the United States of America  to be part of it.   I yield the floor.   