 Mr. Chairman, I am proud today to rise in support of H.R.  6157, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for fiscal year  2019.   I, too, want to commend Chairwoman Granger, Ranking Member Visclosky,  and every member of our subcommittee for their commitment in providing  for the common defense. I am honored by the opportunity to work with  them to fulfill our duty to our Nation and our warfighters.   Earlier this year, Mr. Chairman, this body and our President made a  strong commitment to our military by passing necessary funding  increases to meet our growing global threats. I am happy to report this  bill continues that momentum by rebuilding readiness and giving our  troops the equipment they need to combat near-peer threats.   Most importantly, this bill supports our warfighters through  investments in training, recruitment, and retention, while providing  them a much-deserved pay raise.   I am particularly pleased that the bill prioritizes funding for the  total force. Mr. Chairman, as a 30-year veteran of the National Guard,  I know firsthand the important role the National Guard and Reserve  forces play in our national defense. They are no longer simply a  strategic reserve. They operate side-by-side with members of the Active  component every day, and this bill makes sure that they go into the  fight with necessary training and equipment.   This is a good bill, Mr. Chairman, and I am proud to see it makes  significant investments in Arkansas' defense industry and acknowledges  the important role these Arkansas businesses play in supplying our  Armed Forces.   With an ally in the White House, we can work with our colleagues in  the Senate to provide our defenders what they need and deserve, and  that is our unyielding support.   I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make a  statement of strength today and to show our enemies that, regardless of  our disagreements, we will always support our men and women who  willingly go into harm's way to defend America's freedom.  [[Page H5718]]    I urge a ``yes'' vote on the bill.   