 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there be 1 hour  of debate on my amendment, No. 2366, equally divided between the  opponents and proponents, and that following the use or yielding back  of that time, the Senate vote on the amendment.    Mr. President, I appreciate my colleague's opinions, the  Senator from South Carolina. I would like to respond for a moment and  speak for a few minutes about a bipartisan compromise that I have  introduced, along with the senior Senator from California, Mrs.  Feinstein.   The legislation I am referring to is called the Due Process Guarantee  Act, which Senator Feinstein and I have introduced. It has also been  offered up as an amendment to the legislation now before this body, to  the National Defense Authorization Act.   Alexander Hamilton, in his writing of Federalist No. 84, called  arbitrary imprisonment one of the ``favorite and most formidable  instruments'' of tyrants and with good reason. The Constitution  includes safeguards against this form of tyranny, including the writ of  habeas corpus and the guarantee that American citizens will not be  ``deprived of life, liberty, or property'' by the government ``without  due process of law.'' If you are going to take away people's life or  liberty or property, you have to give them due process. You can't do it  without that. That is by mandate of the Constitution. It is made  applicable to the Federal Government through the Fifth Amendment, and  it is made applicable to the States through the 14th Amendment.   Our commitment to these rights has, of course, been tested in times  of crisis. This is what happens to our rights when crises erupt. Sadly,  tragically, I would add, we as Americans have not always passed these  tests. We have not always emerged unscathed from the temptation to dip  into the well of deprivation of due process in times of crisis.   During the Second World War, for example, President Franklin  Roosevelt unilaterally authorized the internment of over 100,000  Japanese Americans for fear that they would spy against the United  States--100,000 Americans just based on the fear that they might spy  against the United States. To be sure, the government did not--neither  President Roosevelt nor anyone in his administration--present any kind  of evidence that these Americans--the 100,000 Americans who were  imprisoned at that time--posed any kind of threat to our country. There  was not one piece of evidence--not one shred, not one scintilla-- presented to that effect. In fact, most of these Americans were  themselves native-born citizens. They were eligible, in that respect,  to run for President of the United States. Many had never visited Japan  in their entire lives. Many didn't speak the language spoken in Japan.   That episode in our Nation's history was tragic, and it remains a  blight on our record to this very day. It is also an example that is,  sadly, personal to the State I represent. You see, the U.S. Government  unjustly detained thousands of Japanese Americans in Utah at the Topaz  War Relocation Center. Japanese-American internment is, perhaps, the  most dramatic and shameful instance of this kind of detention in our  Nation's history. Unfortunately, it is not the only instance.   In 1950, in a climate of intense fear about Communist infiltration of  the government, Congress enacted the McCarran Internal Security Act and  did so over President Harry Truman's veto. That law contained an  emergency provision that allowed the President of the United States to  detain any person he thought might spy on the United States.   Think for a minute about what that means--that one person was then  vested with this authority to delve most deeply into someone's due  process rights without providing him with any due process at all. That  is scary. That is the very kind of thing that the Constitution was  designed to protect against. There is the due process clause,  certainly, but the whole point of having a Constitution in the first  place is to protect the people from the dangers that are inevitably  presented by the excessive accumulation of power in the hands of the  few.   Then more recently, in the post-9/11 era, there has been, of course,  some renewed pressure to diminish our constitutional protections--our  liberty--in the name of security. Lawmakers from both parties have  authorized the detention of Americans who have been suspected of  terrorism--their detention indefinitely without charge, without trial,  and without meeting the evidentiary standard that is required for every  other crime--potentially, for the rest of their lives.   You see, this happened just a few years ago in this very Chamber. If  I had not been here at the time, I might have accused whoever was  describing this of engaging in some sort of paranoid fantasy, in some  sort of odd hyperbole, for the purpose of making a point. No. This  actually happened in the National Defense Authorization Act that  President Obama signed into law for fiscal year 2012. Congress  authorized the indefinite military detention of suspected terrorists,  including of American citizens, who are apprehended on U.S. soil.   These episodes--the Japanese-American internment, the McCarran  Internal Security Act, and the 2012 NDAA--are significant. They are  teachable moments, if you will. In all three cases, the United States  faced real threats from formidable foes--foes that were hostile to our  very core values as a nation, foes that were not comfortable with the  idea that we as Americans share in common--the belief in the  fundamental, inherent dignity of the human soul. Instead of defying our  foes by holding fast to those core values, we jettisoned them in a  panic. Fear and secrecy won out. The Constitution lost. Liberty lost.   Thankfully, that is not the whole story. There have also been times  when Americans have stood up to the Constitution even in the face of  threats, especially in the face of threats, thus, sending a really  strong message to the totalitarian forces arrayed against us. For  instance, in 1971, Congress passed the Non-Detention Act, stating, ``No  citizen shall be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the United States  except pursuant to an act of Congress.''   Congress can make another stand for the Constitution by allowing a  vote on this amendment, by allowing a vote on the Due Process Guarantee  Act amendment to the NDAA.   What, you might ask, is the Due Process Guarantee Act?   In short, this bill presented as an amendment would raise the bar  that the government has to clear in order to claim and assert the right  to detain indefinitely American citizens and lawful permanent residents  who are apprehended on U.S. soil. It would forbid the  [[Page S3751]]  government from justifying such detentions by using general  authorizations of military force, such as the 2001 AUMF against the 9/ 11 plotters.   Why, you might ask, would this even be necessary? Why would we even  need to consider doing this?   That is a very good question. It is a question that should be  directed toward those who inserted this language into the 2012 NDAA.   Under this legislation, under this amendment as it has been proposed,  the government would have to obtain the explicit written  authorization--statutory authorization--of Congress, which is the  branch of government most accountable to the people at the most regular  intervals, before approving the detention of Americans--without charge,  that is--if they are captured in the United States.   This isn't too much to ask. Some would say this is far too little to  ask. It is something that is required both by the letter and by the  spirit of our Constitution, by the very concept of liberty, and by the  very concept alluded to earlier that each human soul has inherent  dignity that needs to be respected by our government. So the Due  Process Guarantee Act is based on a very simple premise: If the  government wants to take the extraordinary step of apprehending  Americans on U.S. soil without charge or trial, it should get  extraordinary permission from Congress.    Now, to be very clear, if my colleagues want to grant the government  this power, that power over their own constituents, their own voters,  the very people who elected them into office, then by all means let's  have that debate and let's have that discussion. If they want to do  that, let them authorize it themselves. I hope I never see the day that  happens, but I hope we all agree that Congress should have to agree  before any such step is taken. Members of Congress should not simply  hide behind vague, broad authorizations so the voting public will not  or can't know what they are doing.   I am offering this amendment because of my faith in our law  enforcement officers and our judges who have successfully apprehended  and prosecuted and overseen the prosecutions of hundreds of homegrown  terrorists. Their example proves that our security is not dependent  upon a supercharged government and a correspondingly weakened  Constitution. We can secure the homeland without using the formidable  instruments of tyrants. Not only can we, but we must. This, after all,  is our constitutional imperative.   Each one of us, upon taking office, was required to take an oath to  uphold and defend this document, the U.S. Constitution. I hope, I  think, I expect, and in fact I am quite confident that the overwhelming  majority of our constituents and voters in every State in this country,  regardless of where they fit on the political continuum, where they  identify themselves on the political spectrum, agree it is not too much  to ask that if the government is going to arrest someone and detain  them, putting them into a position of incarceration indefinitely  without charge, without trial, is extraordinary. That kind of  extraordinary remedy perhaps ought never be approached, but, certainly,  if it is going to happen at all, it ought not ever happen without the  explicit statutory authorization from Congress.   All of this relates back to section 1021 of the 2012 National Defense  Authorization Act, which purports to authorize the government to just  indefinitely detain without trial American citizens and lawful  permanent residents--both of whom would be protected by my amendment-- who are captured in the United States.   Look, it is easy to look at this and to separate yourself from this  if you think this measure could apply only to bad people--maybe only to  bad people who don't look like people we ordinarily associate with.  Perhaps they don't look like they came from our neighborhood. Perhaps  they don't look like the kinds of people who ought to have protection,  but this is the very folly we should always seek to avoid. Either due  process is a thing or it is not. Either due process is a constitutional  imperative that we should be very reluctant to depart from ever or it  is not. Section 1021 of the 2012 NDAA represented a departure from  that.   Think of it this way. Your rights as an American citizen to be  charged in a certain way, to have access to a speedy trial, to have  access to counsel, your right to a whole host of constitutional  protections generally does not, and ought not ever be, something that  should be dependent upon how you are charged. If all the government has  to do is alter the way in which you were charged to allege that you  have been involved in some type of offense that can be characterized as  terrorist activity or the aiding and abetting of those who planned the  9/11 attack, if that is all that has to happen, then you are entrusting  an enormous amount of discretionary power to government, to a very  small handful of decisionmakers who themselves can deprive you of  everything that is dear to you--deprive you of those you love, of the  place you call home, and subject you to indefinite incarceration,  indefinite detention, without access to trial, without access to the  ability to confront your accusers in front of a jury of your peers.   This is a problem. It is a problem that would sound extreme if it  weren't true because it is, in fact, extreme.   We have gone now, for the last 6 or 7 years after this was passed  into law, without it getting a whole lot of attention. I think this is  unfortunate because this ought to be concerning to every single  American. If you exist on U.S. soil lawfully or if you are a citizen or  lawful permanent resident, this should concern you. Even if you are  not, even if you reside outside the United States or are here  temporarily--perhaps on a temporary visa of some sort--this should  worry you. If you believe in the American dream, if you believe in the  fundamental dignity of the human soul, this should bother you. The  extent to which you are bothered by this should grow even more severe  by virtue of the fact that we have this discussion this afternoon in  our Nation's Capitol, within the halls of what purports to be the  world's greatest deliberative legislative body, not in the context of  being on the precipice of casting a vote on this--no. We are having  this discussion of a simple request to vote up or down, yes or no, yea  or nay, on whether we should require Congress to state explicitly when  it is going to invoke this kind of extraordinary remedy. It defies  reason, it defies logic, it defies the rules, the customs, and  traditions of this great legislative body for us to refuse to cast a  vote on this.   By the way, about 5 years ago, a nearly identical version of the same  amendment passed through this body with 67 votes. Not only is that more  than a majority, but it is also more than the standard required to  close debate, and it is also a standard that is consistent with what is  required to overcome a Presidential veto. Yet somehow that measure  didn't make it into the final product. Somehow it didn't survive the  process of negotiation between the House and Senate. It didn't survive  the final bill as produced by the conference committee. So 5 years go  by, and we have been trying to get a vote on it ever since then. We  have been unsuccessful in doing so.    We are not asking for every Member to agree right now to support  this. What we are asking for is for them to weigh in and allow us to  cast a vote on this. You see, we have this quaint idea in this country  that being governed requires a certain amount of consent from those  being governed; that when the government does something, especially  something that could so deeply impact the lives of individual  Americans, it ought to be done with the consent of the governed through  their elected Senators and Representatives.   We have two people here from every State in the Union. I could say,  with a high degree of confidence, that if you polled not just the  American people at large, not just people within every State, but I  would add to that people within every demographic, people within every  political party, at least every political party that I know anything  about, people, regardless of race, sex, national origin, religious  affiliation, belief, or unbelief--I would bet an overwhelming majority  of people in every single category in every State of the Union would  say this is really troubling.   The fact that you would have a government that would be so bold in  the first instance as to claim the right,  [[Page S3752]]  which it did in the 2012 National Defense Authorization Act, to detain  indefinitely citizens of this country apprehended on U.S. soil without  charge, without trial, without access to counsel--and after having done  that a few years ago, this same body would refuse even to allow a vote  on whether future votes should be cast on whether this is appropriate.   The Senate, I am told, used to be a place--in fact, the history books  made clear it was, in fact, a place where extended debate and  discussion could be heard because we as a people tend to believe more  debate is preferable to less, more input is preferable to less input,  and that whenever government makes a decision, especially a profound  decision like the one we are talking about, that the people's elected  representatives ought to have some say in it.   It is an act of cowardice that we as a body would refuse to have  votes on something like this. So I say to my colleagues who object to  us even being able to cast a vote on this, what are you afraid of? What  is it that you fear so much about the American people that you are  unwilling to have a provision like this explored, examined, and get  voted on by the U.S. Senate? This doesn't have to take a long time. We  could easily have done it today. We could have done it in a matter of  hours, perhaps a matter of minutes. Is that really too much of a  sacrifice to ask for a few hours or a few minutes of our precious time  to vote on whether the U.S. Government should have the power to  indefinitely detain without charge, without trial, without counsel  American citizens on U.S. soil? I think not.   I inform my colleagues, with all the energy I am capable of  communicating, to please reconsider. Look in the mirror. Examine your  conscience. You decide whether you want to stand accountable to God and  the American people one day if and when this power is abused.   One thing we know about power is that when excessively accumulated in  the hands of a few, bad things happen. Human beings are flawed. They  are redeemable, but they are also flawed. That is why we have a  Constitution. That is why we are here. We are here to cast votes and to  stand accountable to the American people. I urge my colleagues to allow  a vote on this amendment.   I yield the floor.   