 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Tipton for managing the floor  today on this important bill.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Financial Services  Committee, Mr. Hensarling, for moving this very important bill, H.R.  2255, through the committee and on to the House floor.   Mr. Speaker, I congratulate and thank Mr. Trott, a terrific  representative from the State of Michigan, for all of his work on this  bill to help families and charitable organizations throughout our  country.   Mr. Speaker, the great State of Maine that I represent, the rural  part of our State, has the oldest average age in the country. We love  our seniors. I know not only in Maine, but across the country, they are  very special parts of our society. My parents are 89 and 87. I am very  involved in their lives, especially in their healthcare.   I worry, Mr. Speaker, about our seniors. I worry about their  healthcare. I worry about their safety. And one more thing I worry  about, Mr. Speaker, is about them becoming victims of financial scams.   Now, this happens throughout our country, and has increasingly so,  such that, today, almost $3 billion is the result of scamming our  seniors every single year. I will tell you, these con men, Mr. Speaker,  become very creative.   In particular, one type of scam that I have learned about just  absolutely hits me home. A grandmother receives an email from,  supposedly, a granddaughter, and this granddaughter is stuck overseas  in a country where she has been traveling. She is emailing her  grandmother, saying: ``Gram, I need money. I am in trouble. Can you  please wire $10,000 to this bank account in this country so I can get  home? And, by the way, please don't tell mom and dad.''   Mr. Speaker, can you imagine the confusion and the heartache that  grandparents would have receiving this sort of email?   Well, the good news, Mr. Speaker, is that the Senior Safe Act, which  I authored here in the House, along with Ms. Sinema, is embedded in Mr.  Trott's bill, H.R. 2255. This bill, the Senior Safe Act--now part of  Mr. Trott's bill--will help stop financial scams of seniors before they  happen.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    It is a commonsense bill, Mr. Speaker, such that if a  bank teller speaks to one of his or her customers they have known for  maybe decades, and the senior says, ``I would like to close my account  and wire the proceeds overseas,'' this bank teller can stop, pause,  call the authorities, and say, ``We might have a problem here, Mr.  Smith, so let's get back to you on that,'' and the teller can do this  without retribution from our privacy laws.   Mr. Speaker, I ask everybody, Republicans and Democrats, men and  women, to please support H.R. 2255, which the Senior Safe Act is  embedded in.   