 Mr. President, I rise today with my good friend Senator  Wyden, to acknowledge a major accomplishment of this body and to thank  those who were instrumental in helping us achieve it. Last month, after  years of work and decades of effort by many groups across the country,  Congress passed and the President signed into law the Family First  Prevention Services Act.  [[Page S1732]]    This effort is an example of bipartisanship at its best, and we are  proud to have stood with members on the other side of the Capitol in  seeing this through to the finish. In particular, we acknowledge Ways  and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, Ranking Member Richard Neal, former  Ranking Member Sander Levin, Speaker Paul Ryan, Minority Leader Nancy  Pelosi, and Congressmen Vernon Buchanan, Adrian Smith, and Danny Davis  for their work to make sure more families stay safely together--not to  mention the many other Members of the House who also supported this  effort. In this Chamber, we particularly extend our gratitude for the  leadership of Senators Charles Grassley and Michael Bennet and to the  many others who supported this work since Senate legislative efforts  first began on this issue in 2013.    Mr. President, this new law will also give children and  youth already in foster care new protections by making sure children  get the services they need in the setting best suited for them. It  creates robust standards for foster care providers operating group  homes, congregate care, and residential treatment facilities. It will  require these types of facilities to be equipped to meet children's  needs and provide services that help address the trauma they have faced  so they can return to live with family or be placed with a caring  foster family as soon as possible. It will also promote a model where  children are placed in these types of facilities only when they need  specific services that cannot be provided in another setting. Too  often, children who can and should be living in families end up in  group care simply because it is what is available, not because it is  the best place for the child. This law helps tip the scales toward  placing more children in family settings where children do best.   This new law amounts to the most significant changes to our child  welfare system in decades, and it simply would not have been possible  without the hard work, dedication, perseverance, education, and  technical assistance of so many advocates and experts across the  Nation. Today, we would like to acknowledge several such individuals,  including: Akin Abioye, MaryLee Allen, Schylar Baber, Lauren Behsudi,  William Bell, Mary Bissell, Celeste Bodner, Laura Boyd, Christine  Calpin, JooYeun Chang, Hope Cooper, Kristi Craig, Nicole Dobbins, Kay  Farley, Ruth Friedman, Ami Gadhia, Rob Geen, Elizabeth Rigby Gibson,  Christen Glickman, Lexie Gruber, Jesse Hahnel, Ron Haskins, Megan  Hauck, Anne Heiligenstein, Jeremy Kohomban, Joe Kroll, Sherry Lachman,  Zachary Laris, Brooke Lehmann, Jaia Lent, Rricha Mathur, Melanie  Nathanson, Barbara Pryor, Lindsay Punzenberger, Rebecca Robuck,  Jennifer Rodriguez, David Sanders, John Sciamanna, Stefanie Sprow,  Becky Weichhand, Nancy Young, and Megan Zuckerman.   