 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Bishop for yielding me the  time.   I would like to take a few minutes to talk about my bill, H.R. 857,  the California Off-Road Recreational and Conservation Act. The  California desert has long been a land of many uses. The local  economies depend on a combination of revenue from recreational off- highway vehicle use, known as OHV, mining, and tourism to our stunning  desert parks and wilderness areas.   Balancing these economic drivers is key to aligning Federal land use  policies. This bill is the product of years of outreach to local  governments, Tribes, off-highway vehicle users, conservation groups,  chambers of commerce, miners, and other stakeholders.   H.R. 857 will establish five off-highway vehicle recreational areas  in the California desert, as well as expand an existing OHV area. Three  of these OHV areas would also include expansion study areas. In total,  these 6 OHV areas cover 300,000 acres.   This bill creates additional protections for OHV users and ensures  that these areas cannot be closed administratively. Creating the  Nation's first  [[Page H5602]]  system of off-highway vehicle recreation areas will ensure that OHV  activity is conducted in appropriate locations, protecting other parts  of the desert.   The California Desert Protection Act of 1994 left the Mojave Desert  with hundreds of thousands of acres of wilderness study areas. In a  decade since then, these areas have been reviewed extensively for their  suitability as wilderness areas.   My bill would designate some of these areas as wilderness, primarily  within these wilderness study areas and Death Valley National Park,  while releasing other areas from the wilderness study that were found  to be unsuitable for wilderness designation.   Additionally, my bill would designate approximately 18,000 acres of  existing Federal land as the Alabama Hills National Scenic Area. This  would restrict large-scale projects, such as renewable energy  generation, while preserving all existing recreational and commercial  use of Alabama Hills. Activities such as filming, hiking, mountain  biking, rock climbing, hunting, fishing, and authorized motorized  vehicle use would be unaffected. Additionally, recreational mineral  prospecting, i.e., rockhounding, would continue.   This portion of H.R. 857 passed the House as a stand-alone bill in  the last Congress with unanimous support before stalling in the Senate.   The California Off-Road Recreation Conservation Act has the support  of San Bernardino County and Inyo County; the Metropolitan Water  District of Southern California; local cities; virtually every major  off-road vehicle group; environmental groups, such as the California  Wilderness Coalition, and the Pew Charitable Trusts; local chambers of  commerce; and Lone Pine Paiute-Shoshone Reservation.   There is no known opposition to this bill. H.R. 857 is the product of  years of grassroots work and represents a consensus on how to manage  our public lands in the California desert.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support its  passage.   