 Madam President, on November 23 of this year, we had  release of the Fourth National Climate Assessment, which is required to  be released under the Global Change Research Act that was passed by  Congress in 1990.   This climate assessment is put together by 300 experts, guided by a  60-member Federal advisory committee, including 13 Federal Agencies.  They rely heavily on the panel from the National Academy of Sciences.  My point is, this is the best scientific information we have as to the  risks of climate change. The Fourth National Climate Assessment, Volume  2, was issued on November 23, 2018.   Its conclusions should be sobering to all of us; that humans are  responsible for the current climate crisis and that we must take  responsibility to minimize future destruction.   Four years earlier, the first volume of the Fourth National Climate  Assessment was issued, and its prediction was that we would see  increased instances of flooding, wildfires, and higher temperatures.  Unfortunately, that has come to pass, as we have experienced this year  and in the last several years an unusually large number of flooding  episodes, wildfires that we have just experienced, and higher  temperatures.   The findings make two critical assertions in regard to how it will  affect our lifestyle. First, it said climate change is a growing risk  to the danger of human health. By human health danger, you can look at  the direct impact of climate change--those whose lives have been  forever changed as a result of storms or as a result of flooding or as  a result of wildfires or as a result of sea level rising. We know many  people have lost their lives, and their lives have been compromised as  a result of the reality of the new current weather conditions.   It also affects the safe supply of water--clean drinking water is  very much impacted by what is happening with climate change--and sea  level rises and the spread of diseases, from people who are suffering  from asthma to the spread of West Nile disease, and  [[Page S7338]]  many other examples of how climate change is accelerating those types  of conditions which have a major impact on human health.   The report then indicated that, yes, it directly affects the health  of the people of our country and the globe, but it also has a direct  economic impact. The damage affects, in a negative way, the rate of our  economic growth.   I will give you many examples why. Take a look at infrastructure  damage. We recognize that the bridges and the highways in this  country--our infrastructure--were not designed and constructed with the  realities of the weather conditions we are now experiencing. As a  result of much heavier damage that we have to deal with, adaptations  and changes, that affects the resources we have to devote to the new  realities of our infrastructure.   Coastal communities have been put at direct risk. First of all, I  have seen coastal communities shrink because of the loss of shoreline.  We know the risk factor for coastal communities affects their economic  growth. They have to deal with the cost of adaptation. That devotes  revenues that could be used for other purposes.   In addition, we have seen the economic challenges to agriculture and  the sustainability of agriculture. In many parts of the world, the  realities of climate change have taken away their traditional  livelihoods and sustainability of agricultural products.   We are also seeing a direct impact the climate is having on tourism,  which, for many communities, is a large part of their economic  activity.   The report estimates that the gross domestic product of this country  could be adversely affected by as much as 10 percent. That is a major  hit on our economic progress.   The United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change issued a  report in October 2018. That report indicated that by 2030, the  economic damage as a result of climate change could reach $54  trillion--that is trillion with a ``t.'' This is an economic crisis we  must address. We cannot ignore it. We must deal with it.   The good news is, mitigation and adaptation policies work. They work.  We can mitigate the causes of climate change by our activities here on  Earth. We can adapt to some of the realities of the new weather  conditions, but we are not doing it at a scale necessary today to avoid  substantial damage to human health and our economy. We have to step up  our game dramatically.   It disproportionately impacts the poor. The poor don't have the  resources in order to adapt or move or to deal as other people have.  They are trapped in more vulnerable communities, and they suffer more  as a result of it.   We could talk about every one of our States that are impacted by  this. In my State of Maryland, I have taken the floor to explain that  Ellicott City--a wonderful community in Howard County, MD, that has  what I call Main Street, which reminds you of Main Street America--has  had two 1,000-year floods in 20 months. These floods are unprecedented  because normally the flooding conditions are as a result of the rising  of the river next to Ellicott City, but these were floods caused by the  increased amount of rainfall in a short period of time that could not  be handled in its runoff, causing extreme damage. They have had two  1,000-year floods in 20 months.   We have flooding in Annapolis, which should be a concern to not only  the people of Maryland but to our Nation because of the importance that  Annapolis plays to our national security because of the Naval Academy.  The same could be said in Virginia, where there is a significant  challenge to our future military facilities as a result of their  coastal locations. In Baltimore City, we have had 25 heat-related  deaths in 2018. That is three times more than we saw in 2017.   There is no question that this affects Maryland, that it affects  every State in this Nation. This is an American issue and a global  issue.   There is a path forward. There is a path forward that is not terribly  difficult for us to embrace because it will not only help us deal with  climate change and the environment, but it will mean a better economic  future for us, and it is using energy sources that are plentiful,  meaning that there is a security advantage by doing the right thing for  our environment and our economy.   Green energy, conservation efficiencies, all are activities that can  help reduce greenhouse gas emissions and carbon emissions. It can  mitigate the damage. It will create more jobs.   With green energy, there are more jobs than there are in the fossil  fuel industry. It is less dependent. Fossil fuel is good for our  national security, since there is an abundance of the green energy  sources here in America and with our allies around the world.   In my own State, we have taken actions to reduce carbon emissions. We  have been effective in doing that, and it has been a plus for our  economy.   What we need is U.S. leadership. We saw that in 2015. I was proud to  be part of a 10-Member Senate delegation that went to Paris as we  entered into a global agreement to deal with our responsibilities to  change the trajectory for climate change.   The U.S. role in Paris was critical to get all the nations of the  world together with realistic strategies to reduce our carbon  emissions. I say that knowing full well that COP24 is meeting, as we  are meeting here, in Poland. This is a convention whose attention is  going to be to finalize the Paris Agreement Work Program--a rule book  of guidelines, procedures, and rules needed to turn the Paris Agreement  into a working system. Every country made commitments in Paris. We now  need to make sure that those commitments are carried out.    Shortly before the convening of COP24 in Poland, the G20 met in our  hemisphere, as I think everyone is familiar with--these are the  economic powers of the world, all the major economies of the world--and  they reaffirmed their commitment to Paris. The world economic powers  did that.   Now, what is happening in Poland and what happened in G20--every  country participated, except one. The G20 was actually G19 and their  commitment to implement the powers agreement--the United States,  through the Trump administration, did not join. Of course, in Poland  right now, the United States is not an active participant, since  President Trump announced that we would withdraw from the convention on  climate change known as COP. That is not leadership. The world will  always be better off with America in leadership, and we are missing  that leadership.   So my plea is that we need to step up. This should not be a partisan  issue. Climate change should not be a partisan issue. It is a human  rights issue; it is a human issue; it is a health issue; it is an  economic issue. We need to restore the U.S. leadership on this matter.  We can do that through our Tax Code. We can do that through renewable  energy legislation, by increasing the CAFE standards, by dealing with  clean air standards. If U.S. leadership is not going to come from the  White House, let the U.S. Senate exercise that leadership and show the  international community that we understand our responsibility and the  risk factors to our health and to the economy.   The National Climate Assessment and the activities of G20 and COP24  should motivate us to action on behalf of the health and welfare of the  American community and our global neighbors. I urge our colleagues to  get engaged in leadership on this issue.   I yield the floor.   