 Mr. Speaker, according to a FOX News poll from March 25,  91 percent of voters want background checks on all gun buyers. Another  poll from Quinnipiac last November found that 94 percent of owners in  gun-owning households support universal background checks.   Yet, as the American people ask for stronger gun laws, the majority  would rather talk about mental health instead.   That is fine, Mr. Speaker. Want to talk about mental health? The vast  majority of people with mental illness aren't violent and are more  likely to be the victims of violence than the perpetrators. And more  than half of the Americans who need mental healthcare don't get it.   We have a mental health access crisis in this country, and gun  violence is only a heartbreaking sliver of that problem.   Merely 43 percent of psychiatrists accept Medicaid, compared with 73  percent of other physicians.   But what does this have to do with the balanced budget amendment we  are voting on today?   Mr. Speaker, this amendment is an attempt to tie our hands, an  attempt to force us to dismantle programs like Social Security,  Medicare, and Medicaid. It would force cutting benefits, reducing  coverage, slashing payments, or all of the above.   The most vulnerable Americans rely on these programs for a secure  retirement, to stay healthy, and to make ends meet when a breadwinner  is disabled or dies. And Medicaid is the single largest payer for  mental health services, meaning that forcing constitutionally required  cuts on Medicaid will plunge our mental healthcare system into even  further disarray.   This amendment is just the latest example of mental health hypocrisy  of the Republican caucus. It is a standard page out of the shameful GOP  playbook whenever there is a mass shooting.   Step 1: Talk exclusively about mental health until people stop paying  attention.   Step 2: Undercut and jeopardize access to mental health services,  making the problem worse.   I am not going to let this Congress stop paying attention. I refuse  to let my Republican colleagues use those who need mental healthcare as  excuses and scapegoats.   And if Congress can't move forward with a policy supported by more  than 90 percent of voters, something is wrong. Congress isn't  representing the people. It is representing the bottom line of  corporations that sell guns.    If we want to amend our Constitution, let's amend it to get money out  of politics. Let's stop gun corporations from flooding our elections  with money to protect their profits. Let's overturn Citizens United.  Let's give the voices of the American people more power than wealthy  special interests.   The Democracy for All Amendment, H.J. Res. 31, is supported by over  160 Members of Congress and voters across party lines, and it would do  just that. That is the constitutional amendment we should be  considering today, one that will put the American people in charge of  the agenda of this House. Instead, we are voting again to put profits  above our health, above our safety, above our democracy.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   