 Mr. President, I rise to express my opposition to S. 140,  the Coast Guard reauthorization bill, because it prevents State  regulation of the discharge of pollutants from vessels engaged in  maritime commerce and because it exempts one certain vessel from  current fire safety standards.   First, the bill includes a provision, known as the Vessel Incidental  Discharge Act, which would dictate how ballast water from ships is  regulated in the United States. While I appreciate the hard work of the  Senate Committees on Commerce, Science and Transportation and  Environment and Public Works and their commitment to bipartisan  negotiation on this issue, I unfortunately cannot support a bill that  includes the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, even as currently  modified. The problem is that this provision preempts Maryland's  authority to set standards on the discharge of ballast water from ships  that are more protective of the Chesapeake Bay than the standards set  by the Federal Government.   Ballast water can contain invasive species like blue catfish and  zebra mussels, among a host of others, that threaten the delicate  balance of life in the bay. The Chesapeake Bay is the Nation's largest  estuary. It generates $1 trillion in economic benefit to the watershed  region. The shoreline of the Chesapeake and its tidal tributaries  stretches for over 2,000 miles. More than 100,000 streams and rivers  and thousands of acres of wetlands provide the freshwater that flows  into the Chesapeake Bay. If we do not protect the health of this  incredible network of waters, we cannot hope to restore the Chesapeake  Bay to its former glory.   Fortunately, the health of the bay is improving. According to the  latest report card from the University of Maryland Center for  Environmental Science, the bay earned a C grade, signifying the first  time that score is meaningfully trending in the right direction and  that restoration efforts are beginning to have an enduring impact.   Additionally, the effort to clean up and restore the bay creates new  job and economic growth opportunities around the bay States. For  example, the watermen that depend on healthy populations of blue crab,  oysters, menhaden, and rockfish--for striped bass--depend on those  species not being out-competed for food or eaten by invasive species.  People throughout the watershed depend on the bay for their livelihoods  and for recreation.   Though we in the Chesapeake Bay watershed are making great strides in  improving the quality of the Chesapeake Bay, we still have a long way  to go. The last thing the bay and the people who depend on it need now  is the additional stress of invasive species.   Furthermore, this bill includes a provision that would exempt one  vessel from current fire safety standards, another provision by which I  cannot abide.   A series of fires aboard international passenger ships in the early  1960s prompted the U.S. to enact the Safety of Life at Sea Act, SOLAS,  which mandated that ``no passenger vessel of the United States shall be  granted a certificate of inspection [. . .] unless the vessel is  constructed of fire-retardant materials.'' Despite the enactment of the  SOLAS standards and the opposition of the U.S. Coast Guard, Congress  has repeatedly exempted one ship, the Delta Queen, from the SOLAS fire  safety standards.   Current law requires passenger vessels with overnight accommodations  for 50 or more passengers to be constructed of fire-retardant  materials, unless an exemption is made, but in the case of the Delta  Queen, the U.S. Coast Guard has consistently opposed legislation to  provide the Delta Queen an exemption to remain in service as an  overnight passenger cruise vessel.   A Coast Guard special inspection report on the Delta Queen in 2008  found ``an unnecessary and unacceptable accumulation of combustible  fire load.'' In a January 8, 2016, letter to Senator Bill Nelson, the  Coast Guard's then Assistant Secretary of Legislative Affairs wrote  ``the Department of Homeland Security is resigned to oppose  continuously any legislation that would provide any form of statutory  relief for the steamer Delta Queen.''   Section 834 of this bill is contrary to public safety. It is contrary  to the Safety of Life at Sea Act regulations which have been in full  force in the U.S. since 1966, and it is contrary to the guidance of the  U.S. Coast Guard.   The Delta Queen is an old ship made of wood. The boilers are original  and open to the wood superstructure. There are no structural boundaries  to contain a fire and only one means of egress.   I understand that supporters of this provision are concerned about  the historic preservation of this ship and the economic opportunities  that operation of the ship could bring to its homeport, but we should  be concerned first and foremost with the safety of the people who will  work on the ship and vacation on the ship. They can have the same  opportunities and experiences on a ship that is compliant with the  reasonable safety standards that have been in place in this country for  more than 50 years.   