 Mr. Speaker, first, I, too, would like to thank my  colleague, Representative Walters, for yielding and for holding this  Special Order. I would also like to thank Representatives Correa,  Royce, LaMalfa, and Green for joining us.   Well, we are here once again, and I am outraged. We are speaking on  behalf of another American citizen, and that is really important, an  American citizen who was arbitrarily detained. He was imprisoned on  vague allegations by the Communist Government of Vietnam.   Let's understand who we are talking about, as has been pointed out.   Michael Nguyen is a father of four daughters. He was on a trip to  Vietnam with his family--really, with his friends, not so much his  family but friends. When he didn't return home at  [[Page H7819]]  the end of the trip, his family frantically contacted officials.   Let's see what happened.   He was taken off a bus, as he was traveling from the city of Da Nang  to Saigon, by public security officials. He was then detained,  imprisoned, and neither his family, and what is also important, nor the  United States Government were notified until after 10 days after he was  arrested.   As part of an agreement between the Government of Vietnam and the  United States, the Vietnamese Government must notify the United States  within 96 hours if they have arrested an American citizen, which they  have failed to do.   Since then, we have learned very little about why Michael was  detained. The government claims, the Vietnamese Government, that he  posted on Facebook a plot to overthrow the government, but they have  not shown us any evidence that this occurred.   I have also met with Michael's family and his wife, Helen, and they  are stunned. They are hurt. They are confused. They are angry. How  could this happen to an American citizen who was just visiting Vietnam?   As was pointed out, just a few months ago, another American visiting  this country was wrongly detained and coerced into confessing his crime  for merely engaging in a peaceful protest. And that, as we have heard,  was William Nguyen. He was beaten. He was placed in jail. He has been  finally released and returned to America because the charges against  him were also bogus.   In part, he was released because a significant number of Members of  Congress stood up and championed his cause. And, again, I thank  Congresswoman Walters for leading that charge. That is exactly why we  are here in Congress: to defend the rights of American citizens.   Michael is yet another victim of Vietnam's egregious human rights  violations. As was pointed out, we have engaged in economic development  with Vietnam. We have a closer relationship economically with Vietnam,  but they have consistently violated human rights of the citizens of  Vietnam or anyone who speaks out, anyone who engages in religious  freedom. They are an oppressive, prosecutorial society that does not  allow any dissent.   As one of the co-chairs of the Congressional Caucus on Vietnam, I  joined with my colleagues of the caucus in support of the Vietnam Human  Rights Act, which invokes sanctions per the Magnitsky Act, which not  only imposes financial and travel restrictions for human rights  abusers, but it also calls upon the Vietnamese Government to release  those political prisoners and to stop arresting citizens who just  champion human rights, freedom, and democracy.   This bill that we are pushing through Congress--and this will push us  further toward accomplishing this goal--would also make the sale of  military equipment or services to Vietnam conditional on improvement in  human rights, and this is one of the classic examples of the lack of  human rights that goes on.   So I call upon the Government of Vietnam to quickly close this case  and return Michael Nguyen to his family. It is unconscionable that any  American of Vietnamese descent or any American who criticizes the  Vietnamese Government--I am not saying that Michael did, but anybody  who speaks out, anyone--must fear that they are going to be arrested.   If these incidents continue to occur, this is going to lead to a  serious reevaluation of our economic and diplomatic relationships with  Vietnam. I call upon the government to do the right thing.   Michael was just visiting. He has done nothing wrong. Please release  Michael Nguyen back to the United States.   