 Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in support of H.R. 5895.   But before I do that, I want to thank Chairman Frelinghuysen for his  tremendous hard work and efforts and also the ranking member, Mrs.  Lowey, for her hard work on this bill as well.    Mr. Chair, this bill combines the appropriation bills for Energy and  Water Development, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and  Legislative Branch.   As the vice chairman of the Energy and Water Development  Subcommittee, I am especially proud to support this bill, which  reflects the hard work of the subcommittee members and staff under the  leadership of Chairman Simpson and Ranking Member Kaptur.   This bill provides robust funding for the National Nuclear Security  Administration to maintain the safety and readiness of our Nation's  nuclear weapons stockpile, addresses aging infrastructure in our  weapons complex facilities, and supports current and future missions of  our great nuclear Navy.  [[Page H4903]]    Another issue that is near and dear to me is nuclear cleanup, as both  Y-12 and the Oak Ridge National Laboratory have significant ongoing  cleanup missions.   As the chairman of the Nuclear Cleanup Caucus, I know that addressing  the legacy of the Cold War in communities around the Nation is a vital  Federal commitment. This bill provides the Department of Energy's  Office of Environmental Management with the funding it needs to  continue to live up to this commitment.   I am also pleased with the strong support in this bill for the  Department of Energy's Office of Science. Notably, this bill supports  continued investment in the area of supercomputing and supports the  Department of Energy's goal to deploy a first-in-the-world exascale  supercomputer. Much of that critical research will take place at Oak  Ridge National Laboratory.   There is also continued support for Oak Ridge National Laboratory's  high-flux neutron sources, which enable novel scientific research into  the fundamental nature of matter that can be formed nowhere else in the  world.   Funding in this bill provides critical infrastructure for our  waterways, which is essential to our economy.   Mr. Chair, I will close by reiterating my full, strong support for  this bill and encouraging all of my colleagues to support this bill and  support the incredibly important national priorities that it funds.   