 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from  California (Mr. Schiff).   Mr. Chairman, I rise today to say a few words about this very  important bill. I say important because as we face threats around the  world, threats like Russia, China, North Korea, Iran, and terrorism,  the annual Intelligence Authorization Act is meant to provide our  intelligence personnel with the resources and authorities they need to  keep America safe.    In some respects, Mr. Chairman, this bill accomplishes that very  goal. We refocus our resources on countering our most significant  adversary states. We better equip the intel community to counter  foreign interference in our elections, which is very critical going  into 2018, all the way to 2020.   We give new authorities related to pervasive challenges, including  threats to our supply chain, recruitment and development of minority  talent, and strengthening of the cyber and technical workforce.   I support these very important developments. Unfortunately, Mr.  Chairman, the bill also supports or indicates significant problematic  changes to many classified authorities. I am particularly concerned  about what this means for the way we conduct counterterrorism  operations.   Mr. Chairman, the Trump administration has changed counterterrorism  policies in a way that does not make America safer. By expanding the  areas where the U.S. Government may be operating and broadening  authorities, Mr. Chairman, we are planting the seeds of anger and hate  which will fester and grow, increasing the threat of an attack in the  future.   Mr. Chairman, I strongly believe in protecting the United States and  her allies. But, if two decades of the war against terrorism have  taught us anything, it is that we can't fight our way out of this. Yes,  we need to target known terrorist leaders, Mr. Chairman, but we also  need to actively minimize actions that spur new hatred and drive people  to terrorism.   After years of striving for a more comprehensive, targeted, and  productive counterterrorism approach, this bill sends us back to the  days of broad unrestrained authorities. With so much on the line, Mr.  Chairman, we should be using this bill to send a message to this  administration that America must maintain her values.   Success at any cost is not success at all, but a foolhardy approach  to leverage power. We must keep America safe, Mr. Chairman.   