 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise reluctantly in opposition to this legislation. I  say reluctantly because there are some good, decent provisions that are  contained in this legislation.   The first year expensing for new businesses, the net operating loss  and tax credit carry over to new ownership and small businesses.   There is a lot of bipartisan support for doing more to support  entrepreneurs and the startup of businesses in that early stage capital  that this bill, in part, is meant to address. Unfortunately the process  is all wrong. Instead of holding hearings, instead of getting feedback,  instead of soliciting bipartisan support--and I am confident that if  time were in order to build support for this bill, there would be wide  bipartisan support--this legislation is being driven for one reason and  one reason only: the political calendar. That is a missed opportunity.   We ought to get back to doing our business on the Ways and Means  Committee and start holding hearings, start getting feedback, and doing  it in a fiscally responsible manner.   This bill, because of no effort to find an offset, will increase our  debt by over $5 billion. Again, it is for some press releases leading  to the midterm elections. Who cares what the impact is going to be for  our children and grandchildren or on future financial obligations that  our Nation shares. Apparently, that fiscal responsibility is out the  window right now, based on the tax cut that passed last year and the  next two bills coming up out of the Ways and Means Committee this week.   But what else is also unfortunate is that during the markup of this  bill, our good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. Thompson),  offered a very important and I thought thoughtful amendment that would  allow tax credit deductibility for small businesses that were impacted  by natural disasters.   My district in western Wisconsin just got slammed with major flooding  this past month. Unfortunately, there is not a lot of help at the  Federal and State level, whether it is FEMA or State agencies, when it  comes to helping small businesses get back on their feet. There just  isn't. There are small, low-interest SBA loans and maybe some no- interest loans that the State can offer that all have to be repaid.  Other than that, there is really nothing.   Representative Thompson offered an amendment that said: Let's have  the Federal Tax Code work with these small businesses rather than  against them. Instead of that being thoughtfully considered, it was  rejected out of hand because of the rush to get this bill on the floor.  Again, another missed opportunity of how we should be conducting  business around here and recognizing the needs of small businesses  throughout the country.   Let's slow down. Let's reject what is before us today. We still have  time. The Senate is not planning on taking up these bills. Let's go  back to doing it the right way. Let's talk to one another and find some  common ground. And let's do it in a fiscally responsible manner so we  are not saddling future generations with huge debt, especially given  the aging population in our country.   What we have before us today is the result of a bad process. We can  do better. I encourage my colleagues to reject it. Let's do it the  right way.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for yielding me  this time.   I am an original sponsor of the original bill, which became the basis  of this bill, the Retirement Enhancement Security Act.   Unfortunately, today this bill is not that bill. A lot has changed, a  lot was taken out, and a lot was removed from it because the process is  broken. We didn't have hearings. We didn't have consultation. We didn't  have the back-and-forth that is needed to build bipartisan support for  an important measure such as this.   We do have a retirement savings in this country. We can be doing more  to make it easier for individuals and small businesses to offer  retirement savings plans for their employees.   I have been proud to work with my friend from Pennsylvania, Mr.  Kelly, on legislation to try to correct it. Part of the original bill,  the RESA bill, it has been called, was based on legislation that I have  offered for years with my friend and colleague from Washington State,  Mr. Reichert, another Member of the committee.   In fact, the original RESA bill, when it was up before the Senate  Finance Committee, passed 26-0. That is how controversial it was. But  unfortunately, again, this bill does not reflect what was done there.   An important provision that would have provided PBGC premium pension  relief from rural electric co-ops, from nonprofits, like the Boys and  Girls Club of America, or the Jewish Federation of North America, the  Christian Schools International, was mysteriously stripped from this  legislation with very little explanation. That is a problem that we  could easily fix right now, as just one example.   Another problem we have is that the pay-for that was recognized and  identified in a bipartisan manner, the so-called stretch IRAs that we  could be shutting down to help pay for this legislation, was also  stripped.   Now, I get the fact that fiscal responsibility is out the door with  the majority party. They don't believe in paying for things. But when  we come up with a bipartisan pay-for, after vetting it and getting  feedback from the various stakeholders, and they still can't accept it,  that tells me that, not only don't they care about fiscal  responsibility but they are hostile to fiscal responsibility.    This is one of three bills now that the Ways and Means Committee is  bringing to the floor, with no opportunity for amendments or other  Members to contribute to help form this legislation. They are here  before us in what is called a closed rule; no amendment opportunity,  and none of the bills will be paid for which, according to the Joint  Committee on Taxation, will, when these three bills are implemented,  cost our Nation over $3 trillion in new debt; $3 trillion. And this  comes on the heels of the tax cut 1.0 that passed late last year which,  again, wasn't paid for, which will add $2.3 trillion to other national  debt.   Now, I don't know about you, but you give me the opportunity to write  $5 trillion worth of hot checks, and I will give you the illusion of  wealth and growth in this country.   But there is a day of reckoning that will come from all this because  this is happening at the wrong time. When we have got growth, we have  got virtually full employment, and you guys can't throw enough fiscal  stimulus at this economy. You are taking our fiscal tools away from us.    You are taking all the fiscal tools away from us, so when  there is another recession, and there will be, unless somehow we repeal  the economic cycle in this country, the Federal Reserve will be the  only institution standing that can actually take corrective action,  probably with extraordinary measures, which we all hated in 2008 and  2009.   But this bill, and the three bills this week that are before us are  here for three reasons and three reasons only: Because of the election  calendar, with the midterms coming up in early November, and vulnerable  Members' names being attached to these bills, so that they can do their  ads and they can do their press releases back home, knowing that it is  not going to go anywhere in the Senate.   Then finally, we are here this week because tax cut 1.0 went over  like a wet blanket with the American people because they know what that  was about; where 83 percent of that tax cut is going to large  corporations and the wealthiest 1 percent of our Nation. The American  people get that.   And what did these corporations do with their huge tax windfall? They  are doing exactly what they said they would do, share buybacks,  dividend distribution, executive compensation salaries. They are all  buying private jets because of the additional money that they have for  their executives right now. Very little has gone into increased wages  or salary increases, and this is what corporate America said they would  do, so no one should be surprised by that.   So I say, let's slow down here. Let's think about the fiscal future  of our country, more importantly, the fiscal future of our children and  grandchildren because right now we have 10,000 baby boomers retiring  every day. When these three bills are fully implemented, all 70 million  baby boomers will be completely vested in the retirement system,  drawing on Social Security and Medicare. And we have set those programs  up for failure with these reckless tax cuts that aren't paid for and  are going to leave a legacy of debt, which will invariably lead to huge  cuts to Social Security and Medicare, because, guess what? We don't  have money anymore to support those programs.   That is what is going on around here right now. But we still have  time to correct it because the Senate is not going to take it up.   Let's vote ``no''. Let's do this the right way.   