 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have two topics. I want to talk in a  moment or two about National Adoption Month, but before I do that, I  want to talk just a minute about Russia's continued outrageous behavior  in Ukraine and the most recent incident where Russia has manufactured  another crisis in order to take advantage of whatever situation they  think the moment is ripe for. Clearly this has been allowed to go on  for too long.  [[Page S7151]]    While Ukraine is not a member of NATO, I think NATO countries-- including ours--have a great interest in what is happening in Ukraine  with Putin's continued aggressive behavior. We had a joint session--the  only joint session where the President of Ukraine has spoken--a few  years ago. He made the point that they appreciated the humanitarian  help, but I thought the most telling moment in that speech was when he  said: We appreciate the humanitarian help, we appreciate the blankets,  but you can't fight the Russians with blankets.   That was the time under the Obama administration when we were not  giving Ukraine either the defensive or offensive capacity they needed.  President Trump has made a different decision, which I support, in  helping the Ukrainians defend themselves.   I also support whatever we can do at this moment to let it be known  to Putin that we are supportive of Ukraine's efforts to have an  independent, democratic government, that we will continue to be  supportive of that and we will continue to be helpful in that effort,  and President Putin had better be careful that he doesn't take one step  too far. In fact, he has already taken steps further than should have  been allowed. Those steps--the seizure of Crimea, the invasion of  eastern Ukraine by people who were clearly Russian soldiers in plain  green uniforms--should not have been allowed. The President has to deal  with that, but we need to deal with that in a way that gives Ukraine  all the help they need in dealing with that themselves.   Whether the President should make that point by not meeting with  Putin or whether he should make that point by meeting with Putin and  clearly expressing not only our concern but our absolute rejection of  the efforts the Russian Government has made toward Ukraine in an  aggressive way, I don't know. I do know that it is time for us to be  very clear about how we feel about that and emphasize our continued  commitment to the NATO countries along the Russian border, that we  absolutely will respond if there is any aggression toward those NATO  countries. Frankly, we should be aggressive in our efforts to help  Ukraine defend itself.   