 The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  Flake), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Arizona (Mr. Flake) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr.  McCain).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator  [[Page S5543]]  from Arizona (Mr. Flake), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. McCain), and  the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to  speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, earlier this summer I was privileged to be  at the White House when President Trump announced his nominee to  succeed Justice Anthony Kennedy, whose retirement from the U.S. Supreme  Court became effective just a couple of days ago. Judge Kavanaugh's  nomination continues the streak that we Republicans in the Senate have  been on for the last 18 months under the Trump administration. We have  set new records.   Specifically, we set a record last year for the most circuit court  judges confirmed in a President's first year, and we set a new record  this year with the recent confirmation of President Trump's 23rd  circuit judge, Texan Andy Oldham, who will serve on the Fifth Circuit  Court of Appeals, and that was 2 weeks ago.   Keep in mind that we have already set the record with the most judges  confirmed in the President's first 2 years, and we still have 5 months  to go. That is unprecedented. That is huge. It speaks volumes about the  seriousness with which this administration takes its responsibility to  fill vacancies on the Federal judiciary and the efficiency with which  this Chamber is carrying out its duty to provide advice and consent.   Yesterday, we voted on another outstanding nominee, Britt Grant, for  the Eleventh Circuit. To date, the Senate has confirmed 45 Federal  judges under President Trump, including Supreme Court Justice Neil  Gorsuch, and that includes 24 circuit court or intermediate level  judges.   But some people don't like to focus on that record of accomplishment  so much. They like to dwell on Judge Kavanaugh, the nominee to succeed  Anthony Kennedy, exclusively instead. I understand why the Supreme  Court vacancy is a very big deal, but it doesn't give license to engage  in hysterical attacks.   We have seen Judge Kavanaugh called almost every name in the book. We  have heard that his confirmation would result in the destruction of the  Constitution and that the nominee is your worst nightmare and one who  wants to pave the path to tyranny.   Well, I just think those sorts of attacks--and hysterical attacks-- undermine the very credibility of the speaker, because anybody who  knows anything about Judge Kavanaugh knows that none of that is true.  We are not going to be distracted from carrying out the confirmation  process in the normal established way through the Judiciary Committee  first, led by Chairman Grassley, and, then, once we get to the floor,  with a debate and vote to confirm the judge, hopefully, well in advance  of the next term of the Supreme Court, which begins the first Monday in  October.   We know, for example, that Chairman Grassley has already sent a  request to the Bush Library to recover many of the records that pertain  to the nominee's service when he worked at the White House Counsel's  Office. This was a unilateral request, unfortunately, because our  Democratic colleagues refused to join us, even after two weeks of  negotiations and trying to find a way both sides could agree. This is,  unfortunately, another sign of obstruction, which is basically all that  our colleagues on the other side of the aisle who are opposing this  nomination have left.   Many of the Democrats on the other side have made clear that they  really aren't interested in the nominee's qualifications. As I  mentioned previously, five of them came out against the nominee before  he was even named, in other words, taking the position that the person  nominated by President Trump would not be able to earn their support.  Fifteen more, after the nominee was named, came out in opposition. So  20 Democrats have already announced their opposition to the nominee  without even taking a few moments even to meet with the judge or  getting to learn a little more about his record.   Unfortunately, the role that so many of our friends across the aisle  want the judiciary to play is that they are really interested in judges  who basically will be results-oriented. In other words, rather than be  impartial umpires and call balls and strikes regardless of who is at  bat, what they want is somebody who will put the thumb on the scales of  justice and reach a preordained result.   But that is not the way judges are supposed to serve under our form  of government. Judges don't run for election. They have lifetime  tenure. So they are not politically accountable for their decisions at  the ballot box like those of us in the political branches of government  are.   So some of the rhetoric, as I said earlier, is just over the top. One  of our colleagues even said that you would be complicit and evil if you  supported this nomination.   Well, we need to be aware of the double standard that applies. There  is a stark contrast between Judge Kavanaugh and the confirmation  process of Justice Kagan. This time around, our Democratic colleagues  requested every single scrap of paper that made its way across the  nominee's desk, even when he did not contribute to the policy or  content of those documents.   At the time when Justice Kagan was nominated, about 173,000 pages of  documents were produced from the time that she worked in the White  House Counsel's Office and on the Domestic Policy Council. She and  Judge Kavanaugh share in common the fact that they worked in the White  House Counsel's Office.   But the difference between Judge Kavanaugh and Justice Kagan is that  Justice Kagan didn't have any public judicial record at all. Just  compare that to Judge Kavanaugh's 12 years of serving on the District  of Columbia Court of Appeals. He has more than 300 written opinions for  Members to review and ascertain what kind of judge he would be if  confirmed to the Supreme Court.   I am surprised that our Democratic friends are asking for so many  documents that are clearly immaterial, because during the nominee's  2006 confirmation hearing for the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, our  colleagues did not ask for any documents, which they are now demanding,  and specifically, those that came across his desk when he served in the  important function of White House Staff Secretary. This is, perhaps, a  little understood office, but basically it is an administrative  position, where Judge Kavanaugh, at the time, as Staff Secretary at the  White  [[Page S5544]]  House, was responsible for making sure that the documents presented to  the President for review had been properly vetted and were in good  form. That is the responsibility--not to provide input in terms of the  policy or the content of those documents. So he really was more or less  a traffic cop for the paper flow across the President's desk. As such,  those documents would have no bearing whatsoever on the judge's  qualifications or experience and are unnecessary to produce for this  confirmation process.    Just as with Justice Kagan's confirmation, there was a bipartisan  understanding in 2006, during Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation, that  certain documents are unnecessary and should be off limits. In 2006,  Judge Kavanaugh responded to the standard questionnaire for appellate  nominees. Our Democratic colleagues didn't complain about that at the  time. In fact, at Judge Kavanaugh's hearing in 2006, Senator Feinstein,  the ranking member on the Judiciary Committee, noted that ``without a  record either as a trial lawyer or as a judge, it's very difficult for  some of us to know what kind of judge you would be and whether you can  move away from the partisanship and into that arena of objectivity and  fairness.'' But now our friend from California has 12 years of judicial  service and more than 300 opinions she and others--all of us--can  review to answer the very questions she said she needed to answer.   So my question is, why are our colleagues across the aisle suddenly  claiming they need every email, every memo, and every Post-it note that  went across the nominee's desk? Well, we know the reason is because  they cannot attack Judge Kavanaugh's judicial record of objectivity and  fairness on the DC Circuit. Instead, they are trying to dig through  other people's emails and documents and conduct a government-sponsored,  taxpayer-funded fishing expedition through the records of the entire  Bush White House. I call this the great paper chase.   You have heard us warn that the Democrats' demands for every document  from Judge Kavanaugh's time in the White House is nothing more than a  stall tactic. Several media reports over the last few days have now  confirmed that this is, in fact, their exact strategy. Here is a  statement from the San Francisco Chronicle: ``Feinstein, other Senate  Dems have plan on Brett Kavanaugh nomination: Stall.''   Their broader, coordinated strategy is to delay and stall, not  actually vet, the nominee. So for most of them, it really won't matter  that Judge Kavanaugh will have more documents produced before his  confirmation than any other nominee in American history; it won't  matter that some documents have already been released--for example,  from his tenure working for the independent counsel; it won't matter  that the process is fully transparent and thorough because they have  already made up their minds.   To be clear, overwhelmingly, our Democratic colleagues are simply not  interested in vetting Judge Kavanaugh because they have already made up  their minds to vote against the nomination. I hope the three or four or  five Democrats who are still open-minded to confirmation of the judge  will encourage their other colleagues to change their approach and to  make sure they do what we are required to do under the Constitution  once the President has made a nomination like this, and that is to  provide advice and consent, not just obstruction and delay and  resistance.   Many of the excuses they are now giving, particularly with regard to  documents, are merely smokescreens for their true goal, which, as we  see here in the San Francisco Chronicle, is simply to stall, stall,  stall. They have telegraphed this strategy in the press, and they have  made it clear that it is their only shot at blocking this mainstream  nominee, because the truth is that Judge Kavanaugh is imminently  qualified and well respected by all who know him.   I believe it is our responsibility to continue to vet the nominee and  to continue to encourage Members to meet with him and to continue their  review of his record--particularly in the last 12 years on the DC  Circuit Court of Appeals--because I am convinced that if they do that,  they will be willing to support the nominee, if they have an open mind  and if they haven't already engaged in the political calculation to  oppose the nominee no matter what the reason may be.   I look forward to confirming the judge early this fall. Chairman  Grassley has said he hopes to have a hearing on the nomination and then  a vote on the Senate floor in advance of the October term of the  Supreme Court. I look forward to helping him keep that schedule and  confirming this good man and fine judge to the Supreme Court of the  United States.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   