 Mr. Speaker, let's set the record straight about the  Children's Health Insurance Program, funding for community health  centers, stopping the cuts on our low-income hospitals, and extending  the Special Diabetes Program for Native Americans.   As chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I can tell you that  we did our work. We held hearings, we held markups, we brought a  package to the floor and approved it on November 2. Tragically, only  one dozen or so Democrats voted for that package at that time. It was  fully funded. Community health centers would have 2 years of funding,  the Children's Health Insurance Program 5 years, and the largest  funding amount ever accorded to CHIP. The Special Diabetes Program was  funded.   We care about these programs as a conference, yet it was a partisan  divide, tragically, and it went to the Senate where they couldn't find  the votes to pass it.   So we have come back consistently thereafter to approve children's  healthcare. The Children's Health Insurance Program provides insurance  coverage for 9 million American children and pregnant women. We all  support that as a Congress.   We have had to emergency extend the funding in various continuing  resolutions, most of which my colleagues on the Democratic side have  opposed.   Today, we find ourselves with seven States about to run out of money  and cancelation notices going out to about 2 million people. This is  unnecessary, it is unconscionable, and it should not happen, but it is.  That is why the Children's Health Insurance Program now can be funded  for 6 years in the CR we all voted on, and nearly every Democrat voted  against; but we can do 6 years of funding for CHIP, and with the  changes in other law in the Tax Code, we did not have to identify ways  to pay for it. That is already taken care of.   That is why it is troubling to me to hear the remarks of some of my  colleagues who say they are all for this, and they want to vote for  this when we have given the entire House this opportunity on numerous  occasions to fund the Children's Health Insurance Program, to fund  community health centers, and to fund the Special Diabetes Program.   We didn't have to be here, and you sure as heck didn't have to shut  down the government. Our choice yesterday was vote to fund the  government or not and vote to fund children's health insurance for 9  million children. By the way, in States like mine, that also includes  DACA kids. So when you voted against that yesterday, you voted not to  provide insurance to children and pregnant women in our States. That is  wrong. We are here to govern. We are governing as Republicans, we will  get this government up and running, and we will take care of those  children.    Mr. Speaker, I am happy to have this discussion because  the prevention fund, which the gentleman from Maryland referenced, is a  [[Page H595]]  very important fund--to do what? Provide preventive healthcare.   What do you think children's health insurance is about? Providing  healthcare.   So you don't think providing insurance for pregnant women and  children is about good health? Holy smokes. No wonder you voted ``no.''  No wonder you voted ``no.''   You have used the prevention fund in the past.    I thought I was, Mr. Speaker. I guess I was just steering  a little to the left.   Both parties have used the prevention fund to do things they thought  were important. I can't think of anything more important than to use a  portion of the fund that gets replenished by $2 billion every year. The  appropriators--God bless them--decide how those funds get appropriated  every year. We thought it made sense to use a portion of that fund for  children's health. There was still going to be an enormous amount of  money left to be appropriated.   We also thought that people on Medicare making $500,000 a year-- $40,000 a month roughly--could pay $137 more for their Medicare so we  could take care of pregnant women and children and keep our health  centers open. That was one of the pay-fors. We were open to negotiating  because we knew we would have to in the Senate on how else we pay for  it.   But the long and the short of it is: Why are they pitting one group  of kids in America against another?   Governor Sandoval from Nevada said as much. He supports what we did  yesterday. Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts--I talked to him  yesterday--wants the CHIP bill funded.   Can't we put the politics behind us and take care of America's  children?    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague from Connecticut's  strong words.   Here is the deal. The Democrats have used money out of the Prevention  Fund to fund tax cuts over time. That is a true statement.   They have used it for all kinds of things. But the long and short of  it is that we brought two clean CHIP bills; one that fully funded  community health centers and the Special Diabetes Program, and teaching  hospitals that stopped--you know the only thing that did against  ObamaCare that I think a lot of you wrote and asked me to do?   We turned off the cuts to DSH hospitals.   That is a requirement under the existing ObamaCare law.   You told us: You got to turn off these cuts to our hospitals that  serve the low-income people.   We said: You know, you are right.   That is actually bipartisan. Most of what we did was bipartisan that  you all and we all agreed on.   Then, when they didn't like that--and I think only 15 Democrats voted  for that whole package. They are all for community health centers; they  are all for the Special Diabetes Program; they are all for turning off  the DSH cuts; they are all for CHIP, until they have an opportunity to  vote for it, and then they voted ``no.''   And then we brought a clean CHIP bill to the floor as part of keeping  the Federal Government open, and they didn't like that. They were for a  5-year CHIP bill until they wanted 10. We gave them 6. They can't  figure out how to vote ``yes.'' They vote ``no.''   What is it we have to do here to get this done, to get you on board  to stop the partisan politics?   Mr. Speaker, you know this. You are on appropriations. This is  important work. Seven States, including my own, are on the cusp of  running out of funds. Two million Americans are about to get notices  from insurers that this cannot be extended because the money is running  out. We have performed as Republicans. We should perform as Republicans  and Democrats. We should put the health of America's children first,  and they never should have shut down the government.   