 Mr. President, over the past couple of weeks Congress  and the Senate had its State work period, and during that time we go  back to our State and travel, listening to our constituents. I had the  incredible opportunity to go to Colorado and spend time on the Front  Range, on the I-25 Corridor, where the vast majority of the population  of Colorado lives, and also spent some time in Western Colorado, which  most people identify as being where they travel to Colorado, with the  ski resorts, mountains, Rocky Mountain National Park, and the Great  Sand Dunes National Park.   I also had a chance to visit some of the smaller communities in  Southern Colorado, including an area known as the San Luis Valley,  where some of the longest living Colorado families have farms. There  are families and businesses.   The focus of this visit was about how we grow the economy in the San  Luis Valley, the Eastern Plains, and the Western Slope--areas that  haven't seen as much economic growth as, perhaps, Denver, Fort Collins,  or Colorado Springs.   I also wanted to spend some time getting into the community and  talking about a couple of the issues they face when it comes to the  opioid crisis that this country faces. Over the past several years, a  great deal of attention has been paid to prescription drug addiction  and to prescription drug overdoses.   My home State of Colorado actually has an average that exceeds the  national average when it comes to prescription addiction and overdose.  We are losing a person in Colorado to drug overdose every 36 hours--far  too many people. In our rural communities, it is not just the wealthy  who are immune or the poor who are immune or the poor who are affected  or the wealthy who are affected. It is everyone--wealthy, poor, low-  and high-income. The opioid crisis and prescription drug addiction have  affected every nook and cranny of our communities.   The attention that has been paid to the addiction crisis in this  country has resulted in some of the greatest bipartisan achievements  Congress has had over the past several years. The passage of the 21st  Century Cures Act will expedite new treatment methods through the FDA  and provide research treatment dollars for the opioid crisis and the  prescription drug crisis and addiction.   It also led to passage of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery  Act, legislation that had great bipartisan support. People on both  sides of the aisle worked on this legislation together to pass a bill  to address what is happening to our communities.   Every single one of us has a story about somebody close to us, near  to us, perhaps a friend or relative--probably both--who has fallen  victim to prescription drug addiction and opioid addiction. Of course  if you end up with a prescription drug addiction, that one pill might  be $60 or $80, but you can go out on the streets and find heroin for  $10 to $15. Now we see the rise of heroin replacing prescription drugs  and you see the cycle. The drug dealers have figured out a way to lace  cocaine with fentanyl so that it becomes a little bit more addictive  and so people are hooked on cocaine more than they already are.   You know the dangers of fentanyl, a synthetic drug so powerful that  you can't have a dog sniff for it at the Post Office because it would  kill the animal.   During these roundtables that were held in the San Luis Valley about  opioids, I learned a couple of things. In Alamosa, CO, I learned that  about 90 percent of the jail population in Alamosa is addicted to  drugs. At the same roundtable, we talked about the challenges that  rural communities have in treatment. We know that if a police officer  or law enforcement officer or paramedic finds somebody who is overdosed  and they are revived with Narcan, yes, you saved their life. You  brought them back, but what happens after that? They are left to their  own devices. Do they return to that abuse? Do they return to that cycle  of overdose? Without treatment, yes, they will.   We learned in Swedish Medical Center Englewood, CO, the Front Range  [[Page S2067]]  suburb of Denver, that 1 out of every 10 visitors to the emergency room  of people who are revived by Narcan or some other treatment after an  overdose will be dead within a year. So 1 out of 10 who come into an  emergency room will be dead within a year.   We know that there has been great success in finding alternatives to  opioid medication. In fact, Colorado emergency rooms and the Colorado  Hospital Association, working together with a number of hospitals,  developed a program called Alternatives to Opioids, or ALTO, which is a  program that we actually introduced legislation on--Senator Booker,  myself, Senator Bennet, and others--to try to make sure that emergency  rooms don't just turn to opioid medication but find other alternatives  because there are other alternatives. You don't just have to prescribe  an opioid-based medication.   As a result, opioid prescriptions out of the emergency room have  decreased by 36 percent over the 6-month course of this pilot program  in Colorado. Those are remarkable results. We introduced legislation to  mimic the same thing and to learn best practices at the Federal level  so that hospitals around the country can work together, share those  best practices, identify what works, and use them.   We have to reform the Medicaid Program so there is no incentive for  doctors to overprescribe addictive medication. In Alamosa, physicians  we talked to are entering into contracts with their patients. At San  Luis Valley Health Regional Medical Center, they are entering into  contracts with patients about the responsibility that goes with taking  these powerful, powerful drugs.   We found new ways to make sure that the pill mills are being  discovered and abandoned. We try to make sure that people can  communicate with each other on how these treatments work.   While I was in Colorado, we talked about the devastation that drugs  are having on their small communities. We learned about a group of high  schoolers who are talking to other high schools about the dangers of  addiction and prescription and drug overdose. They are trying to work  with each other to stop the cycle and to make sure that people who need  help find help and hopefully will avoid it in the first place.   Perhaps, one of the most frightening things that I heard during this  roundtable--being a parent with three children of my own, I often worry  about what happens to them when they go to school and what pressures  they face. Two of them are young now. Our daughter is 14, and she will  be entering high school. I worry about the pressures they will face  from their peers. I worry about them, and I worry about what happens to  our community and to their friends with what is around them. But I  never thought that I would hear what I heard in the San Luis Valley.   We were talking about prescriptions and reimbursement from Medicaid.  One of the providers brought up a challenge that they had with getting  reimbursement. I later learned from a pharmacist that it may simply be  a coding problem, and if it were coded correctly, the reimbursement  would occur.   This is what this provider said. They were trying to make sure  Medicaid could reimburse for the nasal spray of Narcan so that children  could administer it to their parents when they overdosed, because it is  easier for a young child or a little child to administer a nasal spray  than to give an injection.   Kids are given nasal spray so they can revive their parents. If that  parent goes to the emergency room at Swedish hospital in Denver, CO,  revived by that child, 1 in 10 of those parents revived will not come  back again because they will be dead.   We have done a lot of work in this country, and we have a lot more  work to do when it comes to opiate addiction and crisis. We have a lot  of work to do in this Congress to come together and find ways to stop  this--to break the cycle, to make sure it is easier to prescribe the  drugs that will help instead of create addictions.   We have talked to people who said they have to have 8 hours of  training and certification, which makes it impossible for certain drugs  to be administered by a physician in the emergency room because they  don't have time to comply with the paperwork. They actually would  rather prescribe this drug than the opiate-based drug because the  opiate-based drug, they know, would create the possibility of  addiction. Yet this other drug wouldn't. There are more barriers to  prescribe the drug that wouldn't cause the harm than the drug that  would cause the harm. So we have a lot of work to do. These aren't  Republican issues or Democratic issues. They are our families' issues.  They are our friends' issues. They are our communities' issues.   I will end it with this story. One of the healthcare professionals we  talked to told a story of their son who was a golfer--an athlete, loved  to golf. He was injured golfing, so they wanted to make sure their son  was cared for so he could recover and go on to a golf career or  whatever career he had in front of him. They took their son to the  doctor. Their son was given Vicodin to address the pain from the  injury. At this point in the story, the mother started to cry because  she feels guilty and responsible for the very first treatment that led  down a path of addiction and the eventual death of their son. All this  mom wanted to do was help, and she now feels the blame of the powerful  drug that led to the addiction and death of their son. It is not a  unique story. That story has been shared far too many times around the  country, and yet here we are once again talking about it.   So I encourage my colleagues, let's continue the great work we have  already done. Let's do more. Let's work together, and let's make sure  we can find solutions this country will be proud of. We will know this  when our communities recover and people stop dying.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   