 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, first of all, we need to ask ourselves, what does H.R.  4318 do,  [[Page H386]]  the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act? It is going to make it easier for  American manufacturers to compete globally.   As my friend, Mr. Pascrell, has just said to you, for so many years,  we have put ourselves at the wrong end of the way things should work.  We add tariffs, we add taxes on the people who manufacture.   This is a commonsense bill. In every measurable way, our country and  our people are the beneficiaries of this bill.   Now, through this legislation, Congress will be able to reduce or  totally suspend the tariffs, which are essentially a tax. At the end of  the day, by giving tariff relief to U.S. businesses, this will reduce  manufacturing costs, therefore, making products more competitive for  U.S. consumers. It is a win-win for America's consumers and for  American workers.   For decades, Congress has passed this type of legislation to boost  the competitiveness of U.S. manufacturing by lowering the cost of  imported goods without unnecessarily harming U.S.-based companies that  produce competing products.   Now, let me just take, for example, a company back in Pennsylvania,  Lasko Products. Mr. Pascrell and I sat in a hearing and we listened to  these folks as they talked about what makes them competitive, what  takes them off the shelf where they can't compete, and too often it was  their own country that was making it difficult. Lasko is an 11-year-old  company. They employ 1,000 people.   Now, Mr. McCasey, who is the chief operating officer, came and talked  to us. When you hear what goes on with Lasko--this is in his words, and  I think this is where we have to really concentrate--Mr. McCasey says:  We are in a business of pennies and can sometimes lose the sale of a  fan to an overseas competitor due to a cost differential of 20 to 30  cents.   So what is it that Lasko makes? It makes fans. Seventy-two percent of  their fans are portable fans. Why in the world would their own  government make it harder for them to compete in a global economy? It  makes absolutely no sense.   We have come together, both sides, in agreement that, if there is  something that we can do, why wouldn't we do it? Why wouldn't we make  it easier for our own companies to compete? Why wouldn't we make it  easier not just for us to compete, why wouldn't we make it easier for  us to win, and win in big ways?   This piece of legislation is so commonsense. There is nothing in it  that both sides don't agree on. Quite frankly, and I agree with Mr.  Pascrell, this is the first step, but we have got to go even further.   When we see what has happened in our country since last year, the  Trump administration's policies and the numbers that we have seen  rising and escalating at such an ascent that we didn't ever expect this  to happen this quickly, when we see America winning again, we know that  that means America's workers, every man and woman, everybody in America  benefits through this legislation because we make ourselves competitive  on the global stage.   There is no reason for America ever to take a backseat to anybody  else in the world, and we do it through commonsense legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and Mr. Pascrell. It is good to be  on the same team. It is good to be winning and keeping America winning  as we go forward.   