 Mr. Speaker, I rise today and ask that we act  now to preserve and defend labor unions.   Unions have played a critical role in building and protecting the  middle class in America. They provide hard working people economic  stability for their families and give them the tools to build a good  life, home and education for themselves and their children.   As early as this week, the Supreme Court could take up Janus v.  AFSCME which aims to take away the ability of working people to join  together in strong unions.   Janus v. AFSCME would gut the entire public sector ``right-to-work''  in one fell swoop.   Janus is the culmination of decades of attacks on working people by  corporate CEOs, the wealthiest 1%. The forces behind this case are the  same forces that have pushed for limiting voting rights, attacked  immigrants, and undermined civil rights protections.   When working people have the freedom and opportunity to speak up  together through  [[Page H669]]  unions, we make progress together that benefits everyone.   If the billionaires and corporate CEOs behind this case get their  way, however, they will take away the freedom of working people to come  together and build power to fight for the things our communities need:  everything from affordable health care and retirement security to  quicker medical emergency response times.   With Janus, CEOs and billionaires want to use the highest court in  the land to take away our freedom to create the power in numbers to win  better lives for ourselves, our families, our communities and our  country.   Labor unions date back to the 18th century. They were established to  help workers with work related issues such as low pay, unsafe working  conditions, and long hours to have a body of individuals to speak on  their behalf.   Labor unions are a brilliant balance of power between employees and  employers. They have gained the power to negotiate peacefully for  adequate treatment and respect as the economic backbone of this  country.   Some of the accomplishments include increasing wages, raising the  standard of living for the working class, ensuring safe and sanitary  working conditions, and increased benefits for both workers and their  families.   The group mentality of unions provides the comfort of inclusion and  recognition that employees seek in the workplace. When an employee sees  his or her needs are important and being met, then the quality of his  or her work life increases tremendously.   As the working class continues to push the economy forward, unions  are becoming more and more necessary.   Unions are the spokespersons for the overworked--and sometimes the  underappreciated.   Unions assure that every employee has a seat at the table. Some  business employers may argue that unionized workers create an  atmosphere that lessens the sense of partnership and trust with their  supervisors.   No one is forced to join a union. Membership is purely optional.   We must preserve the right of employees to join together to negotiate  for better pay and working conditions.   Strong unions also advocate for equal opportunity for women and  communities of color who have been discriminated against.   Union jobs have historically been and continue to be a path to the  middle class for people of color, who often face low wages in their  professions. African-American union members today earn 14.7 percent  more--and Latino union workers 21.8 percent more--than their nonunion  counterparts.   As representatives of these great states, we owe it to our middle  class to not silence their voice. They deserve their fair share of the  economic prosperity that they have helped to create.   Unions are and always will be an important factor in making the  economy work for all Americans.   