 Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak in support of the  amendment of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis). We worked  hard on this amendment. It is the result of hard work and agreements  between all interested parties, Governors across the Great Lakes, and  Members of Congress throughout the Great Lakes basin.   The Brandon Road Lock and Dam is a lock and dam complex on the Des  Plaines River in Joliet, Illinois. It is one of the last stops along  the waterway before Lake Michigan and the entire Great Lakes system.   Unfortunately, Asian carp exists in that waterway as well. This  invasive species getting into the Great Lakes  [[Page H4829]]  would do unfathomable damage to our economy and ecology not just in my  State, but to the entire Great Lakes basin. We must stop the spread of  Asian carp, and the Brandon Road Lock and Dam offers the best and last  chance to do so.   I appreciate the assistance of my good friend from Illinois and the  Governor of Illinois for recognizing the problem. Stakeholders and  members on this waterway leading to the Great Lakes use it for  commerce. Those on the Great Lakes basin prioritize its use to stop  Asian carp. It is vital to understand that, and all sides must know and  agree we have to achieve both objectives sooner than later.   This is a complex problem. That is why we have asked the Army Corps  of Engineers to release their study as soon as possible. This study  will advise Congress and the American people about what options we  have, what effects they could have, and how effective preventive  measures could be.   Like many things in government, this project has seen delays. The  report has seen delays. Time is our enemy here and we cannot have the  final report delayed any longer.   My section of the Davis-Mitchell amendment adds the Brandon Road  Study to the list of expedited studies. By ensuring timely completion,  we can move forward on whatever is recommended in order to achieve two  things: effective commerce on the river, while ensuring Asian carp do  not invade the Great Lakes.   I support the amendment, I ask my colleagues to do so, and I want to  express my appreciation to Mr. Davis for all the hard work he has put  into resolving what has been an issue for a long time here in Congress.  Together, we have come up with a good amendment.   