 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend very much. We have been  friends a long time and brothers in Christ during all of that time.   It is important to give proper recognition where that recognition is  due and, actually, the words of John Adams, our first Vice President  under our Constitution, who wrote to Thomas Jefferson on Christmas Day  1813 and said: ``I have examined all, as well as my narrow sphere, my  straitened means, and my busy life would allow me; and the result is  that the Bible is the best book in the world. It contains more of my  little philosophy than all the libraries I have seen; and such parts of  it as I cannot reconcile to my little philosophy, I postpone for future  investigation.''   It also should be noted that it was the first thing that was  published. It was in 1782, the United States Congress authorized the  printing and said that: ``Whereupon, Resolved, That the United States  in Congress assembled highly approve the pious and laudable undertaking  of Mr. Aitkin, as subservient to the interest of religion as well as an  instance of the progress of arts in this country, and being satisfied  from the above report, of his care and accuracy in the execution of the  work, they recommend this edition of the Bible to the inhabitants of  the United States, and hereby authorize him to publish this  recommendation. . . . `'   That was the Bible. And even a letter from George Washington, wishing  that that had been published in time that he could have made a gift to  every one of the soldiers in the Revolution.   But this is a statement--this is my uncle's little New Testament. On  the front, in metal, it says: ``May the Lord be with you.'' It was  given to the members of the military in World War II. And inside it  says: ``The White House, Washington. As Commander in Chief, I take  pleasure in commending the reading of the Bible to all who serve in the  Armed Forces of the United States. Throughout the centuries, men of  many faiths and diverse origins have  [[Page H9683]]  found in the Sacred Book words of wisdom, counsel, and inspiration. It  is a fountain of strength and now, as always, an aid in attaining the  highest aspirations of the human soul.'' Signed, President Franklin D.  Roosevelt.   It was an inspiration then. It is an inspiration now. As C.S. Lewis  said: This is our messages from our home headquarters while we are  behind what he called rebel-occupied territory in this world where the  prince of darkness is too often found.   It has been the most quoted book in the history of Congress, and I  would hope and pray that will continue.   