 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my good friend  Representative  Mike Kelly's H.R. 6757, the Family Savings Act.   Mr. Kelly and I have been champions of helping more Americans gain  access to retirement savings since coming to Congress in 2011, and I am  proud of the bill before us today. Included in this legislation is the  bipartisan Retirement Security for American Workers Act that I  introduced along with my friends Representatives Buchanan, Neal, and  Kind for the past two Congresses.   Unfortunately, there are still too many Americans who do not have  access to a retirement savings plan through their employer. In fact,  nearly a third of the private-sector workforce lacks access to an  employer-sponsored plan, with even less Americans having access if they  work for a small business.   Not having access to an employer-sponsored plan significantly  increases the chances that an individual fails to put aside money for  retirement. For many Americans, this means that they are vastly  unprepared to retire comfortably.   From an employer's perspective, not being able to offer a retirement  plan makes it much more difficult to recruit and retain employees.   I heard from CBIZ, a financial services and business consulting  company headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, that too often small  businesses want to provide retirement plans to their employees but that  the cost and administrative burden are significant roadblocks when  making this decision. That is why it is important that Congress act to  remove some of the red tape under current law that makes it difficult  for business owners to provide retirement savings.   The Retirement Security for American Workers Act that is included in  this bill before us today will help do just that. This provision will  allow two or more companies that may be in the same industry to join  together in order to offer either a defined contribution retirement  plan or an IRA, often referred to as open multiple employer plans.   Under current law and Department of Labor interpretation, employers  who do not have a nexus are not able to ban together and provide a  pooled retirement plan. By eliminating this Department of Labor  requirement, this bill will allow more companies to provide retirement  plans by allowing businesses--especially small businesses--to take  advantage of cost and administrative efficiencies that often prevent  businesses from offering a 401(k).   Additionally, the open MEP's language in the bill will provide relief  from the one bad apple rule that punishes all employees in a pooled  retirement plan if just one employer fails to meet requirements. This  legislation will incentivize more businesses to join together and  provide retirement plans to their employees.   These commonsense proposals, along with the other provisions within  the Family Savings Act, will unlock the opportunity for more persons to  save for their future.   I thank my friend, Mr. Kelly, for his leadership in bringing this  legislation to the floor today. I encourage my colleagues to support  this legislation.   