 Mr. President, I join my colleagues in recognizing that  we must take action to protect the safety of our communities.   Senator Van Hollen and I are on the floor, proud of the Maryland  students who are here today to speak in solidarity with the students  from Parkland, FL, in recognizing and remembering the 17 victims of  that tragic episode. We also wish to point out that so many others have  lost their lives to gun violence.   In the State of Maryland, we have not been spared. Just Monday night,  10 people, including 2 teenage boys, were wounded in 5 separate  shootings in Baltimore. They are the lucky ones who will likely survive  their injuries.   Two men killed in separate shootings on Monday were Montrel Rivers,  age 20, and Ronald Preston, age 30, both from East Baltimore.   On March 5, 23-year-old Devonte Rhodes was lost to gun violence in  Baltimore. One day earlier, Jashawn Ivory, also of Baltimore, was the  fatal victim of a shooting.   In February, 28-year-old Jasmine Chandler and her pregnant friend,  Mia Robinson, who was also 28, were shot as they sat in a parked car in  Northwest Baltimore. Also last month, off-duty Prince George's County  Corporal Mujahid Ramzziddin lost his life to gun violence.   Fatal victims of gun violence in Maryland include young people like  Tre'Quan Bullock, age 18, the first of seven students at Excel Academy  in West Baltimore shot and killed since October 2016.   Lavar Douglas, age 18; Bryant Beverly, age 18; James Martin, age 55;  ``Sonny'' Buchanan, age 39; Prenkumar Walekar, age 54; Sarah Ramos, age  34; Laurie Ann Lewis-Rivera, age 25--the list goes on and on and on.   In memory of all of those who have lost their lives to gun violence,  it is imperative that we speak out and act.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, today I wish to speak on the importance of  helping our community banks and credit unions. These institutions are  on the ground daily helping our families and small businesses. They  deserve recognition. They also deserve our careful consideration of  regulatory adjustments that will help them continue their work.   Let me be clear: There are parts of S. 2155 I disagree with, as do  many of my colleagues, but what I think that we can all agree on is the  good works that our local credit unions and banks do for our  communities.   Community banks and credit unions anchor our towns, helping our  workers and businesses. These institutions provide more than just  savings and checking services. Many provide credit counseling and  financial management. They help individuals save for education or for a  financially secure retirement. They provide the mortgage loans that  make homeownership a realistic goal for many families. They get to know  our small businesses and provide them with much-needed financial  support. Most importantly, they do so in a way that is tailored to  their communities.   I would like to emphasize the role that community banks and credit  unions play with respect to small businesses especially. We talk a lot  about Main Street businesses in this body. As the ranking member of the  Small Business Committee, I am keenly aware of the need to provide our  small businesses with adequate resources and support, including through  access to capital. This is especially the case for underserved  communities, where the bigger banks simply don't have a presence.   There are provisions in this bill that will help. For example, for  credit unions, the bill changes the designation of certain real estate  loans which have previously been classified as business loans. This  will free up capital for small business lending. It is through changes  like these that we can carefully tailor regulations, address regulatory  unfairness or duplication, and help our local lenders.  [[Page S1713]]    In Maryland, we are fortunate to still have a good number of these  local institutions. We have almost 90 credit unions in Maryland who  have about 1.9 million members. These credit unions serve many of the  Federal workers that we in Congress work with every day. They provide  services and support for our Department of Defense employees, our  Library of Congress employees, our National Institutes of Health  employees, and our State and county workers who keep our communities  going. Because of their close ties with their membership, these credit  unions and others like them are able to offer special services that big  banks may not have the incentive to provide.   Similarly, our community banks remain strong. There are 54 community  banks chartered in the State. Our community banking sector employs over  35,000 Marylanders. These banks have withstood the Great Recession and  even the Great Depression. For instance, Eastern Savings Bank in  Baltimore was established in 1905, pulled through the chaos of the  Depression in 1929, and still operates four service branches throughout  Maryland today, with a customer base of primarily local residents. All  of our Maryland community banks are essential to our urban, suburban,  and rural communities. They are critical to economic growth in my  hometown of Baltimore. They provide nearly half of the industry's small  business loans, despite making up less than 20 percent of the banking  industry's assets.   It would be naive to ignore the fact that the number of these  institutions is shrinking. They have a difficult market to navigate.  One-size-fits-all regulations can exacerbate this trend. This doesn't  mean that we should not provide oversight of this sector of our  economy; however, I think carefully considering ``tailoring'' our  approach to regulating is more than appropriate here. I think we can  all agree on this principle. Many of the credit union and community  bank provisions we are considering, standing alone, have broad  bipartisan support. If those provisions stood alone, my vote on such a  bill would be a yes.   S. 2155, of course, contains more than community bank and credit  union provisions, and I share some of the concerns voiced by my  colleagues on this bill, especially regarding consumer protections in  certain industries. At the same time, I cannot stress enough how  important it is to strengthen our credit unions and community banks. I  look forward to continuing to work on these issues, especially on small  business lending, with my colleagues going forward.   