 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 756, or the amendments  thereto, the First Step Act, as passed by the Senate.   This legislation has traveled a long journey to get to this point.  Along the way, various aspects of the bill have changed. Although I do  not agree with all of the changes, on balance, the measure has greatly  improved, thanks to the hard work of many Members on both sides of the  aisle from the House and the Senate.   Before I get to the substance of the bill, I want to recognize some  of the people most responsible for getting us here today. There are a  number of champions of criminal justice reform in the Senate, but I  particularly want to recognize and thank Senators Dick Durbin and Chuck  Grassley for their commitment to getting a bill that includes important  sentencing reforms to the President's desk.   In the House, I want to thank my Judiciary Committee colleagues,  Hakeem Jeffries and Doug Collins, who worked together and with us to  achieve a bipartisan compromise that is the foundation of this bill.   I also thank the ranking member of the Crime Subcommittee,  Representative Sheila Jackson Lee, who has helped hold this legislation  to a high standard, knowing that so many are counting on us to address  longstanding injustices.   There are many others in the House who have fought for substantial  reform for years, upon whose labors this bill was built, who deserve  our thanks.   Finally, let me recognize Judiciary Committee Chairman  Bob  Goodlatte, who is retiring at the end of this term. He and I have not  always seen eye to eye on a range of issues, including some aspects of  this bill, but I appreciate his efforts as chairman over the past 6  years to work with my Democratic colleagues on the committee. Today, we  join together in supporting an important, bipartisan bill. I thank him  for his leadership in bringing us to the final stage of its  consideration and for his service to Congress and to the country.   As for the bill itself, S. 756 makes a number of reforms to our  Federal sentencing laws. It also establishes a new system to provide  incentives to some Federal prisoners to participate in programs that  will reduce the risk that they will commit crimes once they are  released.   The prison reform provisions in this bill are similar to those in  H.R. 5682, the House-passed measure with the same name as this new  bill. The bill before us today includes provisions intended to address  concerns that I and many others raised about the fairness of the new  recidivism reduction system for Federal prisons.   For instance, this revised bill establishes an independent review  committee of outside experts to assist the Justice Department in the  development of the risk and needs assessment system that would  determine the programming for inmates, their risk categories, and their  eligibility for early entry into prerelease custody. Also, the bill  expands the option for prerelease custody to include supervised  release.   Changes such as these, in addition to authorizing more funding for  the expansion of programming to reduce the risk of recidivism by  inmates, help make this new system more fair.   In the other direction, however, I am disappointed the bill excludes  additional categories of offenders from being able to earn early entry  into prerelease custody, reducing the risk reduction incentives for  those who perhaps need it the most.  [[Page H10362]]    The prison reform provisions of this bill also include a number of  very positive changes, such as banning shackling of pregnant and  postpartum inmates, fixing the calculation of time off earned for good  behavior, improving application of compassionate release, and providing  other measures to improve the welfare of Federal inmates.   In addition, the bill reauthorizes the Second Chance Act, a  historically bipartisan effort to help ex-offenders successfully  reenter their communities after having served their time.   Critically, this bill would not only implement these reforms to our  prison system, but it also takes a crucial first step toward addressing  grave concerns about our sentencing laws, which have for years fed a  national crisis of mass incarceration.   It was largely due to the absence of provisions changing our  sentencing laws that some of us opposed the House version of this bill,  but that exclusion has been remedied, and we now support this bill  wholeheartedly.   Among the sentencing reforms contained in this bill are expanding the  existing safety valve to allow judges greater authority to sentence  low-level, nonviolent offenders below the mandatory minimum, applying  the crack cocaine sentence reductions from the Fair Sentencing Act of  2010 retroactively, reducing certain minimum sentences for recidivist  offenders, and stopping the unfair ``stacking'' of mandatory sentencing  enhancements for certain repeat firearms offenders.   Although we must do far more to address the injustice of mandatory  minimum sentences and other policies that lead to mass incarceration,  these changes recognize the fundamental unfairness of a system that  imposes lengthy imprisonment that is not based on the facts and  circumstances of each offender and each case.   This legislation is not the end of the discussion. As the title of  the bill suggests, it is a first step. It will not solve longstanding  problems with our criminal justice system--issues and injustices that  will require more aggressive and comprehensive reforms in the future-- but it does make substantial reforms, and it demonstrates that we can  work together to make the system more fair in ways that will also  reduce crime and victimization.    Therefore, I support this bill, and I ask my colleagues to do the  same.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous  consent that the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee) be permitted  to control the balance of my time.   