 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I also  thank the chairman, as well as members on the Subcommittee on Federal  Lands, especially Chairman  Tom McClintock, for their unanimous support  of my bipartisan bill, the Free Veterans from Fees Act. I would also  like to thank my colleague, the Congresswoman from Hawaii, Tulsi  Gabbard, in co-leading this bipartisan effort.   Throughout the year, veteran groups visit our national war memorials  to take part in honor buses and honor flights and other commemorations  that require special use permits issued by the National Park Service.  The permit application requires, without exception, that a fee be  submitted along with the completed permit application. Specifically,  here in our Nation's Capital, The National Mall charges $120 for public  gatherings and special events. The Free Veterans from Fees Act would  waive the application fee associated with special use permits for any  veteran demonstration or special event at war memorials on Federal  land.   We have a solemn obligation to stand with our veterans. They stood  for us. We must stand for them. This simple bill is about fostering a  culture in which all veterans are valued for their service and  sacrifice to our country. The least we can do is to make it easier for  groups of veterans and their families to visit national war memorials  so they can honor the contributions of our men and women in uniform.   I have the privilege of serving the many military members and  veterans who live and work in western Pennsylvania. Many of these  veterans come together to help their fellow veterans and their families  by pooling their time, energy, and financial resources to organize bus  trips.   In fact, a recent trip from western Pennsylvania happened just this  past month. I had the privilege to welcome these veterans and their  families to the World War II Memorial here in Washington, D.C. This  honor bus was organized by a remarkable couple, Jerry and Lydian Fisher  of Beaver County, who have a heart for service and a real commitment  and devotion to these trips since 2006.   Veterans want to help each other, and this is proof. I consider it a  privilege to meet the men and women whom Jerry and Lydian bring to  Washington. On the most recent trip, we even welcomed a 100-year-old  World War II veteran, Charles Wiggins from Wilkinsburg.   The men and women who are willing to die for this country should be  given every opportunity to commemorate their service, the sacrifices of  their fellow servicemembers, and the hardships faced by those left  behind. Assessing fees from the very people these memorials were built  to honor is unacceptable and unnecessary.   Our veterans were willing to stop at nothing to defend our Nation.  We, as a nation, should stop at nothing to ensure our obligation to  honor them is fulfilled. Our veterans deserve this legislation. It is  just one more simple step to honor them.   