 Mr. Speaker, this is a day we should all celebrate. It  is not that often we have an opportunity to have a bipartisan,  bicameral bill that does so much to help America.   There are a lot of thank yous to go around. You have heard about the  particulars of the bill. I want to thank Bill Shuster, who has been a  very good friend and has put his faith and trust in allowing me to  chair the Aviation Subcommittee 6 years. I thank Peter DeFazio and Rick  Larsen for their help. Rick has been a partner with me on Coast Guard  and aviation issues.   Also, the staff doesn't get enough thanks for the time and energy and  work they put into it. I thank Holly Lyons, Naveen Rao, and Hunter  Presti for all they have done over the years to make this committee  move forward. And very special thanks to Geoff Gosselin, who was my  legislative director for a number of years and has been a part of the  major committee staff for a long time.   This is really important to me. Aviation and the FAA has been a  passion for me for all of my years in Congress. I have the honor of  representing the Federal Aviation Administration's crown jewel  technical center, which is in my district. The technical center is the  heartbeat of aviation and the FAA in America. It is, as I said, the  crown jewel for safety and security, and for keeping our Nation safe  with the greatest aviation system in the world.   But it is not because of the sophisticated laboratories and  equipment. Yes, we have all that. It is the thousands of men and women  who work there who put their heart, soul, energy, and enthusiasm into  the dedication of making sure that our aviation system in the United  States of America is the finest and the best. This bill will give the  certainty and stability for them to do their job for 5 years.    As you heard Chairman Shuster say, this has not  happened since 1982. So for the men and women of the tech center, for  the heart and soul that you have put into our system, God bless you and  thank you for doing the great job that you do.   