 Mr. President, I want to talk for just a few minutes  about Senator Heidi Heitkamp, but first I want to start by talking a  little bit about why North Dakota is so important to me.   My grandfather and grandmother lived in Argusville, in West Fargo,  and moved to the place where I farm in about 1910, so I have always had  a kinship with North Dakota.   Before I came to this body--even before I got into the State  legislature--I always looked at North Dakota with envy because they had  two U.S. Senators by the names of Byron Dorgan and Kent Conrad. I  thought they were incredibly effective people, and when I got to this  body, I found out that in fact they were. Byron used to talk about  Rosie the Riveter and trade and Kent used to talk about the budget.   Then there was this lady by the name of Heidi Heitkamp, who decided  to run when Kent hung up his cleats. I remember sitting in caucus as  the campaign unfolded in 2012. As a candidate, especially in a tough  State like North Dakota is or a tough State like Montana is, you always  worry about different issues as they are coming down the pike and how  you were going to deal with them and how you were going to message  them. Healthcare was a big deal in the 2012 election. I saw one of the  ads Heidi had offered up. She didn't step away from the issue. She laid  into the issue. That was a sign of what was to come when she got into  this body.   I remember the night she got elected and, as she pointed out, she  wasn't supposed to get elected, but she did because she is a special  person and a special candidate. I remember driving home the next  morning, and I called Kent Conrad. I said: Congratulations. He said:  You are going to love Heidi Heitkamp. She is an incredible person. I  remember he also said: What you are going to love about her the most is  that she is normal. In this body, that says a lot--because Heidi  Heitkamp is normal. She is somebody who sees the world as it is. She  sees rural America as it is. She has leaned into every issue. They have  been well documented  [[Page S7402]]  here today. She has been incredibly effective in this body, but most  importantly--and most of what this body is going to have to compensate  for when she goes--every issue she brought up today revolves around  rural America.   Not many people live in rural America anymore. We have all moved to  the coast or we have moved to the bigger cities. She is right; Fargo is  the big city. In Montana, people have moved from the rural areas to the  big cities like Great Falls and Billings and Missoula. Those people and  their challenges in those rural areas are real. Heidi Heitkamp brought  those challenges to the floor, brought them to committee every single  day. I can't tell you how much I appreciate that, being a child of  rural America.   So as we move forward, as Heidi has given her last speech on the  Senate floor and laid out the challenges we need to take up in this  Senate--and the challenges she laid out are real and they will not get  solved by one party or the other, they will only get solved, as she  knows, by working together. I will say this. You have been an  incredible friend, an incredible ally, somebody who is normal, and I  wish you Godspeed moving ahead. I am sure we haven't heard the last of  Heidi Heitkamp.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 630,  S.J. Res. 64.    Mr. President, I just want to make a very short statement  and then flesh it out a little further tomorrow.   The resolution we are about to take up will help to protect our  democracy, and it will hold special interests accountable. I do not  believe we can continue to allow special interests to hide under the  cover of darkness, as they have such great influence on our elections.  The American people have spoken. I think they have made it clear that  they are very tired of the dark money in our elections and that the  decision by the administration to allow megadonors and special  interests to further hide is not acceptable.   The vote is simple. The vote is for more transparency by these  special interests. Quite frankly, it has major impacts on our  elections. I just went through one, and I will talk a little more about  it tomorrow.   The bottom line is that this resolution is one that, I believe, will  add more transparency, will help our democracy, will help both  Democrats and Republicans know who is trying to influence the  elections, and will also allow us to determine whether foreign  entities--which is, by the way, illegal--are trying to influence our  elections.   I yield the floor.   