 Mr. President, I spoke before the Fourth of July  recess about two financial risks that are coming our way thanks to not  getting anything done on climate change.   One, of course, is the risk to coastal properties--not something the  Presiding Officer has to worry too much about given his home State but  something that Rhode Island, the Ocean State, has to care a lot about  and that the distinguished Senator from Florida and his constituents  have to care a lot about.   There is a point where rising sea levels intrude on the saleability,  the mortgageability, and the insurability of houses. None other than  Freddie Mac, the huge Federal housing corporation, is predicting that  there will be a coastal property meltdown.   The other risk is that of a carbon bubble. There is a lot of talk in  the economic literature about a carbon bubble. One recent financial  study reports that ``the potential effects of a carbon bubble on  financial stability have been recently discussed in the academic  literature and are increasingly on the agenda of [bank] regulators and  supervisors.'' Indeed, in an official statement, the Bank of England  has warned that ``investments in fossil fuels and related technologies  . . . may take a huge hit.'' That huge hit is the other side of a  carbon bubble: It pops, and you have a crash. So let's look at the  prospects for not just a carbon bubble but a carbon crash.   There are several elements in the runup to a crash. Some of these we  witnessed in the crash of the housing bubble back in 2008. When these  conditions exist, we should take warning.   One condition is whether you can trust the players. In the housing  crash, the rating agencies were in bed with the banks, and you couldn't  trust their risk evaluations. The whole thing was cooked. The big fees  the rating agencies were taking also took their eye off the ball, and  they gave wildly erroneous ratings to high-risk investments. So at the  heart of the 2018 housing crash was a failure of trustworthiness.   Can we trust the fossil fuel industry any better than those rating  agencies? There is no reason to think so, and there is plenty of reason  to think not. This is an industry that has been lying about fossil  fuel's effect on our climate for decades, and once you get used to  lying about one thing, it is hard to contain the spread of the rot.  Exxon even once gave its CEO the infamous, phony Oregon Petition, which  urged the United States to reject the Kyoto Protocol, to cite to  shareholders at an annual meeting.   I have spoken before about what I consider to be the  untrustworthiness of Exxon's response to the BlackRock shareholder  resolution, which required Exxon to report the predicted effect of  climate policies on Exxon's business model. As fossil fuels are priced  out of the market by renewable energy and as nations enact carbon  emissions restrictions, fossil fuel reserves now claimed as assets by  energy companies may become undevelopable stranded assets.   In a nutshell, Exxon seems to have wildly--indeed, so wildly, you can  only conclude deliberately--overestimated the adoption of carbon  capture utilization and storage, wildly underestimated the adoption of  electric vehicles, and wildly underestimated renewable energy growth,  all to reach its rosy conclusions that its assets were more or less  secure.   On the subject of trustworthiness, right now big oil companies are  still being untrustworthy, telling the world they want a price on  carbon, while at the same time telling their political fixers in  Congress to kill any such thing. Who knows how much they push around  their analysts and others who  [[Page S4905]]  are curious about a carbon bubble. What we know is that trusting this  industry is asking a lot. That is condition one for a bubble in a  crash--untrustworthy actors.   Condition two is market failure. Markets usually correct and have a  smoothing effect. If there is market failure, markets can go off course  until the correction comes, and then the correction is so immediate and  so big that it amounts to a crash. There is market failure in fossil  fuel that props up this bubble. Indeed, there are several. The biggest  is that the fossil fuel industry rides on what the IMF calculates is a  global multitrillion-dollar annual subsidy: $700 billion in subsidy  every year in the United States alone, says the International Monetary  Fund. That subsidy massively warps the operation of the market.   There is also what appears to be a methodological issue. The oil  industry is ordinarily measured financially by net asset value  analysis. As one paper noted, this is an ``industry valuation  methodology [that] assumes full extraction of fossil fuel reserves.'' A  methodology that assumes full extraction of fossil fuel reserves  becomes a problem when the question is whether extraction of those  reserves is even possible.   There is also what I would call a ``massiveness factor'' at work  here. Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns were so massive that it was hard  to imagine them vanishing, but they did. The market value of fossil  fuel reserves that can't be burned is around $20 trillion, according to  the World Bank. That is such a big wipeout that it is hard to  comprehend, let alone anticipate. People wait until tomorrow. Then, the  tomorrows pile up into a bubble, and then the crash comes when the  first person panics and everybody runs.   One other market failure is actually how the crooked political  pressure of this industry is causing us not to focus on the 2-degree  Celsius ceiling that scientists warn us about for global warming, or,  actually, safer yet is the 1.5-degree Celsius ceiling, which burning  existing reserves will blow us through. We cannot have both a safe  planet and full extraction, and the fossil fuel industry is choosing  extraction.   That political castle of climate denial will fall sooner or later. It  is false. Not only is condition one met--untrustworthy players--but  condition two is met: There is a massive, multiple market failure in  fossil fuel awaiting correction, which brings us to condition three:  The energy market is undermining fossil fuels as a technology.   We are reaching a tipping point. Here is Lazard's cost curve for  onshore wind energy. It shows, over 8 years, a 67-percent decrease in  cost. This line shows the cost of wind energy steadily declining from  2009 until 2017.   At the same time these wind costs were dramatically declining,  utility-scale solar costs and rooftop solar costs also declined  dramatically. This line represents rooftop solar costs. This line below  it represents utility-scale solar costs. Again, there was a percentage  decrease of 86 percent.   New solar and wind energy projects are already becoming more  economical than existing coal plants, as we just saw in Colorado. New  solar and wind projects now compete on price with new natural gas  plants, as a recent auction in Arizona showed.   The cost trajectory for renewables continues steeply downward. When  you compare U.S. wind and solar to other energy sources, you see the  trend is clear, and here is the result. On cost, the lowest cost  providers are onshore wind and utility-scale solar. More expensive than  them is natural gas. More expensive is coal. More expensive still is  nuclear. That is not counting the subsidy. That is apparent price.   This same trend is also happening globally. This graphic is prepared  by the World Economic Forum, and it shows the same thing for  renewables. In particular, here is the rapidly declining cost of solar  photovoltaic. Here is the cost of coal, and here, right now, they cross  over. We are at the tipping point, where it is cheaper worldwide to  develop solar and wind than it is to burn coal.   Stanford economist Tony Seba studies economic disruptions, and he  likes to see these two photographs. It will be hard to see from where  you are. This is Fifth Avenue in New York City in 1900. If you look at  the photograph, you can see that every vehicle there is drawn by a  horse. In 1900, every vehicle was drawn by a horse. If you look very  closely, it appears there is one leading-edge, non-horse-drawn vehicle.  The whole street is filled with horse-drawn carriages and wagons in  1900. Thirteen years later, on Fifth Avenue in New York City, every  single vehicle in that street is now an automobile. In only 13 years,  there was a complete transition in transportation. If you were a  harness maker, this was a tough transition for you. In just 13 years,  the world changed, illustrating the point that major economic  disruptions can take place fast. Think land lines and cell phones, if  you want a modern example.   People still ride horses, and they probably always will, but our  transportation sector shifted rapidly from horse-drawn conveyance to  automobiles because horse-drawn conveyance was an antiquated technology  that got left behind. People still have landlines. I have one at home.  We hardly ever use it. The communications industry shifted rapidly, as  antiquated landline technology got left behind.   As the energy market shifts to cleaner, cheaper, more efficient  renewable technologies, fossil fuels soon will not compete in the  marketplace. There is our third condition: not just untrustworthy  players, not just market distortion, but also a technological tipping  point making the fossil fuel technology obsolete.   There is a fourth condition. This fourth condition basically puts an  accelerator on condition three in certain sectors of the energy market.  Condition four is based on the fact that the marginal cost of  production of a unit of fossil fuel energy varies considerably. Some  fuels are low cost and high cost to produce. Some geographical  locations are low cost and high cost locations. In this variance, coal  is pretty much dead already at the hands of oil and gas, purely because  of cost. We can set coal aside for a moment.   In the world's oil markets, much of this cost of production variant  is masked right now by energy cartels that prop up the price of oil.  Cartel behavior to prop up the price of your product makes economic  sense if you can maintain monopoly pressure to prop up the price, but  it also only makes sense for the cartel participants if you can  anticipate that you can sell your product out into the future. You hold  back your output to drive up price and to maximize your return in the  hopes that in the future you will be able to keep doing the same thing  and you will be able to sell your product.   If you are not sure that there will be another day to sell your  product at the propped-up price, you start to get anxious about your  product becoming stranded and about your product becoming valueless. At  that point, it doesn't make sense to engage in cartel behavior. What  makes sense is to maximize your output and to sell as much as you can  while your commodity still has value--basically, to have a fire sale.   Low-cost fossil fuel energy producers would be rational to drop their  prices and maximize their market-share, fire-sale pricing while their  fossil fuel still has value. Get the dammed stuff out the door while  you still can. That behavior--dropping the cost, pricing at your  marginal cost of production, and selling as much of your product as you  can--will fend off the inevitable for low-cost producers for a while.  However, for those producers that can't match that fire-sale price, the  downward trajectory of their crash steepens catastrophically. As soon  as you can't produce not at the cartel price but at the lowered fire- sale price--as soon as you cannot meet that price--you are out of  business. There still is a fossil fuel market. You are just not in it.  The bad news for the United States is that this is where much of our  market is. Economists looking at this carbon bubble mess warn that  high-cost regions like the United States could ``lose almost their  entire oil and gas industry.'' Let me quote that again: ``lose almost  their entire oil and gas industry.''   To recap about a fossil fuel ``carbon bubble,'' the players aren't  trustworthy; the fossil fuel markets aren't efficient in the economic  sense; fossil fuels as a technology are now tipping into being  obsolete, priced out by renewables; and our U.S. industry is  particularly vulnerable to an accelerated market meltdown when the tide  shifts.  [[Page S4906]]    Those four conditions don't make a great scenario. That is a warning  we need to start considering. What should we do?   Everyone seems to agree on two safety measures. First, there is one  sensible hedge: Don't invest all in fossil fuel. Invest more in  renewables. Be on the winning side of the shift. Start making  carburetors, not just a mule harness. There is also one important,  sensible economic strategy; that is, to manage the transition.   As one paper on this subject concluded, ``The issue of concern is the  lack of any transitional strategy. . . . Inadequate, conflicting or  slow responses to climate change in investment and finance can entail  risks that could be avoided under a more orderly transition.''   You could equate it to jumping out of an airplane. You are going to  end up on the ground anyway. Wouldn't you like a parachute to make it a  gentler and more survivable voyage? What is the parachute but a  transition plan for managing this shift? The best one is a price on  carbon.   This takes us back to the discreditable conduct of the fossil fuel  industry, which, far from leading through this transition, far from  trying to build itself a parachute, is busily still trying to deny that  there is any such transition, including, in my view, their falsely  reporting to shareholders that this is all going to be OK, and we are  going to be able to extract and sell all of our reserves. This is an  industry that is still fighting like a wounded bear to prevent anyone  from organizing the orderly transition they need.   At some point, there has to be a grownup in the room. The fossil fuel  industry has shown no capacity for that role, which makes it up to us  in Congress to help America prepare for both the predicted crash in  coastal property values, as sea level begins to enter the mortgage and  insurance horizon for those properties, and the predicted carbon bubble  we see coming and that economists write about coming that we can manage  our way through if we are responsible. In that regard, it is time for  us to wake up.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   