 Mr. Speaker, I think the gentleman for doing this tonight  and for giving me the opportunity just to give you some news from the  other side of the State.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the significant impact that  comprehensive tax reform has had on Georgia's 12th District.   As a businessman, I bring a different perspective to the Halls of  Congress. During my tenure in Congress, I have been focused on three  goals: grow the economy, get folks back to work, and reduce the size  and scope of the Federal Government.   Like me, President Trump is a businessman; and under his leadership,  we are getting our economy back on track. Nothing can compare to the  effect that tax reform is having on jump-starting our economy and  expanding small businesses and creating jobs.   Over the past few months, I have had the opportunity to meet with  several small businesses as I have traveled across Georgia 12 to  discuss how tax reform is making real changes for them and their  employees.   I would like to share the story of Georgia Tire Company, a 72-year- old business located in Vidalia, Georgia.   In 1946, two brothers, after World War II, decided to buy a small gas  station.  [[Page H1686]]  One of their sons, Rusty, began working alongside his father and uncle  during the summer of 1965, and then began working full time at the  family business in 1972, with a third generation of workers not far  behind. Now they are known as a reputable business selling tires across  the district and providing automotive repairs in Toombs County.   The Moses family has built their business through hard work; treating  customers fairly; a little bit of luck; and, most importantly, through  their employees, who are treated like part of their family.   When I had the opportunity to speak with Rusty Moses about the  success of his family business, he told me that his employees are  hardworking, honest, law-abiding people, but high taxes and complex  laws continued to stifle their income. Mr. Moses promised his employees  that if the tax laws were changed, they would share in the business tax  savings through performance bonuses and salary increases. Thanks to tax  reform, this promise has become a reality.    Georgia Tire Company has seen an increase in take-home pay, and it  plans to issue employee bonuses at the end of this fiscal year.   There are so many family businesses like Georgia Tire Company that  are truly the lifeblood of our communities. Before tax reform, these  businesses were struggling to make ends meet and unable to provide  their employees with well-earned benefits.   Don't just take my word for it. There are more than 4 million  Americans who have already seen the positive impacts of tax reform,  just like at this tire company.   With Congress and the President working hand-in-hand, we have made  great strides. I can't tell you how happy I am to see our local  businesses thriving in the new American economy, growing this economy,  and giving all Americans the opportunity to have a good job.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my fellow colleagues and President Trump for  their support of comprehensive tax reform for all Americans.   