 Madam Speaker, pursuant to clause 1 of rule XXII and by  direction of the Committee on Appropriations, I have a motion at the  desk.    Madam Speaker, this is a necessary step to continue to  move the fiscal year 2019 appropriations process forward under regular  order.   On July 19, the House passed H.R. 6147 by a vote of 217-199, which  includes the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies and the  Financial Services and General Government bills.   The Senate has now sent H.R. 6147 back to the House with the  Agriculture  [[Page H7895]]  and Transportation bills added to the package. With the appointment of  these conferees, the House and the Senate may begin to resolve  differences, with the goal of passing H.R. 6147 before the end of the  fiscal year.   As such, I strongly support this motion.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the  previous question on the motion.   The previous question was ordered.   The motion was agreed to.   A motion to reconsider was laid on the table.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in reluctant opposition to the motion to  instruct conferees. The House and Senate, both Democrats and  Republicans, have been working together to complete work on as many  appropriations bills as possible as quickly as possible. We face a  looming deadline of September 30. We are making great progress.   The conferees recognize the importance of the four bills included in  this conference package: Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies;  Financial Services and General Government; Agriculture, Rural  Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies; and  Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies. These programs  support economic growth, the preservation and promotion of our natural  resources and agricultural products, and critical law enforcement  functions.   As chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee, I am determined to complete this legislation, a  commitment I know my friends on the other side of the aisle and on the  other side of the Capitol also share.   As we are doing with the two other conference committees, both of  which I am serving on, we are negotiating in good faith and working to  ensure that the agencies and departments under these bills are  adequately funded.   The House and Senate are returning to regular order, and this is  great news for the American people. We should let the process work as  intended.   Given this, this motion to instruct is unnecessary. I am sure it is  going to be one of the items we will be discussing over the next few  days. We should not risk any delays to completing the final conference  report for these four bills, particularly given the deadline and  limited number of legislative days ahead.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this motion to instruct  conferees, and I yield back the balance of my time.   