 Mr. Speaker, I will start by thanking Chairman Jeb  Hensarling and Ranking Member Maxine Waters for their great work on  this bipartisan bill in which we stand up on both sides of the aisle  today and urge our colleagues to vote for it.   This has been a gratifying effort to watch around a terribly  important purpose, which is trying to do all we can, without damaging  the safety and soundness of our financial system, to make sure that  young companies, the lifeblood of our economy, the source of  opportunity for so many people, are given the opportunity to get  started to pick up momentum and ultimately to provide the products and  jobs that so benefit our communities.   I am standing today, in particular, to highlight an element of this  bill that I  [[Page H6309]]  am very grateful was included, which is title 31. Title 31 would call  for a study around one of the biggest expenses that young companies  that are about to go public face. That is the cost of going public, the  cost that is charged in the form of a growth spread and other costs  associated with the act of going public.   We want our companies trading on the public markets. It is a good  source of capital. It is a good opportunity, in many instances, for  investors and retail investors, in particular, to participate.    Growth spreads in this country--that is, the fee for going public-- have been remarkably constant over decades at 7 percent. That is a lot  of money. For a $200 million IPO, which is not an atypical size, that  is $14 million. That substantially exceeds the estimates that people  make about what compliance with regulation costs.   I have seen estimates for the cost of compliance between $1 million  and $3 million a year. In a $200 million IPO, $14 million is a huge  amount of money at a very sensitive moment in a company's lifecycle.   This study would simply look at it to see if there are things that we  could do to make this market more efficient, perhaps achieve better  pricing, perhaps make it easier and less costly for more companies to  access the public markets.   I stand in support of this bill, and urge its passage.   