 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  allowed to speak for several minutes and then turn the floor over to  the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Blumenthal, and then, thereafter,  that we may be permitted to engage in a brief colloquy.    Mr. President, Senator Blumenthal and I have come to  the floor with a shared concern that the raiding parties are circling  the Mueller investigation and preparing for an attack on that  investigation.   We see this with collateral attacks on individual members of law  enforcement. We see this with efforts to discredit the FBI and the  Department of Justice in general. We have seen it even with  Presidential tweets seeking to discredit folks who might be witnesses  before a grand jury, which would, with the right state of mind,  actually amount to obstruction of justice itself.   The first thing I want to say is that the Senate is entitled to a  full and truthful explanation of why Deputy Director McCabe of the FBI  left. We do not know the reason behind his sudden, abrupt departure.  But we do know that Sally Yates was fired; we do know that Jim Comey  was fired; we do know that Bob Mueller was not fired only because White  House Counsel threw himself in front of that decision by President  Trump and said: If you do that, I am out.   So firings at the top of our Department of Justice are becoming an  unpleasantly frequent thing, and they tend to relate to matters where  investigations touch on the White House: Sally Yates and the Flynn  investigation; Jim Comey and the obstruction of justice, Russia  collusion investigation; and, of course, Bob Mueller leading that  investigation. I think we are entitled to answers, and I call for a  full and truthful explanation.   The second thing going on is the more general attack on the FBI, the  latest episode of which is this so-called Nunes memo, which has been  described by Democratic House Members who have seen that memo and the  underlying documents out of which it was selectively cherry-picked as  profoundly misleading. It had the political purpose of spreading a  false narrative--the political purpose of spreading a false narrative.  This is like the information operations the Kremlin used to run against  the free world if they had a political purpose of spreading a false  narrative.   They also said it has the purpose of undermining legitimate  investigations. Guess which legitimate investigations they mean.   This business of selectively cherry-picking things out of classified  information to spread a false narrative has a very unpleasant echo for  me because this is what the Bush administration was up to when it was  trying to defend the torture program. They selectively declassified,  for instance, that Abu Zubaydah had been the subject of what they  called their enhanced interrogation techniques program and that he had  produced important, actionable intelligence. What they did not  declassify was that all the actionable intelligence he gave them had  been provided before they started on the torture techniques. Then, once  the pros from Dover came down--who didn't know anything about how to  interrogate somebody but only knew how to do torture techniques--he  clammed up, and that was the last actionable intelligence we got out of  him. So deliberately misleading by selectively declassifying is an  established technique, and it is one that is both shady and dangerous.   The process by which this so-called Nunes report or memo came out  smells. It is the first ever invocation of an obscure House rule  allowing for the selective declassification of material. It happened on  a purely partisan vote. Trump's own appointees to the Department of  Justice have called efforts to release the memo ``extraordinarily  reckless.'' Yet, on a purely partisan vote, using this previously never  used rule, they are putting the selectively cherry-picked false  narrative out into the public debate.   Why are they steaming ahead with a report that Ranking Member Adam  Schiff says ``contains significant errors of fact,  mischaracterizations, and omits critical context and detail''? At the  same time, they are pulling one more procedural stunt, which is to  stall for at least a week a Democratic report that would rebut and  expose the misleading character of the Republicans' document.   The only conceivable purpose is to take the false narrative and give  it a headstart of a week so that the poison gets out into our  information system. Sure enough, they are pounding away at getting that  information out. FOX News is already whipping it up, talking about how  it is going to be a bombshell and explosive. The House Freedom Caucus  has Trump revved up about the memo, urging him to support its release-- against the advice of his own law enforcement and national security  officials.   Over at Breitbart, FOX News, and throughout the rightwing echo  chamber, hashtag ``Release the Memo'' became the rallying cry. Not only  was it the rallying cry of Breitbart and FOX News--guess what. It was  the rallying cry of our friends, the Russians. Hashtag ``Release the  Memo'' remains the most used hashtag by social media accounts  associated with Russian influence operations. Even the President's son,  Don junior, got involved in the game, tweeting out that ``Democrats &  deep state govt officials''--I guess by that he means the Trump  appointees who said that releasing this report would be extraordinarily  reckless--are behind some mischief and therefore, all caps, ``RELEASE  THE MEMO.''   When you see a political steamroller like that happening, when you  see bizarre, peculiar, and unprecedented procedures, when you see that  it is entirely partisan and against the advice of our national security  officials, it is hard to draw a good conclusion about what the heck is  going on.   Mr. President, I yield to my distinguished colleague from  Connecticut.    Mr. President, to follow the words of my  distinguished colleague from Connecticut, not only are House  Republicans--to use his phrase--playing into the hands of the Russians,  they are actually playing by the playbook of the Russians. If you  understand the Russian information warfare, the Gerasimov doctrine, the  way in which Russians--and before them, Soviets--for years tried to  poison the factual environment around them, and then you put that up  against this scheme where you start with the selective release of  classified material that the public can't get behind because the rest  is classified, the false narrative that the ranking member has pointed  out that that creates, the partisan and peculiar process for getting  there, the ignoring of warnings from their own national security  officials about how bad this is, the convenient whipping up of all of  this in far-right media at the same time, the amplification of that  actually by Russian bots and other sources, and the fact that this is  all pointed, not coincidentally, at the agency and officials who are  engaged in investigating the Trump White House and the Trump campaign,  it is so appallingly obvious what the game is that is being played  here.   It is stunning to me, to follow on what Senator Blumenthal said, that  we have heard nothing--at least I have heard nothing--perhaps the  Senator from Connecticut can illuminate further, but I have heard  nothing from our Director of National Intelligence, DNI Coats, and I  have heard nothing from CIA Director Pompeo for--how long it has been?  Since the very foundation of the FISA Court in the wake of Watergate,  it has been an essential defense of our intelligence community that  they don't want release of the FISA Court records. Now we have a  partisan release that touches back to FISA applications that the  Department of Justice has said is reckless. And where are they? It is  astonishing that the custodians of those secrets appear to have  absolutely no concern about this  [[Page S574]]  partisan and peculiar, selective release of classified information.   I will echo another point Senator Blumenthal made. This just happens  to be happening at a time when the sanctions we voted on by massive  bipartisan majorities--I can stack the votes together, House and  Senate. It was something like 515 to 5. It was an enormous, bipartisan  vote to sanction the Russians for what they have been doing, and that  just went live. The President could impose those sanctions now. Yet he  has not. What is the explanation?   The only people this President seems incapable of being tough on are  Russians. It is a very unpleasant set of coincidences. At the same  time, here we are with the Republican leadership in the House and the  Republican leadership in the Senate and virtually every law enforcement  and national security official who has come before us is saying: Hey,  yeah, they did attack our last election in 2016, and they are going to  attack our next election in 2018.   We are warned that a hostile foreign power is going to attack our  2018 election. Where is the legislation to defend against that? Where  is the markup of the legislation? Where is the effort to do what needs  to be done to defend our democracy? Here we are just a few months out  from the election. We are 9 months out. Do I have the math right? It is  9 months between here and there. Nothing.   Why is it that whenever the Russians come up, it seems that the  Republican Party has to go into complete stasis, just roll right over.   I offer those thoughts to the distinguished Senator from Connecticut.   