 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand with my colleagues  here: Mr. Arrington from Texas, Mr. Fitzpatrick, and Mr. Khanna.    I want to say, since we started on this journey a year and a half  ago, I have been blown away by the response that I have gotten from  constituents in my district.   Ro Khanna and I wrote an op-ed together very early on in Congress  where we laid out three priorities for draining the swamp, one of which  was term limits; and to this day, I still have people coming up to me  on the street saying: I love that. I just love the fact that you  [[Page H7911]]  were willing to write an op-ed with a Democrat.   I just think it gets to what my colleagues have laid out, which is  that issues like this cross party lines. They have the overwhelming  support of 80 percent of the American people.   We have to ask ourselves the serious question as to whether we are  willing to disregard the wisdom, the common sense of 80 percent of the  American people. I think we do so at our own peril.   I recognize that there are principled and serious objections to the  idea of term limits, and I would like to address what I think are the  three most salient, albeit briefly.   The one thing I hear a lot from opponents of term limits is that,  well, we already have term limits built into the system. We have term  limits every 2 years in the House and every 6 years in the Senate in  the form of elections.   I understand the logic there, but anyone who is taking a serious look  at how elections work in this country cannot conclude that there is an  honest chance for newcomers to overcome the serious hurdles that we  have placed to them running for office and to overcome the serious  advantages that we have given incumbents.   I think my friend, Mr. Khanna, is the one pointing out that, in many  cases, the turnover rates among Members of Congress is actually lower  than in certain European monarchies, which goes to the fact that  incumbency comes with enormous advantage.   Think of how many good people, good citizens who love this country  aren't even willing to run because they see it as such an  insurmountable task. That shows how far we have gotten away from the  model of the citizen legislator.   I won't even get into the issue of PAC money that is available to  incumbents, as well as the way in which incumbents are able to use  their official budget to contact voters in a way that people trying to  challenge incumbents are not. So I don't think that argument stands up  to serious scrutiny.   The second thing I have heard, which I take seriously, is that term  limits have been tried at the State level, and there have been mixed  results. In some cases, there are arguments that they have actually had  a negative effect. I would say that, most basically, that experiment  has not been run enough times to be significant in a meaningful,  statistical sense.   Contrarily, we have actually run this experiment here over and over  again, and we have seen the results of careerism and the use of  congressional office as a stepping stone and as a means to enrichment.   But I would also say you have to make a fundamental distinction  between service at the Federal level and service at the State and local  level. And it is my belief that the Founders intended service at the  Federal level to be, as my colleague Jodey Arrington more eloquently  pointed out, a season of service.   You want expertise and authority concentrated at the lowest possible  level that is responsible, where it can be more responsive to the needs  of the people and, also, more accountable. So I bring that up to say  you have to make a distinction between service at the State level and  service at the Federal level.   The final thing I hear, and I think it is actually the most serious  objection, is that, if you term-limit Members of Congress, you will  only empower the staff; you will further empower a staff that, by the  way, is already overempowered and already running this place because  Members do not take an interest in the serious work of legislation and,  instead, are only interested in perpetuating the Kabuki theater that  dominates what we do in this place.   I am a former staffer. I worked in the Senate. I was paid to advise  Members of the Senate on how they should make decisions. I can tell you  that staff power is inversely proportional to Member interest. In other  words, if Members are not interested in doing the hard work of showing  up to their committee hearings, legislating, then staff is going to run  the place.   If you create a dynamic where Members feel they have a limited period  of time to make an impact via term limits, then it is my firm belief  that you will actually have the opposite effect, that you will have  Members taking ownership of the legislative process rather than  outsourcing it to not only unelected congressional staff, but unelected  members of the executive branch and the judicial branch whom the  American people did not hire to make laws.   They hired us to make laws, but we are failing in that fundamental  duty. We have placed most of the Federal Government on autopilot, and  we are more than happy to outsource consequential decisions that we  should be making constitutionally to Article II and Article III.   The final thing I will say, though: Put aside all the philosophical  arguments for or against term limits. Given what my colleagues have  laid out, given the historically low levels of approval that this body  faces right now, the shared sense among all of us that Congress, as an  institution, is fundamentally broken, that it is in need of some  serious reform, we need to do something different.   I cannot promise you that term limits will solve all of our problems,  but I believe firmly that, if nothing else--if nothing else--it will  send a signal to the American people that we are interested in changing  the status quo and the fundamental dynamic here in Washington, D.C.,  because the American people have made their opinion clear over and over  again, and that is that they are not satisfied with the status quo.   To continue business as usual, to continue making the same mistakes  over and over again, would satisfy the literal definition of insanity;  and I would hope that we could avoid that, at the very least. What my  colleague Mr. Fitzpatrick said and my colleague Jodey Arrington echoed,  that we should demand a vote, is absolutely right.   We are going to have a Speaker's race no matter who wins the  election. This should be a key part of that debate. Getting a vote on  the House floor is something that we should demand, and this is an idea  whose time has finally come.   