 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member and the  gentlewoman from Nevada from the committee of jurisdiction on this  issue.   During the markup of the National Flood Insurance Program, a number  of us suggested that perhaps there is a way to help this bankrupt  program save substantial funds. Right now, the program is $20 billion  in debt, and we have a temporary extension from the March omnibus that  expires in July.   The issue is that 2 percent of the properties in America have  accounted for 24 percent of the spending by the National Flood  Insurance Program. More than 30,000 of them have flooded five times  each and been rebuilt by the  [[Page H6226]]  bankrupt Federal Flood Insurance Program. Some have flooded more than  30 times.   This is insanity, that we would keep rebuilding in these flood-prone  areas, rebuilding, rebuilding, rebuilding, and piling up debt and  raising the insurance premiums for everybody else on the program who  presents way less risk.   So we decided that a way to go would be to provide a significant  incentive to these people, and the incentive would be that they would  have an agreed-upon contract with FEMA to purchase their property at  preflood market value, and they would also get a discount on their  Federal flood insurance. So they get the discount on the insurance and  have entered into an agreement to sell the property to FEMA at the full  market price. FEMA would remove the structures, and it would be turned  into open space that would continue to flood repeatedly, but we  wouldn't have to pay anything to rebuild it.   We proposed that. The House Republicans said, oh, they thought it  would be too expensive. We don't know if it would be too expensive. It  is 2 percent and 24 percent of the costs. I don't think it is going to  be more expensive. I think it is going to save a heck of a lot of  money.   So this bill would have the GAO, the Government Accountability  Office, study this proposal and set up a pilot program to see if,  indeed, it would facilitate cost savings and avoid the repeated  rebuilding of flood-prone structures and have willing takers on the  other side.   The other real incentive is that, if someone has finally tired of it  the fifth time their house was flooded and they want out, that process  now takes 2 to 5 years and involves a whole lot of negotiations over  value, preflood value, and all that sort of thing. Here you get an  agreed-upon preflood value; you get a discount on your flood insurance;  and you just walk away. FEMA will take care of the rest, the removal of  the rubble and turning that into open space.    So I think this would be one thing we need to do to help the Federal  Flood Insurance Program, which is critical. Thirty-four thousand people  in my State have it. I have had Federal insurance; I don't have it  anymore. But this is a critical program for many, many people who are  only very, very occasionally going to be flooded, but they can't get a  mortgage unless they have flood insurance.   Mr. Speaker, I recommend this bill strongly to my colleagues.   