 Mr. President, I rise to talk about my opposition to the  section 232 motion which will be voted on later today.   I have utmost respect for my colleagues who are bringing this motion.  I totally understand their logic, and I respect their point of view on  this and many other issues. One of the great things about this  deliberative body is that we deliberate. Unfortunately, I just don't  understand why this body continues to try to tie the hands of this  President at every turn.   We all know that enacting tariffs on imports is not the goal here.  This  [[Page S4887]]  President is committed to creating a more level playing field for our  workers and our companies here at home that compete on the unlevel  playing field which exists in the trade world we know of today. We need  to give this President, and every future President, frankly, room to  negotiate.   The 1962 Trade Expansion Act was passed by Congress to give the  executive branch the authority and flexibility to negotiate on trade.  It was this authority that paved the way for negotiations on the  General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade--GATT--which helped reduce  global trade barriers.   Most of my career, I have dealt within the GATT restrictions and  opportunities we have to trade across borders internationally. I think,  more than anybody else in this body, I have actually transacted  products across borders internationally. I am very concerned, in this  era of entrenchment in Congress, where we are so paralyzed that we  can't even fulfill our most basic constitutional function of funding  the government on time--which we have only done four times in 44  years--in that environment, if we get the authority on trade back, that  we will not be able to even hold a vote and have a debate and will  hamstring any administration's negotiating efforts.   Credibility in negotiating trade terms is absolutely critical.  Imagine a head of state in another part of the world dealing with our  head of state, knowing that before he can make any deal, he has to wait  on us in this body to act. I have been waiting 3 years to see this body  act on healthcare. We haven't been able to find a way to even solve one  of the most near crises we all know exists today. So imagine what a  world would look like if we are trying to do that in the trade  environment.   Like me, President Trump is an outsider to this political process. He  is a business guy who has seen the impact of unfair trade practices in  the real world. For years, he has seen how America has often been  treated unfairly when it comes to trade. I know, and most people who  have traded internationally in the last four decades know, these rules  were written by us. We wrote these rules. It created an unlevel playing  field that allowed the rest of the world to develop, but guess what. In  the last 40 years, we have seen global poverty be reduced by almost  two-thirds, while our poverty rate in the United States, since the  Great Society was signed into law, has not been reduced one iota. That  is partly a function of our trade practices.   This President has made it a priority to restore fairness and balance  to this trade imbalance with our trading partners around the world. He  needs credibility and he needs flexibility in order to achieve that.   Looking at what we are up against today, it is easy to see why the  President is insisting on getting America a better deal. Today, Canada  has a 270-percent tariff on U.S. milk; the EU keeps a 10-percent tariff  on American autos; Brazil bans U.S. fresh, frozen, and processed pork  products; China has a 15-percent tariff on American cars; the EU has a  tariff of up to 26 percent on U.S. seafood; and you cannot sell fresh  American potatoes in most of Mexico. I could do this all day.   We know there is an imbalance in trade around the world. This is  about making sure America is treated fairly and is in the best place to  do business in the world. It is about making America more competitive  and secure. It is about ensuring our economic and national security for  the next 100 years.   The President is taking a different approach, sometimes  controversial, but I believe he is a pragmatist, and I believe he only  wants one thing for America; that is, results and a level playing field  with the rest of the world.   I believe we ought to give the executive branch--just like the 1962  act did--space to negotiate. We need to give him space to succeed for  American workers and for American companies here at home.   With that, I urge my colleagues to oppose this motion.   I yield the floor.   