 Mr. President, I had not planned on talking about the  bill we have before us, S. 2155, but the other day I was listening to  another Member speak, and this Member was talking about how this bill  could threaten and possibly increase the predatory practices of people  who had mobile home loans.   As a person who had a mobile home loan and somebody who lived in a  mobile home park, I thought I would try to speak maybe about the  practical easing--what we are trying to accomplish with this bill. The  truth is, I would go further on regulatory tailoring than we have. We  didn't because we wanted bipartisan agreement on this bill, which we  have.   As a matter of fact, I thank the members on the Banking Committee who  joined with me and other members to make sure we kept the bill tailored  enough so we had bipartisan support.   On mobile homes--we get out here in the Senate, and we talk about  facts and figures. I can talk about the fact that half of my community  banks have ceased to exist in North Carolina since the crisis. I can  talk about a number of people I speak with who can't get loans, but  what I thought I would talk about is my own personal experience as a  16-year-old, 17-year-old kid living in a trailer park working with my  father.   He would do maintenance work. If a house caught on fire or there was  some sort of insurance damage, he would work with the insurance  companies to actually do repair work, and I was his handyman when we  would do these projects. We did not have a whole lot of money. My  father didn't have a lot of cash on hand, so the way we did it is, when  you had this insurance job, you bid on the insurance job. You knew how  much money you would make at the end. Then you go to a bank and get  what is called a 90-day note. Most of these projects were about 60- to  90-day projects, and you would go to a banker whom you had built a  relationship with, and you would ask them to trust you to get this  project done. You would show them the project you were doing, and he  would underwrite a loan that you had to pay back in 90 days. That is  why they called it a 90-day note.   Today, in the postcrisis world, that virtually never happens. Today,  we don't have community banks and personal banking relationships that  people can rely on to get access to capital. Even worse, with all the  community banks and smaller banks consolidating, ceasing to exist,  there are entire areas of North Carolina--a lot of people think North  Carolina is an urban State. The fact is, about half our population,  about 5 million people, live in rural areas. They have been hardest hit  by the consolidation of banks and the ceasing to exist of these sort of  lending institutions out in communities like the community I lived in  when I was 17 years old. They are not getting the money they need to  make ends meet.   What this bill is trying to do is recognize that, of course, after  the financial crisis, there was a regulatory exposure we needed to  address. The problem is, we simply went too far or at least with the  passing of time we now know we can claw back those regulations on  certain banks--particularly community and regional banks. That is all  this bill is intended to do.   As a matter of fact, this bill allows the regulators to go back after  those banks that are under the $250 billion threshold if they determine  that the practices they are involved in are particularly problematic or  may have a systemic impact on the financial system as a whole.   What we are trying to do is make sure we start seeing community banks  pop up in rural areas like the place I lived in outside of Nashville,  TN, where bankers could work with people and give them the resources  they need to pay their bills. Even as late as just a couple of years  ago--we have some folks who are speaking against the bill who said it  was important for us to advance these sorts of changes. As a matter of  fact, one Member said: ``It is important we advance this conversation  to ensure that prudential regulations for regional banks are crafted  appropriately.'' That is what this bill does.   Another Member or maybe the same Member said: ``We all agree that  regional banks are not systemically important.'' Regional banks are the  bigger banks. They would be like BB&T or Fifth Third Bank.   They are not systemically important. Well, then, I guess we can all  agree that the community banks and smaller banks aren't. That is what  this bill is about, some of the midsized regional banks and community  banks. We said we need to tailor it, and that is what this bipartisan  bill does.   Another Member said: ``I continue to believe we will not be  successful in providing regulatory relief to institutions of any size  if we don't have broad, bipartisan consensus.'' That is what this bill  has.   We always talk about the polar environment here and how we can get  nothing done. This is a bill that has had members of the Committee on  Banking, on which I serve, join together to make sure that all we  advanced out of the committee was a bipartisan consensus for regulatory  relief that allows cash to flow to people who need it--community banks,  regional banks that have a more intimate relationship with people who  need access to capital. That is what this bill does. For the life of  me, I can't understand why we can't all agree.   You have these discussions here where it sounds like we are doing  some big-bank relief--not at all. I have a couple of large banking  institutions in North Carolina, and they are going to have to continue  to submit 60,000-page, 100,000-page stress tests and CCAR reports to  make sure they don't create a  [[Page S1542]]  systemic threat. This bill doesn't touch that.   What this bill touches is a part of the ecosystem that is suffering.  What this bill does is reduce the regulatory burden so that guy who  existed back in the midseventies who would give my dad a 90-day note  can now do it and not have to say no because they simply can't afford  to do it either because it affects their portfolio or because they are  spending so much money on regulatory relief that they have to go after  the bigger loans. It is the people at my level at that time back in the  seventies who suffer.   This is a bipartisan bill, it is a responsible bill, and it is a bill  that is going to provide much needed relief.   I thank the Members on both sides of the aisle who recognize that  this is a prudent bill, that it is measured. I thank Chairman Crapo for  all the great work he has done to live up to his commitment to the  Members on the other side of the aisle to keep this tailored and to do  exactly what we said we were going to do. I look forward to its  passage.   I yield the floor.   