 Mr. Speaker, yes, America does have a wildfire when it  comes to the opioid crisis; and what we are getting this week and next,  instead of experienced, professional firefighters with a plan to put  out that wildfire, we are being offered a collection of garden hoses.  It won't get the job done.   If words, if speeches, if the President's tweets could resolve this  problem, we could be here today celebrating a victory. Instead, we have  a piecemeal program around the edges of the crisis.   You only have to look at the President's tweets and his near- meaningless declaration of a healthcare emergency, and how he is  handling the problem, to know how serious these Republicans are about  it. I think the President views this as just another one in the series  of political reality television shows that he is producing daily.  Because instead of turning to a physician, a firefighter, a scientist,  a drug policy expert, he has turned over the leadership of his entire  opioid crisis effort to a political consultant and double-talk expert,  Kellyanne Conway.   We haven't seen much other than talk over there, and with these 30  bills that are being considered today making modest changes around the  edges of the problem, we are not going to advance very far.   Of course, there is a reason for this in this Congress. We can only  consider legislation that a majority of the Republicans say we can  consider, and they applied a test to get these 30 bills to exclude  other ones. The test was twofold: If it cost much of anything, the bill  couldn't be considered here. Second, if Big Pharma opposed it, it  certainly couldn't be considered here.   So, like Trump, the Republican Congress offers more words, a few  bills that may help a few people, but does not address the central  issue in the crisis. What we need are substantial additional resources  for treatment.   Instead of going in that direction, the Republicans turned about- face, and they are trying to drag us backward so we will have even  fewer treatment options than today.   The President's latest assault on all Americans who have a  preexisting condition, to deny them access to healthcare, and his  assault to cut billions out of Medicaid, will deny the very places that  so many people can now turn to for opioid treatment. So they won't add  resources, they won't permit us to add resources, and they want to take  away the resources that exist today.   Of course, much of the treatment that is out there is necessary  because of the wrongs committed by pharmaceutical manufacturers in  promoting these opioids in the first place. Here again, the test is not  approved for bringing legislation on the floor because Big Pharma  opposes it.   I believe we should be following the lead of 41 State attorneys  general across America who are saying: Let's look at what Big Pharma  did to cause this problem. Why make the taxpayer pay for everything  when Big Pharma played such a role?   We ought to have accountability for those who helped to create the  opioid crisis, yet the Federal Government--though, again, Trump talked  about it, but he didn't do anything.    Mr. Speaker, after talking about it, the Justice  Department and the Trump administration have done nothing.   In one single year, Medicaid paid out $9.3 billion associated with  this opioid crisis, billions and billions of dollars. Yet, when I tried  in the Ways and Means Committee to get involved in terms of getting  back the money Medicare has paid out, other billions of dollars, it was  rejected on a party-line vote.   At the very time that we are being told our police and first  responders across America and, indeed, individual citizens should be  carrying naloxone, a drug that can reverse the effects of overdoses and  prevent a death, we have seen an incredible spike from Big Pharma in  the cost of that. I see headlines.   How does a $575 lifesaving drug jump to $4,500? Because these  pharmaceutical manufacturers think they can hijack America and,  particularly, our law enforcement sources.   We need more than a photo-op version of these measures. If every one  of the bills being considered, all 30 of them, are approved, few of  those who really need treatment are going to get it as a result of  this, and none of those responsible for this crisis will be held  accountable.   This crisis is a true hurricane. It is being treated like a dust  devil. Approve these modest proposals that do no harm, but then let's  move forward with a Congress that really wants to solve the problem.   