 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Garrett for his  leadership on this issue and for arranging this today.   Mr. Speaker, I want to take a few minutes to express my concern about  the way the Government of Iran has trampled on the rights of its people  to express their discontent with the current regime, which has resulted  in at least 21 deaths and more than 450 arrests. It is, quite frankly,  disturbing the way the Iranian Government has used its military might  to show an unacceptable and a disproportionate amount of force to quell  and to attempt to control protests.   Additionally, Iran's judiciary has disregarded the rights of  protesters to express themselves and to peacefully assemble, by  threatening harsh punishments. I have read reports that the  [[Page H68]]  government has blocked the Internet and social media services which, I  believe, constitutes a violation of fundamental rights of free speech.   People in Iran are suffering. Their economy is stagnant, and their  wages aren't keeping up with the costs of living. People are hungry,  and they have grown weary of a radical and a corrupt regime set on  sponsoring terrorism and pursuing an ill-advised plan for nuclear  capabilities rather than focusing on improving the lives and stability  of the people and their nation.   The people of Iran were hopeful that Iran would see some relief from  the sanctions and would see economic improvement after their government  entered into a deal in 2015 regarding its nuclear program. But because  of widespread corruption and failed economic policies of Iran's  Government, as well as its failure to live up to its commitments to the  international community, Iran's people have only continued to suffer  from poverty, high unemployment, and inflation.   It should be no surprise to the leadership of Iran that its people  are calling for change because of its failure and poor leadership that  have led the people to protest.   Mr. Speaker, I stand with those protesters in Iran who have lost  faith in their increasingly failed government. They deserve a country  that ensures their freedom to express disapproval. They deserve a  government with equality and justice, to improve the lives of Iranians.   Although Iran's Government may, by force, ultimately be successful in  putting an end to these public protests, this dissatisfaction with the  regime will continue. I hope that someday the people of Iran will see  the freedom and the kind of leadership they seek and they deserve.   