 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Montana for his  comments and those of Senator Klobuchar, as well as my distinguished  colleague and friend from Maine.   Normal; maybe ``supernormal'' would be a better term. Every time  Heidi Heitkamp came into our committee room--I had the privilege and  the honor of being the chairman of the sometimes powerful Senate  Agriculture Committee, along with my distinguished ranking member,  Senator Stabenow, whom I will yield to in just a moment. Every time she  came into the committee room, it might be a little bit late, but it was  like a ray of sunshine came in and a ray of commitment.   Heidi, thank you for that speech. Thank you for those marching  orders, if you will. This marine will cease parade rest and come to  attention and do the best I can following your example.   I want to say something to Heidi's staff. I don't know if the Senate  cameras will do this--they obviously have me on there--but it would be  a good idea to pan these young people over there.   Senator Frank Carlson, a long time ago--one of my mentors, my first  boss from Kansas--said there are no self-made men or women in public  office. It is your friends who make you what you are. I relate to that,  saying friends, people, staff. We all think we have the best staff on  the Hill, and if we don't think that, something is wrong. You have had  the privilege of working for a lady who has great admiration from both  sides of the aisle, who has accomplished so much. This time is so  special for you, and thank you for what you have done for Heidi. Thank  you for getting her prepared, ready. You didn't have to do too much  because she does that on her own, but during this special time, see if  you can take this step and then the next step in your life--and it  prepares you for that next step--and shine. Represent Heidi well.  Represent yourself well.   I think you have had a rare privilege to work for somebody like Heidi  Heitkamp. She has been a good friend to me and a good friend to so many  here.   We aren't going to miss you because you are going to be back in some  capacity--maybe taking time off from what you are doing in your home  State of North Dakota. Everybody who knows you knows you are going to  be back in public service in some capacity.   I think I will stop right there and yield to my distinguished  colleague, the ranking member of the Senate Agriculture Committee,  Senator Stabenow.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, very quickly, I want to add to the  remarks of my distinguished ranking member, Senator Stabenow, on the  sometimes powerful Senate Agriculture Committee, and I associate myself  with her remarks.   In a moment or two, we are going to go to the Agriculture Improvement  Act of 2018, for which he had positive contributions. We wouldn't have  been able to pass a bill without bipartisan support, which he stressed  in his last message to the Senate.   Joe, thank you for being a friend, and thank you for being a great  colleague, and thank you for being such a great member of the farmers,  ranchers, and growers in Indiana. You have done a good job. We will  certainly miss you.   Mr. President, I think we have to ask unanimous consent to give an  additional 10 minutes to the distinguished ranking member and me to  make remarks prior to the vote on the farm bill.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague for her remarks and  associate myself with those remarks. I rise today as the Senate  considers the conference report on an issue that is critically  important to our Nation--the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, the  farm bill.   The goal, the responsibility, the absolute requirement is to provide  farmers, ranchers, growers, and everyone within America's agriculture  and food value chain certainty and predictability during these very  difficult times. This conference agreement includes policy improvements  from both the House-passed bill and the Senate bill, which passed this  body with a strong bipartisan vote of 86 to 11. We have worked to  maintain as many priorities for as many Members as possible.   This farm bill meets the needs of producers across all regions and  all crops. It ensures that our voluntary conservation programs are  keeping farmland in operation while protecting our agriculture lands,  our forests, and other natural resources.   The bill focuses on program integrity--program integrity, and  commonsense investments to strengthen our nutrition programs to ensure  the long-term success of those in need of assistance. With trade and  market uncertainty, to say the least, it provides certainty for our  trade promotion and research programs.   Feeding an increasing global population is not simply an agriculture  challenge; it is a national security challenge. This means we need to  grow more, raise more with fewer resources. That will take investments  in research, new technology, lines of credit, and proper risk  management. It takes the government providing tools and then getting  out of the producer's way.   Organizations representing thousands of agriculture, food, nutrition,  hunger, forestry, conservation, rural, business, faith-based, research,  and academic interests have issued statements supporting this  conference report. This is what happens when the Congress works in a  bipartisan, bicameral fashion. This is a good bill. It is a good bill  that accomplishes what we set out to do--again, to provide certainty  and predictability for farmers, families, and rural communities.   We have made tough choices, being judicious with the scarce resources  we have on behalf of the taxpayer. This may not be the best possible  bill. We know that, but it is the best bill possible under these  circumstances. Importantly, it provides our farmers, our ranchers, and  other rural stakeholders much needed certainty and predictability.   I encourage my colleagues to support this conference report. Every  farmer, every rancher, every grower, everyone within our Nation's food  supply is watching to see if we cannot meet our obligations and pass  this bill. Let us do that. Let us tell those farmers and ranchers, who  are going through tough times, that they are going to be good for the  next 5 years. Their lender is paying attention to this bill. Let us  support this bill.   I yield back.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   