 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, thank you very much.   I come to the floor again today to visit a moment about S.J. Res. 57.  It disapproves the CFPB guidance on indirect auto lending. This is a  piece of legislation I introduced, and I appreciate the strong and  valuable assistance I have had from the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr.  Toomey, and certainly the chairman of the Banking Committee, the  Senator from Idaho, and other colleagues.   I want to talk just a moment about process, the use of a CRA, and the  fact that the CFPB utilized what they called guidance as compared to a  rulemaking process.   I want to make certain that my colleagues understand that Agencies  and Departments still would be encouraged to put out guidance to ensure  appropriate compliance with the law. This CRA resolution ought not have  a chilling effect on guidance because guidance is a useful tool. It can  be helpful to those who are being regulated, but it needs to be issued  for traditional purposes--guidelines for complying with Federal law.   One of the CFPB's errors in issuing this guidance in this instance  was that they proceeded down the path of an aggressive enforcement  action in search of market-tipping settlements. If enforcement action  is desired on the part of the agency, then a full rulemaking process  ought to be conducted, and that is what the CFPB did not do. The CFPB  used the guidance as an enforcement weapon instead of guidance in its  more traditional and helpful purpose. It is important that we in  Congress reorient the guidance process back to its intended form by  ensuring that the CFPB cannot replicate its mistakes with regard to  indirect auto lending.   The authors of the Congressional Review Act that we are operating  under on this resolution, Senators Nickles, Reid, and Stevens, in the  Congressional Record of April 1996, said: ``The authors are concerned  that some agencies have attempted to circumvent notice-and-comment  requirements by trying to give legal effect to general statements of  policy, `guidelines,' and agency policy and procedure manuals.''   Even in 1996, my previous colleagues were concerned about what  actually transpired at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  Clearly, the CRA was passed in 1996 with the understanding that agency  guidance had been used inappropriately.   It is important for Congress to reassert its role in policymaking  from the executive branch. All Members of Congress ought to be  committed to conducting oversight over the rest of the Federal  Government. Failure on the part of Congress to hold Federal agencies to  account when they stray from their statutory and congressionally  intended jurisdiction means we will get de facto legislation being  originated in the executive branch. This effort is about making certain  that the form and function of the Federal Government is accountable to  the American people.   Kansans hold me to account for the actions I take in Washington, DC,  on their behalf. In turn, they expect me to hold other components of  their government to account. Congress is the link between the American  people and the Federal Government. I will continue to use the position  that Kansans have entrusted to me to make certain I am representing  their interest in Washington, DC, and can do so only by working with my  Senate colleagues to oversee and correct mistakes made by other  branches of the government. Today, we will do that with the adoption of  S.J. Res. 57.   I yield the floor.   