 Mr. President, the news about climate change certainly  feels daunting. In the United States, we have historic wildfires,  hurricanes, storms, and floods. Severe weather has upended people's  lives, destroyed businesses and homes, and is now costing the economy  tens of billions of dollars every year. Around the world, it can  sometimes seem even bleaker. Cities are running out of water, and  drought has distressed entire regions and pushed people out of their  homes and fueled conflict.   Meanwhile, here in Washington, DC, the Trump administration is  actively undermining our ability to address climate change. At the EPA  in particular, Scott Pruitt is allowing polluters to violate the Clean  Air Act and the Clean Water Act. He plans to eliminate limits on  methane emissions and protections that keep toxic chemicals from  polluting our waterways. He is rolling back the Clean Power Plan and  fuel efficiency standards that keep too much carbon from polluting the  air. He has cut the number of fines for polluters by more than half,  and he has reduced the EPA's staff so that it is down to the same level  that it was in 1984. There are 700 EPA employees, including 200  scientists, who have left since the beginning of the Trump  administration. In other words, this administration is not just  ignoring climate change and its impacts, it is actually throwing fuel  on the fire.   So is there any reason for hope? Let me give you three reasons to  actually be hopeful.   First, the rest of the world is going to move forward with or without  leadership. Every single nation in the world is working to lower its  emissions and meet its commitments as part of the Paris Agreement.  Experts said that even without the United States, the Paris Agreement  can succeed if nations follow through, and there are some promising  signs that this is happening.   In China, experts predicted that coal consumption would peak between  the years 2020 and 2040, but Brookings reported earlier this year that  the country's consumption of coal has already peaked. One-third of  global investments in renewable energy today come from China. In 2018,  they will likely make up half of the entire global market for new solar  installations.   China is not the only one making progress here. The world is in a  race for clean energy. A coalition of 22 countries and the EU is  investing more than $30 billion a year in clean energy research and  development.   That brings us to the second reason to have hope on climate change,  and that is economics. Here in the United States, financial incentives  remain the law regardless of what Scott Pruitt wants the law to be. We  still have the investment tax credit and the production tax credit for  solar and wind, and they are pushing us toward clean energy. Last year,  more than half of the  [[Page S1672]]  new energy generation that came online in the United States was that of  wind and solar--more than coal and natural gas combined.   The fact is that clean energy is now cheaper than dirty energy. In  2009, coal cost $111 per megawatt hour, natural gas $83, wind $135.  Utility-scale solar cost a whopping $359--about 3\1/2\ times the cost  of coal. By 2017--listen to these numbers--it was $102 for coal, $60  for natural gas, $45 for wind, and $50 for utility-scale solar. Now  wind and solar are 20 percent cheaper, on average, and coal is twice as  expensive as clean energy.   Even the fossil fuel industry understands that we are moving toward a  low-carbon economy. That is why their investors are demanding  accountability. Last year, a majority of shareholders forced ExxonMobil  to start reporting on how the fight against climate change will impact  the oil company, which is the largest oil company in the world.  TransCanada canceled its plans to build an oil pipeline that would have  carried 1.1 million barrels of oil a day because of the changing  economic and political calculations.   Third and finally, the United States may not have the President's  leadership on climate change, but when it comes to the Paris Agreement,  corporations, States, and cities have stood up and declared: We are  still in. Thousands of mayors, Governors, CEOs, Tribal leaders, and  average Americans are working to meet our commitment to the Paris  Agreement. Here is one example at the State level. More than half of  the States have clean energy policies in place, and many have capped  emissions. In Hawaii, we will transition to 100 percent clean energy by  the year 2045, and analysts are optimistic that we may reach our goal  sooner than that. These efforts are making a difference. Researchers at  Carnegie Mellon found that the United States can meet our original  commitment to the Paris Agreement regardless of what Rex Tillerson,  Donald Trump, and Scott Pruitt want. Even if the EPA undermines our  effort, we are still on track.    George Washington once said that ``perseverance and spirit have done  wonders in all ages.'' He also said that ``it is infinitely better to  have a few good men than many indifferent ones.'' By these two  measures, there is even hope in Congress. Senator Sheldon Whitehouse  will be remembered in history as the epitome of perseverance and spirit  when it comes to climate change. He understands the moral urgency of  this moment. When we look at the Senators joining him on the floor this  evening, it is clear that we have more than a few good men and women  working on this issue.   We will continue to shine a light on the many ways that this  administration is failing the American people by ignoring climate  change. We will also continue to hope because the absence of leadership  from this President has not stopped the rest of the country or the rest  of the world from acting on climate, and it will not stop us from  moving forward.   I yield the floor.   