 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his good work in  organizing this Special Order this evening.   The tragic opioid epidemic has, unfortunately, become a major part of  our national conversation, and that is what brings us here tonight, to  raise awareness and continue our push for bipartisan solutions.   I am grateful for Chairman Walden's and Chairman Burgess' leadership  and the work of my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee  doing a lot of work to tackle this public health crisis head on.   Too many Americans from all walks of life and from all parts of the  country are facing the terrifying realities of the opioid crisis. It is  a deeply personal and painful issue for many of our friends and loved  ones.   I recently held a number of community forums in my district to  collaborate with local leaders and hear from families whose lives had  been swept up by the opioid epidemic. At one of those events, I joined  with my good friend, a very successful electrical contractor, Mike  Hirst, to speak with students at Jackson High School about the dangers  of drug addiction.   In 2010, Mike's son, Andy, died of a heroin overdose at the age of  24. This tragic loss has led Mike to dedicate himself to sharing the  experience of his son's death and helping educate the community. Mike  started a foundation in honor of his son and called it Andy's Angels,  where he has counseled addicts, supported families, mentored at-risk  youth, and more. People like Mike are making a real difference, and I  am committed to ensuring that the Federal Government is a strong  partner in this fight.   Thanks to this committee's leadership, we took significant strides  last Congress with the 21st Century Cures Act and the Comprehensive  Addiction and Recovery Act, but we need to redouble our efforts.   One example is Jessie's Law, which is a bipartisan bill I introduced  along with my friend and colleague, Congresswoman Debbie Dingell. It is  named after Jessie Grubb, who tragically died of an opioid overdose in  Michigan in 2016.   Jessie was a recovering addict doing very well, who was unknowingly  discharged after a surgery from the hospital with a prescription for  oxycodone that ultimately led to her death. It is a heartbreaking and  entirely preventable story, and it is why we need to pass Jessie's Law  so medical professionals are equipped to safely treat their patients,  prevent overdose tragedies, and ultimately save lives.   I am working with Congresswoman Dingell as well on another bipartisan  bill, the Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act. Our legislation will  help prevent the misuse or diversion of unused medications by equipping  hospice professionals with the legal authority to safely dispose of  unused drugs after a hospice patient's death. Many patients receiving  hospice care need painkillers to help with end-of-life pain, but any  leftover medications can, unfortunately, end up in the wrong hands, and  we need to stop that from happening.   The committee has made addressing the opioid epidemic a top priority,  and these are just two of many legislative solutions that we will hear  tonight. This is an urgent crisis, and I stand ready to continue  working together to advance a bipartisan and comprehensive response,  and I thank the leadership for taking this on. There is not a moment to  waste.   