 Mr. President, I am very grateful to the  distinguished senior Senator from New Jersey for joining me again this  week to bring attention to the challenges that climate change and  rising seas pose for our coastal communities. Our States--New Jersey  and Rhode Island--shared the unforgettable experience of Superstorm  Sandy, which roared ashore on higher tides and warmer oceans. We know,  in New Jersey and Rhode Island, how vulnerable we are.   As sea levels rise and storms intensify, the National Flood Insurance  Program should be one of our government's best tools to educate and  prepare our communities for the changes that carbon pollution is  driving to our coasts. But the program falls well short of this basic  goal. Instead of tackling its shortfalls head-on, ahead of the next big  storm, for instance, we are getting set to punt again on the Flood  Insurance Program.   My Ocean State, much smaller than New Jersey, has 400 miles of  coastline threatened by sea level rise and storm surge flooding, so  telling homeowners and coastal businesses that we will get to it  eventually is not good enough. Our coastal risk is growing, not  shrinking.   A 2017 Zillow chart shows that over 4,800 homes in Rhode Island-- 4,800 families' homes--valued at nearly $3 billion would be under water  by 2100, using an optimistic assessment of only 6 feet of sea level  rise. Rhode Island's Coastal Resources Management Council is now  planning for our State to see up to 9 to 12 feet of sea level rise by  then. New Jersey, of course, has even more at risk with its bigger  shoreline, with over $93 billion worth of property predicted to fall to  rising seas.   This problem does not wait until the year 2100. It hits earlier. It  hits as soon as 30-year mortgages and insurance get hard to come by  because banks and insurers foresee these risks, and that inhibits  buyers, so prices fall--perhaps prices even crash, as Freddie Mac is  predicting.  [[Page S7861]]    Last year, GAO reported that coastal areas face particularly high  financial risks and that annual coastal property losses from sea level  rise and increased storms will run into the billions of dollars every  year in the short run and over $50 billion every year by late century.  GAO pointed to an EPA estimate of $5 trillion in economic costs to  coastal property from climate change through 2100. Our coastal States  can't laugh that off because it makes the oil industry uncomfortable to  talk about climate change.   Investors, creditors, appraisers--everybody who works coastal  markets--is taking notice. Last December, the credit rating agency,  Moody's, adopted indicators ``to assess the exposure and overall  susceptibility of U.S. states to the physical effects of climate  change.'' This is Moody's. Moody's looks particularly at coasts and at  the share of a State's economic activity generated by its coastal  communities. It counts the homes built on flood plains, and it counts  the risk of extreme weather damage as a share of the local economy.   The managing director at Moody's told the Chicago Tribune that  Moody's would be taking these risks into consideration when evaluating  the credit ratings of coastal municipalities and States.   Property appraisers are also starting to incorporate these risks into  their work. The Appraisal Institute's Valuation magazine quoted Rhode  Island appraiser Brad Hevenor's warning that homes that receive a 30- year mortgage today ``might be completely different types of property  [by the end of their mortgage] than they are today.'' He points out, as  Senator Menendez pointed out, that FEMA flood maps are defective,  backward-looking, and often insufficient at accurately predicting risk  for communities and homeowners.   My frustrations with FEMA's flood risk maps are no secret. They are  notoriously inaccurate, incomplete, and outdated. The Agency's modeling  is often based on inaccurate data and on methodology from the 1970s. It  has proven particularly incapable of accurately capturing the different  wave and dune dynamics that determine real flood risk along coasts  during major storms.   The Rhode Island Coastal Resources Management Council, a small State  agency, has had to develop its own models to provide better risk  information to coastal residents and communities than FEMA provides.  The contrast between the State's work and FEMA's maps highlights just  how costly and potentially life-threatening reliance on FEMA's maps can  be.   This map is FEMA's map relative to mean sea level for a 100-year  storm hitting Charlestown, RI. Here is the code as to how much flooding  to expect. The worst flooding for the homes that surround Ninigret  Pond, along Rhode Island's southern coast, looks to be around 14 feet  around this area here.   This map shows the CRMC's prediction for the same area for the same  storm. It projects that homes in this same area may see closer to 20  feet of floodwaters, which means FEMA's map is underestimating flood  risk by 6 feet.   It is not just errors in Rhode Island. Rice University and Texas A&M  found that FEMA flood risk maps captured only about 25 percent of the  actual damage from storms that hit Houston between 1999 and 2009--25  percent. According to the Houston Chronicle, more than half of homes  damaged by Hurricane Harvey were not listed in any flood risk areas,  meaning they were not required to have flood insurance or meet any  flood risk mitigation building codes.   Congress continues to fund these maps on the cheap, leaving Americans  to bear the risk of antiquated models that don't reflect the changes  that climate change is bringing to our coasts. Families are forced to  endure the repeated damage and destruction of their homes, and  taxpayers are made to pay the cost of over and over and over rebuilding  the same building in the same place that is already washed away.   After Hurricane Harvey in 2017, the Flood Insurance Program hit its  $30 billion borrowing limit. We maxed out. So in October of 2017,  Congress had to forgive $16 billion worth of debt to free up money to  pay off claims for Harvey, Irma, and Maria. The program is currently at  least $20 billion in debt, and claims from the 2018 hurricane season  are still being processed. The Congressional Research Service, as of  September 2018, found that the program had only $9.9 billion of  remaining borrowing authority.   It is time to get serious about reforming this broken system and  reform it for a changing climate and for changing coasts--the things we  know are coming at us. The current system often leaves homeowners no  option but to rebuild the same building in the same place on the  flooded property. CRS estimates that only about 2 percent of current  NFIP-related properties are considered repetitive loss or severe  repetitive loss properties--only 2 percent, but that 2 percent accounts  for 16 percent of claims, $9 billion. Over the life of the NFIP, those  repetitive loss or severe repetitive loss properties have totaled  around 30 percent of all claims, about $17 billion.   Insurance should allow homeowners to walk away from flood-torn  structures and go find new, safer homes. Currently, only States or  municipalities can use FEMA to arrange buyouts of flood-prone  properties. FEMA then provides up to 75 percent of funding for the  local government to buy the property at fair market value, and then it  becomes open space. But the buyout process is cumbersome, it is  bureaucratic, it is not in the hands of the homeowners, and it doesn't  get much use. How many mayors and city councils want to buy out and  turn to public use valuable property that is a part of their tax base  and encourage folks, potentially, to leave?   The flood program should work with communities to plan for cost- effective resiliency to flooding, whether it is elevating properties,  moving homes, or retreating from rising seas. Homeowners should have  these options. It is willful blindness to ignore this problem as seas  continue to rise and storms become more unpredictable and ferocious,  and it is even worse when you compound it with false and erroneous  mapping so that the warnings to these families are wrong.   Property owners and communities deserve proper warning about the  flood risks they face, and they deserve alternatives to simply  rebuilding the same building in the same place so that it can be  flooded again and again and again, which the program now forces them to  do.   With so much at risk for American families, it is time to wake up and  put in place a smart and reliable system once and for all.   I yield the floor, with my gratitude to the distinguished senior  Senator from New Jersey in joining me here today.   