 Mr. President, for more than four decades, I have had the  distinct privilege of serving in the United States Senate--what some  have called the world's greatest deliberative body. Speaking on the  Senate floor, debating legislation in committee, corralling the support  of our colleagues on compromise legislation--these are the moments I  will miss. These are memories I will cherish forever.  [[Page S7466]]    To address this body is to experience a singular feeling--a sense  that you are a part of something bigger than yourself, a minor  character in the grand narrative that is America. No matter how often I  come to speak at this lectern, I experience that feeling again and  again.   But today, if I am being honest, I also feel sadness. Indeed, my  heart is heavy because it aches for the times when we actually lived up  to our reputation as the world's greatest deliberative body. It longs  for the days in which Democrats and Republicans would meet on middle  ground rather than retreat to partisan trenches.   Now, some may say I am waxing nostalgic--yearning, as old men often  do, for some golden age that never existed. They would be wrong. The  Senate I have described is not some fairy tale but the reality we once  knew.   Having served as a Senator for nearly 42 years, I can tell you this  particular thing: Things weren't always as they are now. I was here  when this body was at its best. I was here when the regular order was  the norm, when legislation was debated in committee, and when Members  worked constructively with one another for the good of the country. I  was here when we could say without any hint of irony that we were  Members of the world's greatest deliberative body.   Times have changed. Over the last several years, I have witnessed the  subversion of Senate rules, the abandonment of regular order, and the  full-scale deterioration of the judicial confirmation process.  Polarization has ossified. Gridlock is the new norm. And, like the  humidity here, partisanship permeates everything we do.   On both the left and the right, the bar of decency has been set so  low that jumping over it is no longer the objective. ``Limbo'' is the  new name of the game. How low can you go? The answer, it seems, is  always lower.   All the evidence points to an unsettling truth: The Senate as an  institution is in crisis, or at least may be in crisis. The committee  process lies in shambles, regular order is a relic of the past, and  compromise--once the guiding credo of this great institution--is now  synonymous with surrender.    Since I first came to the Senate in 1977, the culture of this place  has shifted fundamentally--and not for the better, in my opinion. Here,  there used to be a level of congeniality and kinship among colleagues  that was hard to find anywhere else. In those days, I counted Democrats  among my very best friends. One moment we would be locking horns on the  Senate floor, and the next we would be breaking bread together over  family dinner.   My unlikely friendship with the late Senator Ted Kennedy embodied the  spirit of goodwill and collegiality that used to live and thrive here.  Teddy and I were a case study in contradictions. He was a dyed-in-the- wool liberal Democrat. I was a resolute Republican. But by choosing  friendship over party loyalty, we were able to pass some of the most  important and significant bipartisan achievements of modern times--from  the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Religious Freedom  Restoration Act to the Ryan White bill and the State Children's Health  Insurance Program. These are very important bills, and we were able to  work together even though we differed widely on politics.   Nine years after Teddy's passing, it is worth asking: Could a  relationship like this even exist in today's Senate? Could two people  with polar-opposite beliefs and from vastly different walks of life  come together as often as Teddy and I did for the good of the country?  Or are we too busy attacking each other to even consider friendship  with the other side?   Many factors contribute to the current dysfunction, but if I were to  identify the root of the crisis, it would be this: the loss of comity  and genuine good feeling among Senate colleagues.   Comity is the cartilage of the Senate, the soft connective tissue  that cushions impact between opposing joints, but in recent years, that  cartilage has been ground to a nub, and I think most of us feel that.  We have actually seen it happen. All movement has become bone-on-bone.   Our ideas grate against each other with increasing frequency and with  nothing to absorb the friction. We hobble to get any bipartisan  legislation to the Senate floor, much less to the President's desk. The  pain is excruciating, and it is felt by the entire Nation.   We must remember that our dysfunction is not confined to the Capitol.  It ripples far beyond these walls--to every State, to every town, and  to every street corner in America. The Senate sets the tone of American  civic life. We don't mirror the political culture as much as we make  it. It is incumbent on us, then, to move the culture in a positive  direction, keeping in mind that everything we do here has a trickle- down effect. If we are divided, then the Nation is divided. If we  abandon civility, then our constituents will follow.   So to mend the Nation, we must first mend the Senate. We must restore  the culture of comity, compromise, and mutual respect that used to  exist here--and still does, in some respects. Both in our personal and  public conduct, we must be the very change we want to see in the  country. We must not be enemies but friends. Though passion may have  strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.   ``The mystic chords of memory will swell when again touched . . . by  the better angels of our nature.'' These are not my words but the words  of President Abraham Lincoln. They come from a heartfelt plea he made  to the American people long ago on the eve of the Civil War. Lincoln's  admonition is just as timely today as it was then. If ever there were a  time in our history to heed the better angels of our nature, I think it  is now.   How can we answer Lincoln's call to our better angels? In the last  year, I have devoted significant time and energy to answering that  question. Today, I wish to put flesh on the bones of Lincoln's appeal.   Our challenge is to rise above the din and divisiveness of today's  politics. It is to tune out the noise and tune into reason. It is to  choose patience over impulse and fact over feeling. It is to reacquaint  ourselves with wisdom by returning to core principles.   Today, allow me to offer a prescription for what ails us politically.  Allow me to share just a few ideas that, when put into practice, could  help us not only fix the Senate but put our Nation back on the right  path.   Heeding our better angels begins with civility. While our politics  have always been contentious, an underlying commitment to civility has  been important and held together the tenuous marriage of right and  left, but the steady disintegration of public discourse has weakened  that marriage, calling into question the very viability of the American  experiment.   As the partisan divide deepens, one thing becomes increasingly clear:  We cannot continue on the current course. Unless we take meaningful  steps to restore civility, the culture wars will push us ever closer to  national divorce.   We would do well to remember that without civility, there is no  civilization. Civility is the indispensable political norm--the  protective law between order and chaos. But, more than once, that wall  has been breached.   Consider recent events: the pipe bomb plot in the midterm election,  the terrorist attack in Charlottesville last year, and the shooting at  the congressional baseball practice before that. These are stark  reminders that hateful rhetoric, if left to ferment, becomes violence.   Restoring civility requires that each of us speak responsibly. That  means the President, that means Congress, and that means everyone  listening today. We live in a media environment that favors outrage  over reason and hyperbole over truth. The loudest voices, not the  wisest ones, now dictate the terms of the public debate. For evidence,  simply turn on the TV, but be sure to turn down the volume.   The media deserves some culpability in creating this environment by  adopting outrage as a business model, but we are complicit when we use  words to provoke rather than to persuade, to divide rather than to  unite. We only make the problem worse when the object of our discourse  becomes to belittle the other side--to own the libs, for example, or to  disparage the deplorables. If you are looking to convert someone to  your side, humiliating them is probably not the best place to start.  Who among us would make friends with the same person who would make him  a fool?  [[Page S7467]]    Put simply, pettiness is not a political strategy. It is the opposite  of persuasion, which should be the ultimate aim of our dialogue. Our  better angels call on us to persuade through gentle reason. They call  on us to inspire and unite rather than to provoke and incite. In short,  they call on us to embrace civility.   In addition to embracing civility, we must rediscover a forgotten  virtue, one that lies at the heart of our Nation's founding--pluralism.  Pluralism is the adhesive that holds together the great American  mosaic. It is the idea that we can actually be united by our  differences, not in spite of them.   In a pluralist society, we can be polar opposites in every respect  yet still associate freely with one another. I can be White,  conservative, and Christian, and my friend can be Black, progressive,  and Muslim. We can be different but united precisely because we are  united by our right to be different. That, in a nutshell, is pluralism.   Pluralism is the alchemy that makes, out of many, one possible. It is  the means by which we have been able to weave together the disparate  threads of a diverse society more successfully than any other nation on  Earth. At the heart of pluralism is the understanding that our country  was built not on a collection of common characteristics but on a common  purpose.   When we approach political problems from a pluralist perspective, we  recognize that the majority of our disagreements are not matters of  good versus evil but good versus good. Pluralism acknowledges that  there is more than one way to achieve the good life, if you will.  Accordingly, it seeks to accommodate different conceptions of the good  rather than pit them against each other.   The adversary of pluralism is zero-sum politics, which we embrace at  our own peril. Zero-sum politics tempts us to view life through an  absolutist prism, one that filters all nuance and recasts everything as  an either-or fallacy. This distorted way of thinking renders every  policy squabble as a Manichaean struggle for the soul of the country.  If the Republican tax bill passes, it will be Armageddon. If a Democrat  takes the White House, it will be the end of America as we know it. It  is funny how these prophecies never come to fruition.   Answering the call to our better angels requires us to reject zero- sum politics in favor of pluralism. It requires us to make room for  nuance and to see our differences not as competing but as  complementary.   Nowhere is the pluralist approach more needed than in the fraught  relationship between religious liberty and LGBTQ rights. As my  colleagues know, I have made religious liberty a priority of my public  service. Of all the hundreds of pieces of legislation I have passed-- and I have passed a lot during my 42 years in the Senate--the one that  I am most pleased with and the one that I hope will most define my  legacy is the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Religious liberty is a  fundamental freedom. It deserves the very highest protection our  country can provide.   At the same time, it is also important to take account of other  interests as well, especially those of our LGBTQ brothers and sisters.  We are in the process now of working out the relationship between  religious liberty and the rights of LGBTQ individuals here in America.  There are some who would treat this issue as a zero-sum game, who would  make the religious community and LGBTQ advocates into adversaries. In  my opinion, this is a mistake.   Pluralism shows us a better way. It shows us that protecting  religious liberty and preserving the rights of LGBTQ individuals are  not mutually exclusive. I believe we can find substantial common ground  on these issues that will enable us to both safeguard the ability of  religious individuals to live their faith and protect LGBTQ individuals  from invidious discrimination. We must honor the rights of both  believers and LGBTQ individuals. We must, in short, find a path forward  that promotes fairness for all. My personal religious beliefs require  that, and I surely want to live up to those beliefs.   In my home State, we were able to strike such a balance with the  historic Utah compromise, a bipartisan anti-discrimination law that  both strengthened religious freedoms and offered special protections to  the LBGTQ community. No doubt we can replicate that same success on a  Federal level. That is why, as one of my final acts as a U.S. Senator,  I challenge my colleagues to find a way to compromise on this crucially  important issue--a compromise that is true to our founding principles  and that is fair to all Americans.   Our better angels invite us to walk the path of civility and to  embrace the principles of pluralism. Above all, they call on us to  strive for unity. Before President Lincoln beckoned us to our better  angels, he warned that a nation divided against itself cannot stand.  That warning is especially relevant in our time. Today, our house is as  divided as at any time since the Civil War.   Each year, red and blue America drifts further apart. As progressives  move to the coasts and conservatives retreat to the interior--to the  center of the country--we are finding that a lot of difficulties have  arisen, and they are not easy to solve. We increasingly sort ourselves  by geography. We also sort ourselves by ideology, with media diets  catered to quiet our cognitive dissonance and confirm our preconceived  notions. It is a sad consequence of the Information Age that Americans  can now live in the same city but inhabit completely different worlds.   Something has to give; the status quo cannot hold. These are, and  should always be, the United States of America. While that name has  always been more aspirational than descriptive, it at least gives us an  ideal to strive for.   To achieve the unity that is our namesake, we must reject the  politics of division, starting with identity politics. Identity  politics is nothing more than dressed-up tribalism. It is the  deliberate and often unnatural segregation of people into categories  for political gain. This practice conditions us to define ourselves and  each other by the groups to which we belong--in other words, the things  that divide us rather than unite us.   When institutionalized, identity politics causes us to lose sight of  our shared values. In time, we come to see each other not as fellow  Americans united by common purpose but as opposing members of  increasingly narrow social subgroups, and thus begins the long descent  into intersectional hell.   Our better angels call on us to resist identity politics by  recommitting ourselves to the American idea, the idea that our  immutable characteristics do not define us. It is the idea that all of  us--regardless of color, class, or creed--are equal and that we can  work together to build a more perfect union. When we heed this call, we  can achieve unity, and ideas--not identity--can resume their rightful  place in our public discourse.   This is the last request I will ever make from this lectern--that as  a Senate and as a nation, we listen to our better angels; that we  recommit ourselves to comity; that we restore civility to the public  discourse; that we embrace wholeheartedly the principles of pluralism;  and that we strive for unity by rejecting the rhetoric of division.   When we heed our better angels--when we harken to the voices of  virtue native to our very nature--we can transcend our tribal instincts  and preserve our democracy for future generations. That we may do so is  my humble prayer.   Before I close, let my parting words be words of gratitude. There are  countless people I personally need to thank, but first and foremost, I  wish to thank the good people of Utah. Without you, I could have  accomplished nothing. The landmark reforms that I have helped to pass  in Congress have always been a joint effort, drafted by me under  constant guidance from people like you. In that sense, the legislative  legacy I leave behind is not mine but ours. That goes for my colleagues  here as well.   Representing the Beehive State has been the privilege of a lifetime.  Thank you for allowing me to do so for 42 years. That is a long time-- the longest service of any Republican.   I likewise wish to thank my family--my dear wife Elaine and our six  children, who have stood by me through thick and thin.   Of course, I wish to thank my congressional colleagues, especially  Leader McConnell and Speaker Ryan, and the countless other public  servants, including my friends on the Democratic  [[Page S7468]]  side, as well, whom I have had the privilege of working with over the  years. These are friendships I will treasure forever.   I also wish to thank my protective detail--the 20-plus men and women  who have worked day and night to keep me safe over the years. These  officers are like family to me.   As all of you know, a Senator is only as good as his staff, which is  why I need to recognize mine today. My Finance Committee staff is  unequaled. Led by Jeff Wrase, it has helped me accomplish things I  never could have accomplished on my own.   In particular, I wish to thank my personal staff--the countless men  and women who have served alongside me over the years. Because of you,  I have been able to pass more bills into law than any legislator alive  today. Thank you. I love you all.   Let me take a moment to recognize them personally. Thanks to my chief  of staff, Matt Sandgren, I am ending this term on a crescendo of  legislative activity, having introduced more bills this Congress than  at any other time during my Senate service. In the last 2 years, we  have also enacted a historic number of bills into law. My staff has not  let up in the final stretch, not one bit. We have been a legislative  powerhouse to the very end, and I have to thank Matt Sandgren for his  efforts in that regard. I have had many chiefs of staff, and I have  loved all of them, but I think I saved, maybe, the best for last.   My Utah staff has also played a critical role in my legislative  success. A huge thank-you goes to Melanie Bowen, Sharon Garn, Annette  Riley, Heather Barney, Sean Firth, Cloe Nixon, Jessa Reed, Ron Dean,  Matt Hurst, Nathan Jackson, Courtney Brinkerhoff, and Emily Wilson.   Here in DC, a huge thank-you goes to Matt Jensen, James Williams,  Matt Whitlock, Corey Messervy, Ruth Montoya, Celeste Gold, Sam Lyman,  Chris Bates, Peter Carey, Brendan Chestnut, Kristin McLintock, Jacob  Olidort, Ally Riding, Dianne Browning, Heather Campbell, Nick Clason,  Jeff Finegan, Will Holloway, Rick James, Bailee Flitton, Abdul Kalumbi,  Monique Laing, Karen LaMontagne, Keri Lyn Michalke, Romel Nicholas,  Lauren Paulos, Jordan Roberts, Margo Robbins, and Samantha Ryals. This  truly is the best staff on Capitol Hill, in my opinion.   Last, and perhaps most importantly, I wish to thank my Father in  Heaven, who has allowed me to serve much longer than my detractors  would have hoped. Each time I walk into this Chamber, I am humbled by  the symbolic significance of it all. I am reminded of a passage of  scripture, one of my favorites: For of him unto whom much is given,  much is required. Truly, God has given me so much. In return, I have  tried to give back as much as I could. I hope He will accept my best  efforts.   Before I get even more sentimental, I note that this is a final floor  speech, not a final goodbye. Three weeks from now, I will no longer  hold office, but I will continue to hold a special place in my heart  for all of you, for all of my colleagues. I look forward to continuing  these special friendships even long after I have left the Senate.   I want to thank everybody in the Senate, all of the staff members,  all of the law enforcement people, all of the people who have provided  us with knowledge and ability. I want God to bless all of you.   May God bless the Senate, and may He bless the United States of  America.   With that, I yield the floor.   (Applause, Senators rising.)   Thank you very much.   