 Mr. President, this week, with my support, the Senate  passed the FIRST STEP Act of 2018. This is a groundbreaking step toward  long overdue criminal justice reform in our country. Too many people  have unnecessarily spent decades behind bars for nonviolent offenses or  because of disproportionately harsh mandatory minimum sentences. When  these individuals are finally released, if ever, they are met with  loads of challenges stemming from the lack of rehabilitative help  available before and after their release.   The FIRST STEP Act begins to address these issues. It allows for less  prison time for nonviolent offenders, reduces harsh mandatory minimums,  works to eliminate some racial disparities in sentencing, provides for  meaningful education and job-training programs for inmates, and raises  the chances that the incarcerated return to society for good. In short,  this legislation is an important and overdue course correction from  laws that, for years, created and amplified serious inequities in our  criminal justice system.   However, the FIRST STEP Act is not perfect. I would like to offer a  few thoughts on a particular component of the legislation. This  legislation requires that the Attorney General develop what is called  an evidence-based risk and needs assessment tool. If all goes right, it  will be a data-driven software program designed to help incarcerated  individuals reintegrate into society upon release. This tool is  intended to take into account a person's ability to earn time off their  sentence, how likely a person is to reoffend, their most effective  treatment plan, access to resources like educational and work programs,  and their housing assignment after release.   I am fully in support of fresh ideas. Ones that can help individuals  reenter society are important and this bill contains a lot of them. But  the fact is, some existing software programs, similar to the one  proposed in this legislation, have been plagued by racial and class  bias. Inherently biased software and algorithms can harm the  vulnerable, especially if they are not deployed and monitored  carefully. Oversight is necessary to ensure the FIRST STEP Act reforms,  once implemented, do not inadvertently establish a new form of the same  old discrimination.   Some safeguards have been put in place to ensure this software is  developed without those biases. That includes establishing specific  transparency requirements and an independent review committee made up  of experts to advise the process. The rest is up to oversight. I am  committed to closely monitoring how these reforms are implemented and  put into practice. Given the broad support this legislation has on both  sides of this body, I am hopeful that Democrats and Republicans alike  will be able to work together to ensure it is implemented the right  way.   