 Mr. President, like so many here today, I rise to honor  John McCain and to sing John McCain's praises.   There are many here--most here--who knew him longer than I did. I  will admit that when the Presiding Officer and I first got here in  2014, I knew John McCain as somebody from the history books. I knew  John McCain as somebody destined for the history books. I knew John  McCain as an American hero, but I didn't know John McCain, the man. I  didn't know John McCain, the flesh and blood, genuinely hilarious guy,  but over the past 48 months, I had the privilege of actually getting to  become friends with John McCain.   It is sort of weird to say, when you are roughly our age--I am 46 and  John McCain was an octogenarian--that he befriended me. I went on many  overnight flights with John McCain. I have been to refugee camps with  John McCain. I have been to war zones with John McCain. I have been  cussed out by John McCain lots of times. He called me a stupid bastard  on a regular basis--and he meant it, affectionately. I am convinced he  didn't use the term ``stupid bastard'' lightly. He reserved it for  those he really cared about.   I have laughed and cried with John McCain. I have wrestled policy  with John McCain. I got to grill hamburgers and serve them to troops in  Afghanistan on the Fourth of July with John McCain.   As we in this body praise John McCain today and for the rest of this  week, as we rightly should, there will be a lot of people talking about  his time in the Hanoi Hilton.   John McCain was in prison to fight for our freedom for more than 5  years. He was in solitary confinement for about 3 years. He was  tortured for years. If you have ever met any of the POWs who were in  the cells around him, almost to a man they credit the fact that they  didn't lose their minds during that time to the fact that John McCain  kept them sane. He kept them stable.   John McCain told me a story one time on one of those overnight  flights--and he has told it to many other people around here--about tap  code, which is sort of akin to Morse code, but new folks in the Army  learn tap code. It is a way to spell out a five-by-five grid: You can  put letters together and make words, make sentences, and make  paragraphs.   John McCain thought it was very important that the men who were in  prison with him would learn to tell each other stories--they would tell  poems they knew from their youth; they would tap out songs they knew  from when they were kids--because if they had a sense of history past,  they would have a sense of hope and history future. John McCain kept  those people sane.   I remember one time hearing him wax on and on about this story, and I  was just in awe of how long it must have taken to persuade these men  that they were going to teach each other songs and poetry from their  youth. I said: How long did it take to do that?   He looked at me like I was just a complete idiot, and he said: What  did I care? What the hell did it matter to me? We had infinite time,  you moron.   He didn't say ``you moron,'' but it was clear: How do you not get  that time was the one thing that just was completely irrelevant when  you are in prison? If something takes too long, that is a virtue, not a  liability.   One of the things we don't tell here and that we need to tell more is  the connection between how he thought about time and why he acted the  way he acted as a Senator. If we want to honor John McCain around here,  one of the most basic things we should do is recognize that the reason  he didn't suffer fools lightly is because he had a concept of time that  was--as a man who had spent 5\1/2\ years in prison, he wanted to redeem  the time. After he was released, he wanted to make sure he spent all of  his time on big things.   His impatience, his volcanic temper flowed directly from the fact  that he  [[Page S6000]]  thought life was too short to waste on small stuff, and if you were  willing to do small stuff, he was going to get up in your grill.    So the fact that John McCain is a hero because of the way he endured  torture on our behalf and the fact that John McCain worked really hard  on big issues and often ran over people rudely in his interactions with  them in the Senate--those things were inextricably linked. If we are  really going to honor John McCain, we have to understand that his  impatience was a huge part of what he saw as his mission--to serve his  fellow Americans.   So how do we honor this man? There is a lot of talk around here right  now about what we should do to honor John McCain, and it is an  important conversation. My understanding is, the two leaders are going  to get together and put together a commission to deliberate over the  next many weeks or months about the proper way to honor John McCain. I  am glad they are doing that.   There is a lot of discussion about renaming a building after him or  renaming a different committee room after him, and some of those  tributes may be the right tributes. I am not meaning to prejudge that  right now. Obviously, there is something just hilarious about the idea  that a Senate office building may be renamed after John McCain because  if you had the ``McCain SOB,'' it is obvious what John McCain would  want you to call that McCain SOB building all the time.   So there are important things to talk about. Yet I want to urge one  bit of caution, which is: We should not think that what John McCain  would want us to do in this time and place is in any way reducible to  marble because just as America is not the sum of her cities, so, too,  the U.S. Senate is not the sum of its buildings. The U.S. Senate is not  the places where we meet.   As John reminded us in his farewell charge, read posthumously  yesterday, America is an idea. America is a cause. America is about  liberty. America is about justice. America is about universal human  dignity. Even though John could often run over you, when you were  having a debate and an argument if you were in his way, probably more  than any person I have ever met John actually believed in universal  human dignity.   The reason he was so big on the global stage is because he stood on a  tradition 230 years long, announcing what America believes: There are  about 7\1/2\ billion people who are created in God's image with  universal dignity, and that applies to everybody everywhere. It isn't  America's job to fix every problem everywhere, but it is certainly part  of America's mission in the world to proclaim that universal human  dignity, and that is what John did. That was a huge part of his  calling.   Unfortunately, we know all too well that when the public looks at  this institution right now, when the public looks to this city, they  don't see a place that looks like its beating heart is to proclaim that  universal American idea, to proclaim that American sense that everybody  is created with infinite worth, and though we know that, we are not  doing that much about it.   In this institution, most of the time we finger-point, we don't  problem-solve, and the public is groaning for us to do better. The last  few years should be blinking red lights for all of us who are  privileged to serve here for a time.    When the American people look at Washington, they rightly think it is  shady for Cabinet members and their spouses to be raising money from  foreign sources.   When the American people look at Washington, they rightly think there  is a whole lot of shady going on and that people's taxes and finances  ought to be disclosed when they are running for an office of public  trust.   When the American people look at Washington, they don't see most  Members of Congress as stewards of the public trust but rather as  hypocrites with taxpayer-funded sexual lawsuit settlements.   When the American people look at Washington, they think it is weird  that the average Member of Congress has an investment portfolio that  grows much faster than the market average, and when people leave jobs  in this institution they often head for ``cush'' jobs on K Street  rather than moving back home, which is where they said they were going  to end up after they ran for office.   We have seen multiple indictments across both the legislative and  executive branches just in recent weeks in this town. Is it any wonder  the American people look at us and wonder if we really care about the  crisis of public trust? Is it any wonder that John McCain was impatient  with the pace of us tackling big problems in this place?   We obviously have a truncated week here, and many of us are headed to  Arizona for a funeral in the next few hours so I will not introduce  anything now, but I want to say that when we get back, and as this  Commission gets kicked off trying to figure out the proper way to honor  John McCain, I plan to make a proposal that we should find a way to  honor John McCain not just in marble. Maybe that is a step that is  important, but if John McCain were here, I submit to you that John  McCain wouldn't be all that concerned about what names and placards and  signs we put up on buildings and meeting rooms.   I think we should find a way to honor John McCain in a way that John  McCain would have seen fit, and that is we ought to pass a piece of  legislation that we wouldn't have passed absent this moment. We ought  to come together, in a bipartisan way, and we ought to do something  that makes both political parties really uncomfortable.   That was one of the things John McCain was great at. This man is gone  and we are surely poorer for it, but we can do something big that is in  line with the spirit of how he wanted to disrupt this place. If we  wanted to make both parties uncomfortable--and John was a guy who loved  to point both barrels at both parties--I think we can find a way to do  that in a way the American people will applaud, and I think that might  be the right way to honor John McCain.   His willingness to take on everybody and all the sacred cows in this  town was why a lot of people hated him, but it is why a lot more people  loved him. I think, if we are going to honor his spirit, we ought to  find a way to do something that is big and disruptive and uncomfortable  for Washington, DC.   