 Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to come down here tonight to  speak about Barbara Bush and the Bush family. As my colleague said, I  represent Midland and Odessa, two communities that are linked to the  Bush legacy through their living in Odessa for a while, then moving to  Midland.   George W. Bush and I were business partners in the oil business for  about 5 years. So while I had limited or no direct contact with his  mom, I got to see the product of her childrearing by working with him  on a daily basis for 5 years.   Mrs. Bush brought to the table that incredibly terrific blend of  being a woman who was strong but compassionate, loved her family,  stunningly protective of her family, yet steel-willed when she needed  to be; didn't suffer fools well when they were doing things that she  didn't like, but did it with grace and dignity in ways that all of us  should try to aspire to do it.   They do leave a legacy in Midland. Midland still considers them their  First Family. We have a museum in Odessa commemorating their home from  when they lived in Odessa. We also have the Bush home in Midland that  has been turned into a museum, and we are working hard to get that  moved over to the Parks and Recreation Department so that it can be  properly maintained and as a good example.   But I don't have a lot to say tonight that has not already been said,  other than the fact that I am honored to be able to say these things  and to just say that all of us should aspire to have the kind of legacy  that Barbara Bush has left. She was a wife, a mother, a grandmother, a  great-grandmother. All of those things she did with incredible  excellence and style.   But she was also her own woman and leaves that legacy as well, of  what strong women can do; what they mean to the strength of a family;  what they mean to a community that she lived in. Whether it was Midland  or Houston or here in Washington, D.C., as First Lady, she did it the  right way every time. And our Nation is better for having had her.   I suspect that Abigail Adams has welcomed her with open arms, as  being the only two women to be the wife of one President and a mother  of another, and that is a pretty select group that Mrs. Bush and  Abigail Adams, both of whom have had great impacts on the legacy of  this country.  [[Page H3699]]    Again, thank you, Barbara Bush, for all that you did. I know her  family grieves, but it is a bittersweet grief, knowing that a life  lived really well for 92 years is something to be very proud of.   