 Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of our committee and  the chairman of our subcommittee for making great points and for  pushing forward this great legislation.   The Members opposed to this legislation were for it before they were  against it, as has been pointed out. But the other thing is the premise  of the argument that is being made in opposition to this bill: that the  United States should somehow give money, just spend the money,  regardless of how poorly the World Bank will deploy this capital,  regardless of whether they are effective or not in accomplishing the  important mission of helping address poverty in some of the poorest  nations in the world.   The specific purpose of this fund is to address poverty, and it has  not done a very good job of doing that. Frankly, they have abused the  funds they have had. So the premise would be that somehow we can just  spend the money and trust that somehow they are going to get better.   Well, thankfully, when we were talking about it in committee and when  we have talked about it on this side of the argument here--and I hope  there is truly broad bipartisanship support for this bill to show to  the American people we do expect a return on our dollars. We expect  results for the money that comes to this body to spend on behalf of the  United States of America.   I think the other premise is that somehow, unless we just send the  money with no strings attached and no expectation of results, then we  are not engaged in the world, that somehow we have withdrawn from the  world and we don't care.   Nothing could be further from the truth. Because we do care, we are  putting terms and conditions on the money. Because we do care about  poverty and the results, we care that the World Bank operates, frankly,  to accomplish its mission.   So while some would look for bigger, bolder reforms and maybe better  use of U.S. tax dollars, we certainly expect some accountability for  those results. This is a very measured objective in this bill, and I  commend our committee for coming to this consensus 60-0 in committee.   Mr. Chairman, I hope for a similar outcome when we call the vote on  the floor of the House.   Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Kildee), the vice ranking member of  the Financial Services Committee.   