 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment  which would help those communities saddled with housing our Nation's  stranded nuclear waste while the Federal Government has failed to meet  its legal obligation to find a permanent repository.   This is something my constituents understand all too well. The former  Zion Nuclear Power Station, located on valuable lakefront property in  Zion, Illinois, has housed more than 2 million pounds of spent nuclear  fuel since the plant's closure in 1998.   This waste, situated on the very shores of Lake Michigan, is both an  extreme environmental hazard and a severe burden to the quality of life  of the residents of Zion--deterring economic investment, depressing  home values, and driving up property taxes to fill the void of local  revenue.   Zion is not alone. Across the country, there are 17 nuclear power  plants at various stages of decommissioning with even more announced  closures slated for years ahead. In these communities, plants are  typically the largest employer in the area; and when they close and  waste is stored on site, it is devastating to the local communities.  [[Page H3908]]    My amendment seeks to help these communities access desperately  needed Federal resources until waste is moved--waste that is, quite  literally, stranded in these communities due to the Federal  Government's inaction. Specifically, my amendment would require the  Secretary of Energy to assemble a task force to work across all Federal  agencies to identify existing resources and funding opportunities that  could assist communities with decommissioning plants where waste is  being stored.   In addition, the task force would work with communities in the  decommissioning process to develop a transition plan to mitigate the  economic damage when a plant closes. Communities like Zion, Illinois,  have been forced to shoulder the burdens of storage with no  compensation in return.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and help our  communities get the Federal help they are owed.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms.  Kaptur), my friend.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  New York (Mrs. Lowey), my friend and a cosponsor of this amendment.    Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, how  much time do I have remaining?  Mr. Chair, how much time  do I have remaining?  Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Illinois for  his hard work on this and his support.   I yield 30 seconds to my colleague from New York (Mr. Tonko).    Mr. Chair, I appreciate all of the support. I  appreciate the work of my colleagues. I urge all of my colleagues to  support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time   