 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Bishop for his thoughtful  [[Page H4749]]  consideration of this legislation and his very apt, clear, and concise  explanation of what it does. I also want to thank our ranking member,  Mr. Grijalva, and thank the bipartisan sponsorship for this legislation  adjusting, expanding, and finishing off this great North Country  National Scenic Trail.   As Chairman Bishop explained, it starts up here at Sakakawea State  Park and then travels all the way through the Boundary Waters Canoe  Area Wilderness, Superior National Forest through Wisconsin, Michigan,  Ohio, New York, and Pennsylvania, all the way up to beautiful Lake  Champlain and will connect with the great Appalachian Trail, which my  family and I have enjoyed hiking on as well in years past.   So I want to now note with gratitude the fact that virtually all--I  am not sure everyone--but most all of the Members, Democrats and  Republicans, whose district this trail goes through are cosponsors on  the legislation. It enjoys wonderfully good bipartisan support.   Mr. Speaker, there are millions of people in this country who really  enjoy hiking and the camaraderie, the exercise, and all the good things  that go along with that. So with this in mind, Chairman Bishop has  already explained the fact that it gets us through this 100 miles of  bog. Hats off to the State and local officials and the private  landowners. All have agreed to do this without any cost to the public  and without any exercise of eminent domain.   Also hats off to the volunteers who enjoy so much of this hiking. I  have actually worked on some of the trails myself. Of course, coming  out of the sawmill and the pallet construction business, why, I feel  pretty good with an ax, a hatchet, and a chain saw, so I have been out  myself and volunteered my services to expand these trails.   So with that in mind, I want to thank my good friend from Vermont  (Mr. Welch) for his work, help, and support in bringing this trail all  the way up to that beautiful Lake Champlain and then connecting it with  the great Appalachian Trail as well.   I think it is important to note that this legislation is not just  about trails. It is about good jobs, and it is about good economic  development. The fact is that there are millions of Americans who are  out here hiking on these trails all the time. They get hungry and they  get thirsty. They want to stop somewhere, have a refreshment, have a  bite to eat, and support all the local restaurants.   Secondly, hiking causes some exertion, which is why it is good  exercise. So they get a little tired along the way, and they want to  stop and spend a night or two in local hotels along the way. Of course,  they also need some additional equipment or repairs or a new pair of  shoes.   The American Hiking Society has determined that, applying the  multiplier effect here, this reaches and results in about $196 billion  a year and supports about 768,000 jobs. I explained here how that  happens.   So along with the good-paying jobs, there is this enormous health  factor. Experts are telling us now that our youth have a nature deficit  in their thinking. In fancy terms it means the kids just don't get out  enough anymore. One study indicated that each day the average kid  spends 7 minutes outdoors and 7 hours in front of a computer or a TV  screen. So we need to get our kids outdoors so they can learn the  values and appreciation of the great outdoors. They are probably not  going to get a chance to spend any time at Walden Pond, but we can get  them out and exercising.   So it is a good bill for economic health; it is a good bill for  business and economic development. I want to again thank the chairman  for his support in his committee for this legislation.   