 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this  continuing resolution package.   While I appreciate this legislation will keep government open, fund  community health centers for 2 years, and fully fund our military while  we continue to work toward a broader budget agreement, I would like to  focus on the various Ways and Means Committee provisions included in  the bill.   This legislation includes numerous Medicare provisions important to  rural health providers and patients, including permanently repealing  therapy caps and extending the floor on geographic payment adjustments  for rural providers and add-ons for rural ambulance providers.   Just as importantly, these health provisions are paid for without  cutting swing bed reimbursements to critical access hospitals,  including the 55 critical access hospitals in Nebraska's Third District  as originally proposed.   I am particularly pleased that two important programs within the  jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Human Resources--which I chair--are  included today. We have much work to do to lift Americans out of  poverty and into prosperity, and each of these bills will play an  important part in this effort.   The Family First Prevention Services Act reforms our child welfare  system to reinforce the importance of keeping children with their  families whenever possible. We know children who stay with their  families have better long-term outcomes than those who move to  nonfamily settings, and our goal for every program in this space to  demonstrate results through empirical evidence.   I want to thank the sponsor of Family First, Mr. Buchanan, for  working with me to address my concerns about nurse staffing  requirements which would have been costly to implement for entities  like Omaha-based Boys Town, while providing no tangible improvements to  their family driven model of care.  [[Page H892]]    The other H.R. item in this package, the supporting Social Impact  Partnerships to Pay for Results Act, also moves our family support  programs to a more results-driven model by incentivizing States and  local governments to pilot new ideas and reserving Federal funding  until they demonstrate outcomes through rigorous data-driven  evaluation. We still have more work to do in this space, starting with  completing the work begun by this Chamber last September when we passed  a paid-for 5-year MIECHV reauthorization.   But like the rest of this legislation, these provisions are a  downpayment on the work we are committed to completing.   The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the  time, and I certainly urge passage of this bill.   