 Madam President, I rise today to discuss two important  issues: keeping our government running and protecting an important tool  in the fight against the opioid epidemic. I know how strong the  Presiding Officer is on that as well.   Today we face a deadline to fund the government. It is the most basic  duty of Congress to keep our government running.   I was elected by the people of Indiana to work every day on behalf of  Hoosiers to do my job as a U.S. Senator. Keeping the government running  is our job, and I will vote to keep the government open.   I hope that Republicans and Democrats will join together to reach an  agreement that avoids a shutdown. We still have that opportunity to  prevent a shutdown. I stand ready to work with anyone.   I share the frustration of many Hoosiers and Americans. We have been  down this road before, but Congress does not need to follow that path  again.   As a potential shutdown looms, the President's opioid public health  emergency declaration is on the verge of expiring. According to reports  today, the administration is planning to cut the Office of National  Drug Control Policy by 95 percent. Let me say that again. The  President's opioid public health emergency declaration is on the verge  of expiring, and according to reports today, the administration is  planning to cut the Office of National Drug Control Policy by 95  percent.   ONDCP coordinates Federal efforts to combat opioid abuse and heroin  use, as well as drug trafficking in Indiana and across the country. In  addition, ONDCP administers the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area  Program, or HIDTA, which supports and enhances cooperation between  Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies to combat drug  trafficking. It is a program that effectively brings together critical  law enforcement partners in Indiana, and the reported cuts to ONDCP  could upend the good progress that is being made.   As we work to confront the opioid crisis, we should be investing in  critical tools for Hoosier law enforcement and communities to combat  drug abuse and trafficking. This is a crisis. It is not a time for the  Federal Government to take critical tools for Hoosiers communities off  the table. We should be doubling down on effective efforts. We must  confront the opioid epidemic with all possible tools available and  everyone working together to address this public health emergency.   I yield back.   