 Mr. President, one of the most fundamental protections of  our Constitution is that the government cannot imprison or punish  people without due process or without being charged with a crime and a  fair trial. Several years ago, Congress tried to undermine those most  basic protections by saying the government could hold someone forever  without so much as charging them with a crime under the powers granted  to pursue Osama bin Laden in 2001.   The Lee amendment seeks to restore those fundamental protections for  U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents who are captured inside  the United States. That is an important step forward, and I will vote  for it. However, the Lee amendment still stops short of the protections  guaranteed in our Bill of Rights.   The Fifth Amendment to our Constitution says that no person shall be  deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. The  Sixth Amendment says the accused has a right to a speedy and fair  trial. Neither of those is limited to just citizens and permanent  residents. My amendment 2795 would restore these protections for all  persons captured in the United States.   By restoring these protections, no terrorist suspect would be freed.  The government would simply have to charge someone they believe to be a  terrorist with a crime and put them on trial. I have no sympathy for  terrorists and want to see them punished and locked away so they can  cause no harm. I merely want the government to follow our most sacred  charter, our Constitution, to do it just as we have for more than 225  years.    Reserving the right to object, the right to trial by jury  is a most precious and ancient right. A few minutes ago on the Senate  floor, 68 Senators voted to give a vote on the Senate floor on whether  anyone captured and accused of a crime would get a trial by jury. It is  in the Bill of Rights. Over two-thirds of the Senate voted for it-- enough to pass a constitutional amendment. We voted for it, and one  person is denying a vote on this.   The senior Senator from South Carolina does not believe the Bill of  Rights applies to people accused of a crime. Think about that. This is  not about me. This is about one Senator from South Carolina who so much  objects to the Bill of Rights that he doesn't want it to apply to  people accused of a crime.   So, yes, I do most strenuously object.   