 Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative Collins for  success on this very important issue. Oftentimes people ask what is  required of us, and it is to do justice and love mercy, and that is  exactly what the First Step Act does.   Is it a perfect bill? No, it is not. Is it a first step? Yes, and it  is a good first step. For too long, we have been passing the law of  diminishing returns on our criminal justice system. Every dollar that  we spend on incarceration actually makes our neighborhoods and our  communities less safe.   So does this bill address the strained relationships between police  and the communities that they serve? Yes. Does it address the  criminalization of poverty? No, and it leaves many unjust sentences in  place.   However, there is no doubt in my mind that this bill is a positive  step in the right direction. It expands safety valve provisions that  allow judges to block unfair sentences. It rolls back stacking rules  that allow defendants to be charged with multiple crimes for a single  incident. It prohibits the shackling of pregnant prisoners.   It would also provide $75 million per year for programming to help  prisoners prepare for life after incarceration, and it will also allow  early release to some prisoners who participate. More than 4,000  prisoners will be eligible for release under this program.   This bill also includes an amendment I introduced in the Judiciary  Committee that will ensure that the prison reform provisions of the  bill would apply retroactively to all prisoners sentenced after 1987.  But what it does is it restores many of our family units and corrects  the overcorrection we made during the crack epidemic in the early  nineties.   And, also, what it does is send a message to the country that we  realized our mistake in how we handled crack cocaine and substance  abuse. And now we see the opioid epidemic, and we are adjusting our  approach to that: more loving, more substance abuse, more of a mental  health crisis when we talk about it, and we are going to go back and do  the same for the cocaine and crack addiction.   So with that, let me thank all of the parties involved: Congressmen  Jeffries, Collins, Goodlatte, Ranking Member Nadler, Sheila Jackson  Lee, and other committee members for bringing this legislation to the  floor.    Mr. Speaker, let me thank my colleague, Mr. Clay from  St. Louis, and my colleague from Michigan. I understand the difficulty  in saying very loud the ``New Orleans  [[Page H10416]]  Saints,'' but I just want to also thank Senator Bill Cassidy, and  Senator Patty Murray for authoring this bill and working so hard to get  it across the finish line. I would also like to thank Representative  Cathy McMorris Rodgers and Representative  Steve Scalise for working  with me in the House.   The Congressional Gold Medal is a special award, and today we are  coming together to support giving it to a special person. This is an  award for people who dedicate themselves to causes bigger than  themselves and for those who work tirelessly to help the lives of  others. Both of those describe the son of Who Dat Nation, Steve  Gleason.   Steve, after being diagnosed with ALS, came together with his team to  form Team Gleason, and he declared then that there would be no white  flags in dealing with ALS. Steve is a selfless individual who has used  his life to raise awareness of ALS and who has been instrumental in  developing technology in order to combat this disease.   He has done so much that has tangibly improved people's lives now and  will continue to do so for years to come. That is why I am proud to  introduce this bill in the House and to be standing here today  concurring in the Senate bill to honor Steve's contributions to  society.   Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to support giving the  Congressional Gold Medal to our son of Who Dat Nation, Steve Gleason.   