 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member McGovern and  Representative Khanna for all they have done to help lead the efforts  to end the United States' unauthorized war in Yemen.   Congress' sole responsibility over offensive use of force is outlined  in Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: ``Congress shall have  power to . . . declare war.'' James Madison argued that this power ``is  fully and exclusively vested in the legislature.'' Yet, today, House  Republicans are attempting to avoid their responsibilities by sneaking  unrelated language into this rule which will prohibit consideration of  a War Powers Resolution pertaining to the U.S.-Saudi war in Yemen.   To be clear, they took a bill about removing gray wolves from the  endangered species list in North America and included a provision  prohibiting even just the discussion of war in Yemen.   Now, there are rare Arabian wolves native to Yemen--about 1,000 to  2,000--roaming in the Middle East. Canis lupus arabs is a subspecies of  gray wolf. But this is a wolf in sheep's clothing. This is the  deprivileging of H. Con. Res. 138, which is just another abdication of  our responsibilities as Members of Congress.   We are literally elected to make decisions about war and peace, and  we are failing to do the most basic function of our job: to uphold the  Constitution. We should at least have the courage to make the decisions  about war and about conflicts in which we are entangling our  constituents who serve in the military.   Today, as Mr. McGovern said, Yemen is the worst humanitarian crisis  on the planet, with the U.N. saying that 14 million people--half the  population of Yemen--are either experiencing full-blown famine at the  risk of death by starvation as soon as the end of the year.   Since 2015, U.S. forces have been backing the Saudi war by assisting  in targeting, logistical support, and refueling deadly Saudi airstrikes  in a war that has nothing to do with fighting al-Qaida.    Mr. Speaker, by reasserting Congress' authority over war,  we can end active U.S. participation in a Saudi-led conflict in which  the Saudis are imposing a blockade to literally starve millions of  Yemenis to death. If the U.S. ends its involvement, Saudi leader  Mohammed bin Salman will be forced to the negotiating table to end his  brutal bombing campaign and blockade on food.   Even the Senate isn't afraid to take this up. In March, under Leader  Mitch McConnell, the Senate debated and voted on the unconstitutional  war in Yemen: 44 Senators voted for the measure. A bipartisan group led  that.   Unfortunately, rather than upholding our founding values, the  leadership in this House has chosen to quietly insert a measure to  block the House from debating the war.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this cynical tactic.  Whether you agree or not about ending the illegal U.S.-Saudi war, vote  against this rule so you can allow us to do our jobs and vote to do  what we swore to uphold: our sole authority to debate and vote on war.   