 Mr. Speaker, as prime author of the landmark  Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (TVPA), it is an honor to  present the new Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and  Protection Reauthorization Act.   This bipartisan bill--and I thank Karen Bass for her cosponsorship  and strong support--is a comprehensive, reauthorization and expansion  of key elements of the TVPA and related policies.   In the fight to end modern day slavery, my new bill honors the  extraordinary legacy of one of the greatest Americans who ever lived.   Born a slave in 1818--we celebrated the 200th anniversary of his  birth this year--Frederick Douglass escaped slavery when he was 20 and  dedicated his entire life to abolishing slavery and after emancipation,  to ending Jim Crow laws, all the while struggling for full equality. A  gifted orator, author, editor, statesman (and Republican), he died in  1895.   The Frederick Douglass bill before us today authorizes over $430  million over 4 years to prevent human trafficking, protect victims, and  beef up prosecution of those involved in this nefarious trade both at  home and abroad. It provides:    $18 million over three years to the Departments of Homeland  Security, Justice, and State to fund the International Megan's Law    $78 million over four years to the Department of Health and Human  Services    $20 million over four years to the Department of Labor    $315 million over four years to the Department of State   Additional funding to train airport personnel, flight attendants, and  pilots to recognize and report to law enforcement potential trafficking  victims in transit   Specifically, the new bill significantly expands our efforts to  combat trafficking by:   Ensuring vulnerable children, throughout the United States, are  educated to avoid traffickers;   Encouraging job training for trafficking survivors, especially those  who were exploited in sex trafficking as children;   Preferring in government travel contracts airlines and hotels that  have in place anti-trafficking training and reporting policies for  their employees;   Keeping goods made by child trafficking victims out of the United  States by ensuring funding for and enhancing Department of Labor  reports on slave-made goods;   Encouraging enforcement of the Tariff Act of 1930's prohibition on  the importation of goods made with forced labor;   Helping survivors get back on their feet by treating civil damages  they win from their traffickers the same as criminal restitution;   Designating one prosecutor in each of the Department of Justice's  focus districts to investigate and prosecute labor trafficking cases;   Preventing abuse of domestic servants in embassies and diplomatic  homes in the United States;   Encouraging credible and effective use of the trafficking tier  ranking system by the U.S. Department of State in the annual  Trafficking in Persons Report; and   Strengthening implementation of all U.S. laws and regulations in  place to prevent U.S. government purchases from putting money in the  hands of traffickers and encouraging accountability for U.S. government  contractors involved in human trafficking;   Empowering trafficking survivors to be more involved in the  development of human trafficking policy; and   Integrating the fight against human trafficking into U.S. foreign  assistance more fully.   