 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise to speak to the integrity of the  character and the career of Andy Oldham, the President's nominee to be  a circuit judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.   Andy represents the best of what Texas's legal community has to offer  to our Federal courts. Andy Oldham was born to high school sweethearts.  His parents, like his grandparents before them, knew struggles and knew  hard work.   Andy's father was raised in a trailer with four other siblings, and  Andy's grandfather spent years away from his family, first fighting in  World War II and then in Korea. His mother was raised by her divorced  mother, and Andy's mother helped manage the household starting at age  8.   Growing up in these humble beginnings taught both of Andy's parents  the value of hard work. His father drove a cement truck and cleaned  deep fryers in restaurants to pay his way through college. His mother  was one of  [[Page S5042]]  the first women to attend the University of Virginia. Together, both  enrolled in the Medical College of Virginia, where his father became a  doctor and his mother became a dentist.   Andy's parents had enormous student debts to pay, and so Andy learned  what it was like to grow up with little as well, but he likewise  learned the value of an education from his parents.   Andy went to the University of Virginia on a full academic  scholarship, graduating with a perfect 4.0 GPA and at the top of his  class. He then became a Truman Scholar and went on to attend Harvard  Law School.   Andy graduated from Harvard Law magna cum laude and clerked for Judge  David Sentelle on the DC Circuit, one of the most respected Federal  appellate judges in the country, and then clerked for Justice Samuel  Alito on the Supreme Court of the United States.   He then worked as an attorney advisor for 2 years in the Office of  Legal Counsel in the U.S. Department of Justice under the George W.  Bush administration.   Andy then went into private practice at Kellogg Hansen here in  Washington, DC. From there, Andy went to the Texas solicitor general's  office to serve as the deputy solicitor general of Texas. I can state  that office is usually a pretty tight ship.   After that, he joined Governor Abbott to serve as his legal counsel.  He is now the general counsel for the Governor and has spent all but 3  years of his career in public service.   If I may say, it shows a depth of character and a devotion to his  country that Andy would stay in public service for so long, so  dutifully, while forgoing the great rewards that come with private  practice. He is devoted to the practice of law, and over the years,  Andy has displayed a keen understanding of the Constitution and how it  applies and guides us to this very day.   I am confident Andy will not substitute his own policy preferences,  his own opinions for the rule of law, but he will instead serve the  people of Texas and the American people by respecting the law as  written--as written in the Constitution and as written in Federal law-- passed by this Congress and signed by the President. Our courts and our  country are well-served by judges with this dedication, wisdom, and  forbearance.   In his career, Andy has argued across the country in State and  Federal courts. He has appeared and argued numerous times before the  Fifth Circuit, and he has argued twice before the U.S. Supreme Court.   He has earned widespread praise from both Democrats and Republicans,  and he was recommended to the Judiciary Committee by esteemed legal  voices from both the left and right. Andy is respected across the  political spectrum. I know my colleagues in the Senate will return the  same respect when they vote today to confirm Andy Oldham as a circuit  judge of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.   Andy will be the fifth judge we have confirmed for the Fifth Circuit,  one of the finest courts in the country--a court I have been privileged  to argue before many times. Andy will be the third Texan and fifth  circuit judge in the last year and a half, and that, I think, is one of  the greatest legacies of President Trump and this Republican Senate;  namely, the confirmation of principled constitutionalists to the  Federal court; judges who will be faithful to the Constitution and Bill  of Rights, who will stand steadfastly to protect our fundamental  liberties, to protect free speech and religious liberty, to protect the  Second Amendment, the right to keep and bear arms, to protect the Tenth  Amendment, the fundamental liberties of the people against ever- expanding Federal power.   This is a legacy that was front and center as to why the American  people elected this majority, and it is a legacy that will benefit  Texans and Americans for generations to come.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I rise in support of the brave men and women  of our Immigration Customs Enforcement agency. These are law  enforcement officers who risk their lives every day to keep this  country safe.   Rising in support of law enforcement used to be a bipartisan issue.  It used to be an issue that brought us together, that unified us.  Sadly, as we have seen in the preceding minutes, that is no longer the  case.   I rise today to urge my Democratic colleagues to say no to the  reckless and radical voices within their party that are pulling their  party so far out of the mainstream and so far out of touch with the  American people that it is barely recognizable. For a long time, when  Democrats were debating immigration issues, they used to say ``Well, of  course, we support enforcing the laws,'' almost as an obligatory  throwaway. Instead, we are here today, debating the abolishing of the  Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency, the exact antithesis of  where most congressional Democrats claimed they were. All of this  started because a few weeks ago, a longtime Democratic incumbent, a  Member of the House, found himself beaten in a primary in New York  State by an avowed socialist. As a result, many of my colleagues on the  Democratic side of the aisle are suddenly terrified of their left  flank. Because her campaign focused on abolishing ICE--abolishing the  Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency, more incumbent Democrats  have said that they, too, are open to abolishing ICE.   I call on this body to pull back from the abyss. On immigration there  are areas of good-faith disagreement that this body has debated and  will continue to debate. I have long characterized my views on  immigration as being able to be summed up in four words: legal, good;  illegal, bad. I think the vast majority of Texans and the vast majority  of Americans agree with that. There  [[Page S5047]]  are a host of immigration policies that ought to be commonsense  bipartisan policies.   The Presiding Officer has shown great leadership in fighting against  sanctuary cities, fighting against jurisdictions that defy Federal  immigration law and that release violent criminals without being  willing to turn them over to immigration officials. Those violent  criminals, in turn, go on far too often to commit even more violent  crimes.   I am the author of Kate's Law, a commonsense proposal which says that  aggravated felons who repeatedly enter the country illegally should  face a mandatory minimum prison sentence. It was named for Kate  Steinle, a beautiful young woman, 28 years old, murdered on a  California pier by an illegal immigrant who had been deported over and  over and over again and had been in and out of jail over and over and  over again and had multiple felony convictions. Yet, because San  Francisco is a sanctuary city, they released him yet again, and he  committed murder.   Kate Steinle would be alive if we could come together on Kate's Law,  if we could come together on ending sanctuary cities. Yet it turns out  that in today's hyperpolarized world, even that is not extreme enough  for the modern Democratic Party. Multiple leaders of their party are  advocating abolishing the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency.   What does ICE do? ICE men and women--I have met with a great many of  them in my home State of Texas. I have met with a great many Border  Patrol agents. I have joined them on their midnight muster. I have gone  out on patrol with them as they risk their lives securing our border  and risk their lives keeping us safe in the interior.   Criminal aliens arrested by ICE in fiscal year 2017 were responsible  for more than 76,000 dangerous drug offenses; yet many Democrats are  saying: Abolish their role. They were responsible for over 48,000  assault offenses. They were responsible for over 11,000 weapons  offenses. They were responsible for over 5,000 sexual assault offenses.  They were responsible for over 2,000 kidnapping offenses, and they were  responsible for over 1,800 homicide offenses.   Yet the approach of the modern Democratic Party is not to find a  reasonable, commonsense common ground. It is, instead, to say: Abolish  the agency that has arrested criminals responsible for over 1,800  murders.   When it comes to drugs--the volume they are dealing with in fighting  the narcotics traffickers--ICE in fiscal year 2017 seized more than  980,000 pounds of narcotics. ICE seized approximately 2,370 pounds of  fentanyl, approximately 6,967 pounds of heroin. Yet, today, too many  elected Democrats are afraid that they, too, might face a socialist  primary and that their far left is so angry, hates President Trump so  much, that their position is not that we should enforce the immigration  laws; their position is not that they will stand with law enforcement.  Their position has become to abolish the Immigration and Customs  Enforcement agency, the agency charged with enforcing our immigration  laws.   This is not a reasonable position and a public policy debate upon  which reasonable minds might differ. There are many of those in the  immigration world. This is not one of them. This is a radical and  reckless position.   Yet, this resolution--by the way, this resolution says not a word  about the issue of family separation. We have heard some of the  speeches from my Democratic colleagues focused on family separation. I  can state that every Member of this body, Democrat and Republican,  agrees that families should not be separated.   Indeed, I have introduced legislation to prohibit family separation,  to ensure that children stay with their parents--the best place for a  kid is with his or her mom or dad--but to do so in a way that also  respects the rule of law, that doesn't return to the failed policy of  catch-and-release that only encourages more and more illegal  immigration, that only puts more and more children--little boys and  girls--in a position of being physically and sexually assaulted by  human traffickers.   No one who cares about humanity, no one who cares about compassion  should want to incentivize putting little children in the control of  global, transnational drug cartels and human traffickers.   For the past several weeks, I have been negotiating with Democratic  Members of this body, trying to see if we could reach common ground to  unite and say that we will not separate families, but at the same time,  we will respect the rule of law and not return to catch-and-release in  a way that incentivizes illegal immigration.   We will find out if any Democrats are willing to find common ground.  All 100 could join together on ending family release and ending it  today, but too many on the Democratic side want to condition ending  family release on essentially mandating the release of every illegal  alien in custody--those apprehended with children, mandating their  release. That is not a reasonable position. That is not a position the  American people support, and, critically, this resolution before the  Senate says not a word about it.   This resolution does not address that question. Instead, this  resolution says that those ICE agents--the ICE agents who right now may  be kicking down the door on a meth house and facing violent drug lords,  firing weapons at them, risking their lives to keep us safe--we stand  with those law enforcement agencies, even if we may disagree on the  parameters of illegal immigration.   I am one who believes we should welcome and embrace legal  immigrants--those who follow the rules and wait in line like my father  in 1957, when he came as an immigrant from Cuba seeking freedom. Those  are debates we can have.   We ought to be coming together in the spirit of bipartisan agreement  to stand with law enforcement. I call upon the responsible members of  the Democratic Party--and, surely, there must be some left. Surely, in  the Democratic Party, there are some voices that are willing to stand  up to the reckless and radical left and say: No, we should not abolish  the agency charged with enforcing our immigration laws, charged with  protecting us from vicious and violent criminals.   The fact that Senate Democrats are today objecting to this resolution  shows just how captive they are to the fury that rages against  President Trump.   Everyone in this Chamber has, at one time or another, had something  the President has said or done that we all disagreed with. That is part  of the political process, but the rage and fury on the far left is a  qualitatively different matter. It is a rage that is demanding  Democrats to go after, to undercut, to attack law enforcement agents  who keep us safe. That is a mistake. It is a disservice to this  institution. It is a disservice to the legacy of many distinguished  Senators and a disservice to the American people and the Constitution  that we are sworn to protect.   I urge this body to pass this commonsense resolution, standing with  law enforcement, enforcing our borders, and stopping violent criminals,  murderers, kidnappers, and rapists that ICE arrests every year.  Abolishing law enforcement puts all of us at peril. I call upon my  Democratic colleagues to reject that radical and reckless position.   I yield the floor.   