 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5773, which  includes a bill I introduced called the Strengthening Partnerships to  Prevent Opioid Abuse Act.   My home state of Ohio has been at the center of the opioid epidemic  for years. Too many Ohio families have had their lives shattered by  this crisis. The most recent statistics show that nearly 5,200 people  died from an opioid overdose in 2017. In my district, multiple counties  have seen sharp increases in overdoses and their largest number of  annual deaths ever. While Ohio is only the 7th largest state by  population, it ranks second in opioid deaths per-capita.   Unlike other drug epidemics, the opioid epidemic is well-known for  its prevalence among older populations. This should be no surprise. In  fact, one out of every three Medicare beneficiaries is prescribed  opioids each year, and 500,000 beneficiaries were prescribed amounts  that are considered dangerous according to the CDC. I find it deeply  troubling that a program meant to help seniors with their medications  may be an avenue to addiction for some.   My bipartisan bill would create an online information-sharing system  through which the Medicare program can partner with Medicare Advantage  and Part D drug plans to identify cases in which seniors are being  overprescribed and providers are engaging in fraud, waste, and abuse.  Currently, neither of these parties knows exactly what the others are  doing, which hampers each's ability to adequately address the opioid  epidemic and issues related to overprescribing and drug diversion.   By strengthening the partnerships between these actors and requiring  information from plan sponsors on the actions they take against  providers who are overprescribing or engaging in fraud and abuse, we  will be better poised to prevent addiction among America's seniors.   On behalf of the more than 7,000 Ohioans who have died of  prescription opioid overdoses since 2006, and the hundreds of thousands  of Medicare beneficiaries being overprescribed today, I encourage my  colleagues to support H.R. 5773 and help us combat this devastating  epidemic.   