 Mr. President, I want to thank Chairman Crapo and my  good friend from Kansas, whose statement is so similar to mine in many  ways.   In rural Indiana--you talked about relationship banking. That is, in  many ways, the heartbeat of a community. Our small businesses, our  farms that are handed down from generation to generation--you find the  grandsons of our farmers dealing with the grandsons of the person who  developed the bank. It is a privilege to be part of this.   I thank the chairman of the Banking Committee, Senator Crapo, for  leading this debate and for his good-faith efforts to make this a  bipartisan process.   As we debate the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer  Protection Act, the Senate is on the verge of doing something  significant. We are breaking through the gridlock on a bipartisan  legislative package to reduce unnecessary regulatory burdens on Main  Street banks and credit unions, while also expanding protections for  consumers, servicemembers, and veterans.   This is an example of what we can achieve when we work together. I am  proud to have worked closely with my friend the chairman, Senator  Crapo, among others, to craft this bipartisan legislation that, as my  friend Senator Tester mentioned--13 Republicans, 12 Democrats, 1  Independent.   I have worked on this issue since I came to the Senate in 2013. This  bill is  [[Page S1359]]  the result of dozens of meetings, Banking Committee hearings, and a  7\1/2\-hour committee markup, where more than 100 amendments from both  sides were filed, and 36 were considered and voted on. This bill is  carefully written and narrowly tailored.   This commonsense legislation is intended to help Main Street  community banks and local credit unions to focus more on traditional  banking--our small businesses, our farms, our families--while  maintaining the safety and soundness of our financial system.   In rural areas and in many towns across my beloved home State of  Indiana, Main Street community banks and credit unions are the  institutions that Hoosiers turn to--whether it is a family seeking a  mortgage for their first home to make their dreams come true or an  entrepreneur with a dream who is looking to start a small business,  create more jobs, and make his or her community grow.   Unfortunately, the 103 community banks and 154 credit unions in  Indiana have been unintentionally burdened by rules and regulations  that were intended to hold Wall Street accountable, to make sure they  would never damage our economy again. Since 2008, the number of small  business loans is down 41 percent nationally. That is according to our  Federal banking regulators.   This package includes a number of important new consumer protections  as well, including for servicemembers, as I mentioned, for veterans,  seniors, and tenants.   One provision is based on my bipartisan Protecting Veterans Credit  Act. It ensures that veterans are not wrongly penalized when the  Department of Veterans Affairs is late in paying a vet's medical bills.   In response to Equifax's massive data breach and other data breaches,  for the first time, every American--let me repeat that--every American  would be able to freeze and unfreeze their credit free of charge and  set year-long fraud alerts.   This bill also provides free credit monitoring for all Active-Duty  servicemembers.   This makes a big difference. It helps folks like Cpl Logan Hartz, a  Hoosier, who serves proudly in the U.S. Marine Corps. He was training  at Camp Lejeune when he learned his personal information may have been  compromised by Equifax. He said it was really stressful to try to  figure out what to do and challenging to get his credit frozen.  Corporal Hartz says the free credit monitoring in this bill would  provide peace of mind to servicemembers like him whose first focus is  on protecting our country.   I also want to highlight another provision I authored on manufactured  housing, which serves as a vital source of affordable housing not only  in Indiana but across our country, particularly in rural and  underserved communities. This effort provides a narrow exemption to  allow consumers to receive general financing information from a  manufacturer, while creating new disclosures to prevent conflicts of  interest and prohibiting retailers from directly advising consumers on  financial transactions.   This legislation has broad bipartisan support, it maintains strong  financial oversight, and it adds new consumer protections. It is  reasonable, it is balanced, and it is the result of very thoughtful  negotiation and hard work. I am very hopeful it will pass the Senate  soon.   Again, I thank our chairman, Senator Crapo, for his bipartisan work,  for his willingness to be flexible, to stay with it when it looked so  difficult to get done. As a result, there are families who are going to  be in homes for the first time from loans they were able to get from a  banker who knew them in town, who, when every computer program showed  something different, they knew the family was worth investing in. That  is what this bill is going to do.   I very much thank the chairman.   