 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this rule and the  underlying legislation, H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act, which would  implement an innovative new approach to millions of men and women  recovering from substance abuse by creating a demonstration program  that provides transitional housing assistance using Section 8 housing  choice vouchers.   Mr. Speaker, substance abuse is one of the most ubiquitous illnesses  that faces our society today. Each and every one of us, in one way or  another, has been affected by the destructive force of addiction. We  have heard stories and witnessed firsthand the pain and anguish  substance abuse causes our loved ones and our communities.   I am proud of the work the people's House is doing to address the  nationwide epidemic of opioid abuse, and I am grateful to Congressman  Barr for his contribution to this important mission.   While many of the bills we are considering this week are geared  toward the specific issue of opioid abuse, it is important to note that  H.R. 5735 would establish a demonstration program to serve individuals  afflicted by all types and forms of drug and alcohol abuse.   The demonstration program will provide participants with a drug- and  alcohol-free supportive and structured living environment. This allows  recipients to address their addiction, mental health, homelessness, or  other issues in a compassionate living space that includes vital  services like recovery classes, life skills education classes,  mandatory savings plans, and full-time or part-time employment  programs.   This legislation recognizes that safe, clean, and stable housing is a  necessary asset for those seeking a future free of substance abuse. At  the same time, this bill reserves vouchers for low and extremely low- income individuals who have demonstrated a willingness to make this  difficult choice to get better.   With these safeguards, we ensure that taxpayer dollars are only going  to individuals who are willing to seek help and who have taken the  first steps down the path to recovery.   Substance abuse is a deeply personal struggle. There is no government  program and no amount of money that can rescue someone who doesn't want  to be saved. While we cannot force people to turn away from the harmful  and destruction siren song of opioids and other substances, we can help  the people who are endeavoring to do so.   By aiding these courageous men, women, and families, I also believe  we can send a message to those still shackled in the dark by their  addiction. There is a pathway back, and if you are willing to commit to  it, our communities and this entire Nation will support you. That is  the message we are sending with this legislation and many of the other  important bills being considered this week.   I hope that my colleagues from both sides of the aisle will vote in  favor of the rule and the underlying legislation to provide our  citizens struggling with substance abuse a new tool for breaking free.   