 Mr. Chair, I want to applaud my good friend from  Alabama, Mr. Palmer, and my colleague from North Carolina, Mr. Walker,  for their work on this particular amendment.   I couldn't disagree more with the gentlewoman from the District of  Columbia. This is not about individual liberties. In fact, this  amendment supports individual liberties. It keeps liens from being  placed on property.   Quite frankly, Congress, overwhelmingly has supported repealing the  individual mandate. And for some city to say that they are wanting to  implement an individual mandate, it has nothing to do with healthcare.  It has more to do with political statements.   And I can tell you that to have the particular initiative here in  Washington, D.C., limit short-term health plans and, certainly,  association health plans, it, again, is not about healthcare.   So I would encourage an adoption of the amendment and stand for  liberty.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, before I get into my amendment, I want to  thank the chairman of the subcommittee and the entire staff for not  only a very thoughtful bill that really requires very few amendments,  but really working with Members of all different ideological stripes in  our conference. And I look forward to being able to support this when  it comes up for a vote tomorrow.   My amendment prohibits funds from being used by the Office of  Personnel Management, better known as OPM, to administer the  ObamaCare's multistate program.   ObamaCare required OPM to contract with health insurers to make  multistate plans available to consumers in all the States, and D.C., by  2017.   Now, there is only one problem with that. There is only one State  participating. And yet, here we continue to fund it.   The multistate plan program has failed to meet its statutory  requirements. It has failed to generate competition in the healthcare  marketplace. And it has failed to lower health insurance premiums.   According to OPM, the government has spent $53 million on  administrative costs for this failed program. The evidence is clear:  This program doesn't work and it is a waste of taxpayer dollars.   In fact, the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on  Taxation said eliminating funding for this plan will not affect the  levels of competition or premiums in the insurance markets, nor would  it affect any ObamaCare subsidies.   So my amendment does not take funds away from OPM. It leaves more  money for OPM to continue its other mission-critical programs without  having to waste the time and resources on a poorly-functioning  multistate plan program.   I have got letters from the OPM, Office of Personnel Management, who  administers the plan, supporting the elimination of this program. I  also have a letter from the National Active and Retired Federal  Employees Association, better known as NARFE, who represent the  interests of more than 5 million Federal employees and retirees and  their survivors, supporting the elimination of this program.   So finally, this program is widely viewed by analysts on the both the  left and the right as either a de facto public option or a plausible  foundation for a future public option.   The House should vote overwhelmingly to do away with this, and I urge  my colleagues, both Democrats and Republicans, to do so.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have left?    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman opposite with his  articulation of opposition; but I find it  [[Page H6539]]  interesting because the last time I checked, he is not from Arkansas,  which is the only State that actually is benefiting from this. And yet,  his State, my State, and every other State is paying for this for the  benefit. And I would use that word very liberally, because it is not  really benefiting them. They just keep it there. It is not lowering  premiums in Arkansas.   So at what time do we look at a failed Federal program and say enough  is enough? I think that that day is today, and I urge all my colleagues  to support this amendment.   I want to thank the gentleman for his leadership. I urge a vote in  support of this particular amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.   