 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the fiscal year 2019  Defense Appropriations and Labor-Health and Human Services  Appropriations conference report.   First, I would like to take a minute to thank Chairman Frelinghuysen,  who has led the effort to return the Appropriations Committee to  regular order. He knows too well the crippling impacts of a CR on the  Department of Defense, and today he delivers on a promise to ensure our  men and women in uniform are provided funding on time.   Personally, I am grateful to the chairman for the many years of  friendship. His steady leadership will be greatly missed.   I also want to commend Chairwoman Granger for her good work in  getting this bill here today and, certainly, Pete Visclosky, the  ranking member, for his work in getting this bill here today, and also  Ranking Member Lowey, the full committee ranking member, for her great  work.   We are all here today, together, in a rare moment of bipartisanship  to fund our military and to fund Labor-Human Services, which hasn't  been passed here for some time.   I served on the House Appropriations Committee for many years, and  providing for our men and women in uniform is a privilege and one of  the most important things that we do.   This conference report provides vital funding for the armed services,  including a 2.6 percent pay raise. This bill is an investment in our  future superiority on land, air, and sea.   I might point out that, yesterday, Secretary Mattis made comments at  VMI that, when he took the helm of the Department, he asked for the  strategy, and he was told there was none. Well, thankfully, under  General Mattis' leadership, not only does the Department have a clear  strategy, but the roadmap to achieve that strategy as well. It requires  Congress to do our part, which we are going to do today.    We are in a unique time in history that depends on U.S. leadership  throughout the world. A strong U.S. military with our allies creates  stability.    Mr. Speaker, the security of our Nation and the peace of  the world depend on a strong U.S. military, and I urge my colleagues to  support the conference report.   