 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Garrett for the opportunity to  address the House.   Mr. Speaker, it is the responsibility of the United States House of  Representatives, this body, and also the United States Senate, to  protect our families. There is nothing more important as dictated by  the United States Constitution, than to protect our families.   Mr. Speaker, we have one heck of a problem on our southwest border  with Mexico: in California, New Mexico, and Arizona. We have a very  dangerous and very unhealthy situation just on the other side of the  fence, in particular now, with Mexico. I am asking the President  tonight, if he is watching, to please, publicly ask the House  Republicans, while we are still in the majority, please ask us to pass  a real strong border security and immigration bill.   We did this several months ago. Goodlatte-McCaul One, as they called  it, got 193 votes. It has everything that the President wanted, his  four pillars and a heck of a lot more. Why in the world do we want to  negotiate for peanuts when we can have the whole ball of wax?   Goodlatte-McCaul One, has $25 billion, Mr. Trump, $25 billion for  border security, including the wall where necessary; $25 billion--not  $5 billion--$25 billion over 5 years. It ends the visa lottery. It  reins in chain migration, and it reforms the asylum process.   It is more than the President wants. This will happen, Mr. Speaker,  only if the President of the United States publicly asks House  Republicans to pass this bill or something really close to it.    The votes are there. Over the past 2 weeks, I have talked to every  single member of the Republican Conference, 235 Members of the House. I  have spoken to every single one, except for about five or six. We have  the votes to do this. It is not too late, but it is getting late.   After the Democrats take control of this body, they have told us what  they will bring or try to bring to the President's desk. It will not be  what the President wants. It will not be what America wants.   It will be some form of open border, sanctuary cities, and amnesty.  There is no better deal. There is no longer an opportunity to hold out  for a better deal. We have the votes to pass Goodlatte-McCaul One or  something real close to it.   But I ask the President, he must publicly ask the House to do it.  That will give enough of our Members the support they need to vote for  it, and it will cause leadership to act.   Again, why would we want to negotiate for peanuts when we can get the  [[Page H10332]]  whole ball of wax? I appreciate and I thank Mr. Garrett very much for  yielding to me.   