 Madam President, it is interesting that the majority whip  just spoke about China, and this Senator wants to talk about Facebook  and some of the things that are threatening national security and our  personal privacy.   I rise to speak about the recent press reports on Facebook and how  the social media giant partnered with at least 60 mobile device  manufacturers and shared user information with the likes of Apple,  Amazon, BlackBerry, Microsoft, and Samsung. Just today, on the subject  of China, the New York Times is reporting that Facebook also partnered  with four Chinese electronic manufacturers, including Huawei, which is  known to have close ties with the Chinese Government and may pose a  national security threat to the United States. According to the Times,  these companies had access to vast amounts of Facebook's user data,  including the information of friends who may not have provided proper  consent to access and share their personal and their personally  identifiable information.   We don't know all of the facts yet, but it is clear that what  Facebook claims and what the New York Times is reporting doesn't end up  squaring up. As a result, the chairman of the Commerce Committee,  Senator Thune, and I as ranking member wrote a letter to Mark  Zuckerberg, asking that he answer a number of questions about the New  York Times' reporting. Specifically, Senator Thune and I want to know  exactly who these business partners are and what the nature of these  agreements is. We want to know what safeguards are in place and whether  Facebook conducted adequate oversight to protect user or customer  information from unauthorized use and storage. We also asked whether  Facebook users and the Federal Trade Commission were aware of these  business agreements.   Currently, Facebook is operating under a 2011 consent order as part  of a settlement with the FTC, and it is not clear whether these data- sharing agreements are in violation of that order. The bottom line is  that these revelations are yet another example of questionable business  practices by Facebook that could undermine basic consumer privacy.   Remember, less than 2 months ago, Mr. Zuckerberg appeared in front of  our committee in a joint committee hearing with the Judiciary Committee  to answer questions in the face of the Cambridge Analytica fiasco. At  that hearing, Mr. Zuckerberg apologized for his company's negligence  and pledged to do better. He also asserted that consumers own their  personal information and control how it can be seen and used.   I want to repeat what I just said. Zuckerberg also asserted that  consumers--their users--own their personal information and control how  it can be seen and used. That is what Zuckerberg said in our committee  hearing.   The reporting in the New York Times suggests that is not accurate.  While Mr. Zuckerberg asserted that app developers were prohibited from  collecting friends' information in 2014, he failed to mention that  device manufacturers were still able to access the information. He  never revealed these data-sharing agreements in our committee meeting,  the hearing in April of this year.   As a result, it is hard to know what is true anymore. Now we learn  that Facebook gave Chinese companies believed to be national security  risks access to user data. What in the world is next, and what in the  world is going to protect Americans' personally identifiable, private  information?   Facebook is the most popular social media platform in the world with  over 2 billion users, and in the United States, there are over 200  million users. Those users interact with each other and post sensitive,  personal information. The company has a unique responsibility to its  users to be vigilant caretakers of personally identifiable information.  They also have a responsibility to be transparent.   I look forward to Mr. Zuckerberg's response to the letter that  Senator Thune and I sent to him just recently. It is high time that  Congress act to provide all American consumers with the basic privacy  protections they expect and deserve in order to be protected, and they  are counting on us to do that.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   