 Mr. President, in Federalist Paper No. 76, Alexander  Hamilton wrote that it was the job of the Senate to ``prevent the  appointment of unfit characters.'' That is certainly the mission for  which we have responsibility today--to make sure that the unfit  characters do not have roles of power and influence within our  government.   Andrew Wheeler, the nominee who is before us for the No. 2 job at the  Environmental Protection Agency, raises a series of questions and  concerns related to whether or not he is fit for office. This is a man  whose entire career working for the fossil fuel industry stands in  direct opposition to the mission of the Environmental Protection  Agency--a mission to protect the health of the American people and the  well-being of our planet.   At such a volatile moment for the EPA, when the Agency is plagued by  scandal, ethical misbehavior, and pandering to polluters, this  nomination deserves the closest of scrutiny. After all, it is quite  possible that, before long, whoever fills the role of No. 2 at the EPA  could be acting in the No. 1 spot.  [[Page S2109]]  It is clear that Andrew Wheeler is not fit to be that person.   When President Richard Nixon created the Environmental Protection  Agency in 1970, he recognized that we all share ``a profound commitment  to the rescue of our natural environment, and the preservation of the  Earth as a place both habitable by and hospitable to man.''   For more than 47 years, the EPA has worked under Democratic  Presidents and Republican Presidents to protect our natural environment  and preserve our planet as a habitable and hospitable place. That has  included controlling toxic and poisonous chemicals, improving air and  water quality, and enhancing vehicle efficiency and emissions control.  The list of EPA's accomplishments goes on and on, but it can be summed  up like this: Americans value clean air. Americans value clean water.  Scott Pruitt does not, and Mr. Wheeler does not.   Administrator Pruitt has turned his longstanding disdain for the EPA  into a crusade to destroy it. Think about the hard work of protecting  our air and our water. There is a lot that goes into that. You can  think about the equivalence of constructing a house. You need to have  somebody who knows the foundation, knows the plumbing, knows the  wiring, knows the carpentry, knows the drywall, and knows the roofing.  You have to combine all of that with someone to get the windows  installed right and the insulation installed right. It is a lot of work  to create a structure that protects our air and water from the  thousands of chemicals that can do it harm, but it only takes one  person to knock down that carefully constructed house--one person, one  wrecking ball.   Scott Pruitt is that wrecking ball in the EPA, knocking down the  carefully constructed work of decades of efforts by some of the  Nation's leading scientists and most dedicated team members.   There is a lot of frustration among those dedicated scientists, and  700 employees have left or have been forced out. Critical clean air and  clean water regulations have been stalled or left in limbo. Enforcement  of existing regulations has virtually disappeared. Regionally, EPA  offices have been routinely stripped of the power to investigate, while  advisory committees that have usually been made up by scientific,  objective individuals are now being filled with industry shills. To put  it bluntly, under Scott Pruitt, the EPA is conducting a war against  clean air and clean water. This is really a shameful situation, and  that is just the policy side.   Then we have the ethical side. There is the Administrator's desire to  waste our taxpayer money on $40,000 private phone booths, first-class  travel, and swanky accommodations; the Administrator's determination to  retaliate against those who have pointed out the restrictions that he  is violating; and an Administrator who has increased the salaries of  his friends in an unapproved fashion. There is little to think that any  of this would change with Andrew Wheeler in either the No. 2 or No. 1  position.   It starts with the fact that neither man takes seriously the profound  threat to our planet from carbon pollution. I believe that these  individuals are smart, that they actually know the enormous damage that  carbon pollution is doing to our planet.   After all, it is hard to miss. You can see it this last year in the  ferocity of Hurricanes Irma, Maria, and Harvey. Why were they so  fierce? Because 90 percent of the heat produced by climate chaos was  trapped by the oceans, and that hotter ocean energizes the storms to a  higher level of impact. You can see them in the forest fires that raged  in Montana, across Oregon, and down into California. Year after year,  the fire season is longer and fiercer. There are more forests burned.   You can see it in the insect population. You can see it in the  mosquitoes that carry Zika. You can see it in the success of the pine  beetles, when it is too warm to kill them in the winter. So they do  great, and the trees don't. You can see it in the oysters that now have  to have the water in which they are born be artificially buffered  because it is now too acidic for baby oysters.   And why is it too acidic? Because the ocean absorbs carbon dioxide  from the air, creating carbonic acid.   It is hard to miss. It is hard to imagine when you see the ocean,  where so much carbonic acid has been placed through our ocean through  polluted air that it has changed the acidity of the ocean, but that is  exactly what it has done.   Now, the EPA does a lot of wonderful work under a normal  administration, be it Democratic or Republican. It tracks greenhouse  emissions. It works on money-saving regulations, like renewable fuel  standard programs. It conducts analyses to compare different policies  to see which one would be more effective and what the range of impacts  would be. It conducts world-class research on the science. It partners  with States and local communities and governments on efficiency and  renewable energy. But that is under a normal administration and a  normal Administrator. There is no partnering now. It is just simply the  wrecking ball.   Scott Pruitt said scientists disagree about the extent of global  warming in connection to the actions of mankind. Actually, NASA has  very precise estimates or recordings of the changes in the carbon  dioxide in the atmosphere and the temperature changes that are  occurring from that.   You can find people, primarily those who are funded by the fossil  fuel industry, who dispute that and sow confusion. It is certainly the  strategy of the fossil fuel folks, who are choosing their greed over  our planet. They are selling out America, and those who shill for them  are selling out America.   They say: Well, you know, out of 100 scientists, we can find 2 or 3  who disagree. Well, how often do you have somebody who goes to 97  doctors and have them say: You have cancer. And they say: Oh, but,  wait; I can find one doctor somewhere. If I pay them enough, they will  say I don't have cancer, and then I am healed--except that they  wouldn't be healed and they would soon be dead.   In Oregon, we have seen the impact on the Klamath Basin, the worst  ever droughts time after time over the last 15 years. Talk to the  people in Texas, Louisiana, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin  Islands, whose communities were devastated by last year's hurricanes.   In the last 10 years, the time I have been in office, we have seen  half the coral reefs around the world either die or be deeply damaged-- in the time since I was elected in 2008. As to the fact that our  economists have calculated the monetary terms of damage for the United  States from last year's storms and fires to be well over $300 billion,  the fact that quality of life would be profoundly affected by the  movement of diseases, the fact that the moose are dying in New  Hampshire and lobsters are migrating north from Maine, none of that  matters because these folks keep coming back and saying: You know, it  is just not clear what is happening. It is not even an understanding of  the basic scientific principle. Really? That is just such a lie.   As far back as 1959, Edward Teller, the eminent scientist, was  warning folks in the petroleum industry. When he gave his speech at the  100th anniversary of the petroleum industry, he said: ``First of all,  these energy resources will run short as we use up more and more of the  fossil fuels.'' True enough, it turns out that there is a lot more than  anyone thought in 1959. But then he said, second, that it turns out  that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels has a big problem.   You can look through it and you can't smell it so it doesn't seem  like a pollutant, but it turns out it traps heat. He proceeded to say  that would be a big problem because it would melt ice in the world and  raise the sea levels and that would flood our cities. He didn't have  all of the science that has been generated since 1959, but he had a  basic understanding of the physics of the problem.   What have we seen? We have seen, from that time until now, a 25- percent increase in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, and that is a big  deal. So we have seen, year after year, it become hotter and hotter. In  fact, 2015, 2016, and 2017 were the three hottest years ever recorded.  In fact, 17 of the 18 hottest years on record occurred within the last  18 years. Yet these individuals stand up and say: Do not worry. Be  happy. There is no problem.  [[Page S2110]]    But there is a big problem, and putting folks whose bread is buttered  by the fossil fuel industry in charge of clean air and clean water is a  colossal mistake for our Nation.   Mr. Pruitt's association with the fossil fuel industry is well  documented. He went as far as to send a letter to the EPA on his  stationery accusing regulators of overestimating how much air pollution  energy companies drilling new natural gas wells in Oklahoma were  causing. The letter was written almost word-for-word by a company, not  by a scientific expert, nor did it have input from scientific experts.   This type of cozy relationship has continued throughout his tenure at  the EPA. Take, for instance, his efforts to stall or eliminate  regulations, delay implementations of new ones to help polluters at the  expense of the health, safety, and livelihood of millions of Americans.  He has issued a memorandum saying the regional EPA offices first have  to seek permission from headquarters before investigating polluters,  investigating violations, or requesting information. So he has sought  to really completely stop the investigation into malfeasance and  misconduct damaging our environment--all to help his associates who are  in private industry.   The list goes on and on.   We see the same thing with Mr. Wheeler working so closely as a  lobbyist for the same fossil fuel industry; specifically, Murray  Energy. How can you say an individual will enforce the rules when he  represents the industry? That is the challenge.   Our U.S. President said he was going to drain the swamp, but Scott  Pruitt is the swamp. He is the person who is proceeding to fail to  enforce our clean air and clean water laws. He is the person who is  stopping his team from investigating violations. He is the person who  is allowing his friends to have their pay increased, or actively  working to increase their pay, when it is outside of the regulation. He  is the person wasting our taxpayer money in all kinds of ways that have  been documented, from security details to trains of cars blowing lights  so he can get someplace in the city 5 minutes faster, violating the  rules; demoting people who try to hold him accountable--every possible  ethical and professional violation.   The nominee before us is a straight backup to that kind of  misconduct. He should absolutely not be confirmed by the U.S. Senate.  He should not get a single vote from a single Member here because the  American people want the rules on clean air and clean water enforced.  So let's vote for enforcement.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my fellow,  Sharmin Syed, be granted privileges of the floor for the duration of  her service in my office.   