 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak a little  bit about the rule of law and President Trump's approach to what has  happened as far as the Mueller investigation.   The rule of law has protected our Nation's democracy, institutions,  and citizens for over 200 years. It means that no one person is above  the law--no one--not even the President.   President Trump does not seem to respect the rule of law. He acts as  if the law doesn't apply to him. He believes that he can steer the  wheels of justice in whichever direction he wants to shield himself  from lawful investigation.   This President is willing to risk national security, to defy the  judgment of the FBI Director and his team, and to release classified  material for his own political purposes. Think about that. The  President of the United States just declassified a top-secret document,  and he did it with the clear intent to undermine the investigation into  Russian interference in our election. His actions should end any doubt  about his willingness to obstruct justice.   After he declassified the Nunes memo, President Trump said: ``A lot  of people should be ashamed of themselves. It's a disgrace, what's  happened in our country.'' This is one of the rare times I have agreed  with President Trump. It is a disgrace, what has happened in our  country, but not for the reasons the President gives.   Russia's cyber attacks and other potential operations during the 2016  election represented a direct strike at our democracy. I cannot think  of a time when our national interest has been so threatened and the  President of the United States has ignored the threat. Not only has  this President turned a blind eye to Russia's interference, but he has  done nothing to prevent future attacks. He ignores the threat even  though the CIA Director says Russia will try to interfere in our  elections again. Instead, he has done everything he can to curry favor  with Vladimir Putin. He should be ashamed of himself.   Unfortunately, he has demonstrated time and time again that he is  incapable of shame. But he is not alone. Many members of his party  should be ashamed for enabling the President to undermine the special  counsel investigation, for enabling his defamation of career public  servants, and for remaining silent in the face of a growing crisis.   The President has made clear that he does not like Special Counsel  Mueller's and Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein's independence and  commitment to the rule of law, and he has had an eye on getting rid of  them for quite a while. We learned he considered firing them last June,  and we have known for many months, from the President's own admission,  that he fired FBI Director James Comey to stop the Russia  investigation. These men have dedicated their lives to serving our  country. Mr. Mueller served as a Federal prosecutor and a Department of  Justice lawyer for much of his career, and he was appointed as FBI  Director in 2001 by  [[Page S668]]  President Bush. Mr. Rosenstein is also a career Federal prosecutor and  was appointed as a U.S. attorney by President George W. Bush.    The President has said many times: ``There was no collusion.'' If  that is true, why does the President go to such great lengths to  undermine the investigation?   The President's intentions are transparent and dangerous. He fails to  accept that Mr. Mueller and Mr. Rosenstein swore an oath to the  Constitution. Because they will not pledge their loyalty to him, he is  bound and determined to stop the investigation into his potential  wrongdoing.   But the Republican leader has delayed bringing forward bipartisan  legislation to protect Mr. Mueller from arbitrary dismissal. In light  of recent events, Congress must act. The special counsel needs  protection to do his job. He shouldn't have interference from the  President and his partisan supporters.   In the Senate appropriations bill for the Department of Justice, I  included language directing the Department of Justice to abide by its  current regulations for the special counsel, but it is clear to me that  we must do a lot more.   During the Watergate investigation, Eugene McCarthy said: ``This is  the time for all good [people] not to go to the aid of their party, but  to come to the aid of their country.''   It is time for all Members of Congress to come to the aid of our  country and ensure that Mr. Mueller and his team are able to gather the  facts and draw their conclusions without obstruction.   It is astonishing that President Trump still calls the Russia  investigation a ``witch hunt.'' Our government's 17 law enforcement and  national security agencies all reached the conclusion that Russia  actively interfered with our Presidential election through hacking  national party computers, leaking information, and spreading  disinformation over media and social media outlets. The President's  continued refusal to address this threat is unconscionable, and it  betrays our national interests. Mr. Mueller's investigation into  Russian interference is justified by the evidence, and it is  imperative.   We also have abundant evidence that the President tried to interfere  with the Department of Justice and FBI investigation. The President's  firing of FBI Director James Comey because of ``the Russian thing'' is  what landed him with a special counsel in the first place.   Why did the President want a pledge of personal loyalty from Mr.  Comey and Mr. Rosenstein? Why did he ask Mr. Comey to drop the  investigation of Mr. Flynn?   Why is the President so angry at Attorney General Sessions for  recusing himself from the investigation, and why did the President need  the Attorney General to not recuse to ``protect'' him?   The evidence of interference with an ongoing investigation is enough  reason to investigate. We all remember that President Nixon's chief  transgression was the coverup. Despite a constant refrain of denials  from the President that his campaign had any connection with Russia, we  know there were many connections.   Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn pled guilty to lying  to the FBI about his December 22, 2016, conversation with the Russian  Ambassador about relieving U.S. sanctions imposed for Russia's  interference. Campaign foreign adviser George Papadopoulos pled guilty  to lying to the FBI about his contacts with people connected to the  Russian Government. Former campaign manager Paul Manafort was charged  in a Federal indictment with acting as a foreign agent for the pro- Russian Ukraine Government. The President's son, Donald Trump, Jr., and  his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and Mr. Manafort all met with Russian  operatives to gather dirt on Hillary Clinton. Then, the President  personally dictated a press statement misrepresenting the nature of the  meeting. These are just a few of the connections.   Mr. President, I refer to a November 13, 2017, article from the  Washington Post. It chronicles many of the meetings between the Trump  campaign officials and the Russians during the campaign and is too long  to go into here.   But neither the compelling evidence justifying investigation nor Mr.  Mueller's credentials have stopped the President and his friends in  Congress from attacking both. Representative Nunes nominally recused  himself from the Trump collusion investigation in the House  Intelligence Committee, but he and his colleagues on the committee have  now released a memo based on incomplete and misleading information,  with the President's full backing. This is despite a warning from the  FBI against its release, and the Speaker will do nothing to rein in him  or his committee members.   The President's attacks on the independence of our Nation's premier  law enforcement agency mirror his attacks on our other foundational  institutions. He has maligned the judiciary. He has maligned the press.  He attacks and disrespects our foundational principles--separation of  powers, freedom of speech and religion, and equality under the law.  This is in addition to the President's regular assault on the truth.  The Washington Post counted at least 2,000 times where this President  departed from the truth in his first year in office.   The White House and its allies in Congress must stop their baseless  attacks on Mr. Mueller and his team. They must let them do their job  and find the facts. We must ensure the independence of prosecutors so  we can ensure that investigations and outcomes are fair and impartial.   Why is the President going to such lengths to fight this  investigation? We do not know. But we do know that a foreign power-- Russia--interfered in our last election, and we do know that the  President and his team have had significant business links to Russian  financial interests.   The President's family business continues today, but it does so while  concealing his tax returns and keeping their business partners secret.  On top of that, the Trump administration has become much more  accommodating of Russian interests. Are these things connected in some  way? We need to know. That is why the special counsel's investigation  is so important.   Now is the time for every Member of Congress to put the country ahead  of politics. Special Counsel Mueller must be able to do his job, to  follow the facts wherever they may lead, and to draw his conclusions.  Congress must pass legislation to protect the special counsel from  being arbitrarily fired, not serve as the President's lieutenants in an  unprecedented assault on the rule of law.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Barrasso). The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   