 Mr. President, first, let me thank Senator Brown for his  extraordinary leadership on behalf of not just the Federal workers but  on behalf of all Americans. Our Federal workers are the frontline of  public service. I applaud their work. Our Federal workforce is the best  national public workforce in the world. They do their work more  professionally.   They are civil servants, which means that they are immune from the  politics, favoritism, or patronage, and they do their work with great  pride. I am very proud of the Federal workforce in my State of  Maryland. There are many reasons I am proud, along with Senator Van  Hollen, to represent the State of Maryland, but one of the reasons is  that we proudly represent almost 136,000 Federal workers who live in  the State of Maryland. They do incredible work.   They are the doctors at NIH, who are discovering how to deal with the  diseases of the world and how to make us healthier and safer. They are  the scientists at Goddard Space Flight Center, who are discovering the  mysteries of space and how we can use that not only to discover what is  happening in space but also to use that technology here at home. They  are the professionals at the Social Security Administration, who are  helping our seniors get the benefits they so much depend upon. They are  the professionals at the FBI, who are keeping us safe.  [[Page S5346]]    I can go through all of the different Federal agencies. There is the  FDA, which deals with food safety and drug safety, and the work being  done at EPA for cleaner air and cleaner water. These are the frontlines  that provide the services to the people of our Nation. They do it at  great sacrifice. It is not easy, as we all know, to serve in the public  sector today.   There has been an all-out assault by the Trump administration on our  Federal workforce. They are not only hurting our Federal workforce, but  they are hurting our country. The pay freezes, the hiring freezes, and  the proposed cuts to benefits say to those who want to serve their  Nation in public service: Maybe this is not the right field for you.   We are seeing a hollowing out of our Federal workforce. It is  becoming older. Let me point out that when you look at the Federal  workforce in Maryland, it looks like the demographics of the State of  Maryland. That is not true for all of our employers. The gender is  basically 50-50. Over 40 percent of the workforce are minority.   As Senator Brown pointed out, a much larger percentage of veterans  are in our Federal workforce than in the general workforce, and, yes,  they are providing services to our veterans, and it is public service  also. So it is a representative group.   We are finding that the President's policy is one of the most anti- government policies that we have ever seen from any President. I went  through some of the specifics that concern us; that is, the fact that  our Federal workforce has already contributed greatly to the deficit in  tens of billions of dollars they have been asked to contribute. Even  though they did not cause the deficit, they have contributed to it.   They have had to go through sequestration and government shutdowns,  with the uncertainty that comes with those issues. Just recently, in  May, there were the President's Executive orders, and they need to be  brought out. They are absolutely outrageous--three Executive orders.  There was a court hearing today that was held, and I am hopeful the  courts will intervene. They deal with so-called official time,  collective bargaining rights, and the rights of our employees to some  form of due process, all of which are jeopardized.   As I said earlier to some of our Federal workers, this is not just  about trying to bust unions. This is about busting democracy. I say  that because the civil service laws were passed for a reason. We don't  want to see cronyism and corruption with patronage in our Federal  workforce. That is why we have a civil service law. In order for the  employees to be protected, they have the voluntary right to join  together in a union. Those unions don't have all the full rights you  would normally have in private sector employment, but they do have  rights. There are collective bargaining agreements.   Part of their responsibility, for example, is that their  representatives represent all of the employees, not just those who  choose to join the unions. That is why on official time, they can take  care of their responsibilities as it relates to the entire workforce,  but they are prohibited, as always, to use official time for union  activities.   What does President Trump do in his Executive order? He tries to  restrict the official time for official work. He tries to restrict the  ability for Federal workers to join unions. He tries to make it more  difficult to protect the rights of the workers. It not only violates  collective bargaining agreements, but it violates Federal law. We need  to speak out against that type of action.   I want to mention one other point, if I may. The administrative law  judges are one of our frontline defenses against abuses in our  agencies, where you can get an independent review of findings. One of  the major concerns that we see coming up is that there is a  politicizing of the ALJ judges by this administration, in that what  they are attempting to do is to influence the selection of ALJ judges  by the agency and that the removal can be done for political reasons.  This violates the basic protections that we have in our system.   Our Federal workforce is the frontline of public service in this  country. All of us are very proud of what we do as elected officials,  but the frontline is really the Federal workforce out there doing the  public work. As I said earlier, they are the best in the world at  providing governmental services. They deserve our thanks and support,  not the type of action that has been suggested by the Trump  administration.    I am proud to stand with my colleagues on the floor today to say  thank you to our Federal workforce. We are going to stand with them to  make sure they are treated fairly by the Federal Government.   I yield the floor.   