 Mr. President, I want to take a moment to recognize MG  Joseph M. Martin and his outstanding military career, which is made  evident by a significant milestone promotion to lieutenant general.  Major General Martin is the commanding general of the 1st Infantry  Division at Fort Riley, KS, and assumed this command in October of 2016  when he took command of the Big Red One--the Army's longest serving,  permanent division since 1917.  [[Page S2867]]    Within days of assuming command of the Big Red One in 2016, he  deployed with his division headquarters, 500 of his soldiers, to Iraq.  He assumed leadership of the Combined Joint Forces Land Component  Command-Iraq in support of Operation Inherent Resolve.   Major General Martin's combat leadership was remarkable in Iraq.  During the 9-month deployment, he led the fight, alongside the  Government of Iraq, against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria in  Mosul. His efforts, and the efforts of the brave soldiers in the U.S.  Army and all of our troops, led to the defeat of ISIS in Mosul and the  destruction of their territorial hold. ISIS had been in control of  Mosul since 2014 but were beaten back by Major General Martin and his  forces. They liberated 1.8 million Iraqis, and it was a remarkable  victory.   In the manner of a true combat leader, Major General Martin was one  of the last soldiers to return from the mission in July of 2017. When  General Martin returned stateside, he quickly demonstrated his  leadership back on base at Fort Riley, and he led the 100th anniversary  of the division.   He has been an outstanding partner to me and fellow Kansans on a  number of initiatives to support the Big Red One. He has been involved  in the communities of Manhattan and Junction City and those other  communities that surround Fort Riley. It is no surprise to me that he  has been selected for promotion to lieutenant general. He is a proven  leader, capable of completing the most complex challenges under the  most stressful situations. The Army has made the right move with his  promotion and, furthermore, by placing him in a position of greater  responsibility.    I am confident Kansans will join me in congratulating soon-to-be- confirmed Lieutenant General Martin on his promotion. We honor and  thank him for his service.   We recognize the sacrifices he and his family have made over the last  32 years. I recognize his wife Leann and their children, Kylie and  Joey, for their service over the years. Strong Army families make  strong Army soldiers.   I have no doubt--none--that Major General Martin will continue to be  one of the Army's best leaders, and I look forward to seeing what lies  ahead for him in his career.   Congratulations, General Martin.   I yield the floor.   