 Mr. President, earlier this month, I announced that my  current term of service would be my last. Since then, many of my  colleagues have asked how I feel with my Senate tenure drawing to a  close. I think many expect me to say that I feel an overwhelming sense  of satisfaction and relief. Hardly. If anything, the decision to retire  has imbued me with a sense of urgency that I have never felt before.   With a year left in office, I have an agenda that is as ambitious as  ever,  [[Page S157]]  and the ticking shot clock is a constant reminder of just how much I  have left to accomplish. Just 168 legislative days remain in my Senate  term, and I can assure you that those 168 days will be among the  proudest and the most productive periods in all my public service.   Anyone who thought Orrin Hatch would coast quietly into his golden  years clearly doesn't know me. The stars have aligned for this year to  be one of my most successful yet. So don't expect me to go gentle into  that good night. Expect me to be right here on the Senate floor, early  and often, pushing the most critical reforms of this Congress. Expect  me to take the lead on a Finance Committee agenda that will equal in  ambition our accomplishments of 2017. Expect me to be the same steady  presence in this body that I have been for the last 41 years.   Above all, expect a flurry of legislative activity from my office. I  have a dedicated staff. They are determined to drive this old workhorse  into the ground. And I have arguably the best working relationship with  this President of anyone on Capitol Hill. Add to this the advantages  that accrue from a lifetime of legislative experience and bipartisan  dealmaking.   The point I wish to make is simple: In legislative terms, my final  year could well be the most fruitful yet, and I hope it will be.   In the months ahead, I am eager to capitalize on our tax reform  victory by putting the Nation back on the path to fiscal  sustainability, finding a way forward on immigration, and securing  long-term funding for the Children's Health Insurance Program--a  program that I helped put into law and have been very pleased with over  the years. I also intend to update our intellectual property laws for  the 21st century, enact key fixes to our higher education system, and  fill our courts with as many qualified judges as possible. Likewise, I  look forward to working with my colleagues across the aisle to improve  the competitiveness of our workforce, strengthen digital privacy, and  blaze new trails on medical marijuana research.   But this brief overview doesn't cover even half of my agenda for  2018, nor does it include some of the legislative surprises I plan for  later this year. The virtue of being a seven-term Senator with a  reservoir of good will is that you have a little bit of latitude in  your final year. That is why my plan is to go big and to go bold,  because unless you are Michael Jordan, you retire only once, so you  might as well make the most of it.   The truth is, I put the pieces in place long ago to ensure that my  final year in office would be a legislative knockout, so no one should  count me out, not for a single second, and anyone who does should be  reminded that I can do in just a few months what it takes most a decade  to complete. Tough old birds like me don't have lameduck years; we just  dig in and get tougher. For me, 2018 is not a victory lap but a sprint  to the finish, and I plan to finish strong. I look forward to working  with all of you until the very end.   With that, I just want to say how much I love the Senate, how much I  love my colleagues on both sides of the floor, how much I have enjoyed  working with all of you over all these years and will enjoy this  remaining year hopefully even more. I hope I can do some things that  will be very beneficial to our country, to all of us, and that will  help us all feel better about our service here and help us all strive  to do better together.   I yield the floor.    If the Senator will yield, I thank the Senator so much. I  am grateful for the friendship that I have with all of you but  especially with him. He is one of the up-and-coming, moving, strong  Senators in this body. I have tremendous respect for his work ethic,  the effort he has put forth on a daily basis, the ethics that he  imposes upon himself, and the logistical all around way of doing the  Senate's work. I am very pleased to have him as a friend.   