 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues Senator  Brown, Senator Tester, most importantly, Senator Gillibrand, and our  good friend Senator Isakson.   Senator Isakson and Senator Gillibrand and I worked together closely  on this issue when I was the ranking member of the Senate Veterans'  Affairs Committee. We engaged the VA through hearings, through  meetings, through any way that we could reach the VA so that it would  grant the presumption to all veterans who served in the territorial  waters of Vietnam during the Vietnam war and were exposed to Agent  Orange, to give them simple justice, and to treat them with the same  presumption of service-connected disability as their fellow veterans  who served in the Vietnam conflict with boots on the ground. If they  served in those territorial waters, they deserve that same presumption.   Beyond the abstraction here, I want to talk about the face and voice  of this problem, which, for me, is my good friend Gerry Wright.   Gerry Wright rode across this country on a motorcycle. The mantra on  the motorcycle was ``Sprayed and Betrayed.'' Gerry Wright is a victim  of Agent Orange. He suffers from some of the same conditions as those  brave veterans who served with boots on the ground. He joined me, along  with Paul Scappaticci, Cinthia Johnson, and Gary Monk on Veterans Day.  Just as he rode across the country, we came together to raise awareness  about this issue.   If Americans saw and heard those faces and voices, if my colleagues  heeded their call, there would be no objection in this body to this  legislation. It is all of us who share a responsibility, and it is the  VA that has to acknowledge responsibility, as well, for its opposition  over the years and its actions blocking simple justice for these  veterans.   In the absence of justice from the VA, we have fought over these  years--just as the blue water Navy veterans have fought for decades--to  achieve that justice, and 5 months ago, that justice seemed within  reach when the House unanimously passed, 382 to 0, the Blue Water Navy  Vietnam Veterans Act.   The Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee held a hearing on this  legislation in August. Members had more than sufficient time to  consider the language. There are more than ample funds to cover it.  There is no reason--none whatsoever--for delaying this legislation,  which has such broad support from the Veterans Service Organizations,  stakeholders, and members of this body.   I want to remind my colleagues that this legislation also includes a  provision that I led with Senator Moran and Senator Tester that would  treat with fairness our Korean veterans. It is called the Fairness for  Korean DMZ Veterans Act, ensuring all veterans who served in the Korean  DMZ, when Agent Orange was used there, that they will also receive the  healthcare and benefits they deserve. This measure is about justice for  our Vietnam veterans, for our Korean war veterans, and it is a symbol,  as well as a tangible and profoundly significant benefit of our  commitment to cover the cost of war. This measure is not about a gift.  It is not about charity. It is about what we owe the veteran. It is  about keeping faith, making sure that we leave none of those veterans  behind, and that we give them the simple justice they deserve. They  have fought for this recognition over years, and ``sprayed and  betrayed'' will be the appropriate designation if we fail in this duty  for them.    Again, I thank Senator Gillibrand and Senator Daines for their  leadership, and I urge my colleagues to support this measure.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   