 Mr. President, here is what is happening. Last night,  Senate Democrats asked to do a 1-day continuing resolution. They also  asked to do a 3-day continuing resolution. What  [[Page S386]]  does that mean? That means we were at an impasse because the House- passed continuing resolution was 4 weeks, and that was not acceptable  to enough U.S. Senators to pass. If you subject it to a vote, and it  doesn't get cloture, it fails.   Under normal circumstances, then you try to find out what might be  able to get cloture, but we were so close to the deadline that we  needed something called a unanimous consent request. In other words, we  needed every single U.S. Senator to accede to the idea that we should  vote on something.   It is not unusual for a unanimous consent request to be granted. A  lot of times it is just perfunctory stuff, everyday stuff to kind of  move something in a schedule, allow someone to have 10 more minutes to  speak, or whatever it may be, but on big things, you don't always grant  consent. I get that.   Think about where we were. We were on the precipice of the government  shutdown, and Senator Nelson from Florida asked for unanimous consent-- in other words, all 100 U.S. Senators agreeing--to bring up a measure  that would have kept the government open; the idea being that is better  than a shutdown; the idea being that everybody on the Senate floor was  actually behaving like a Senator last night who did not want to shut  down the government.   There were lots of very interesting, constructive, and productive  bipartisan conversations. We were close. We weren't that close--we  weren't 10 minutes away--but we weren't so far apart that it wasn't  worth trying. That is why Senator Nelson said: Why don't we buy  ourselves another 24 hours and not shut down the government.   The majority leader objected. It was the majority leader's  prerogative to allow it to be voted on. Had that been subjected to a  vote, I doubt there would have been more than a handful of people  voting against it. Nobody wants a government shutdown. Senator Nelson  provided the opportunity for us to avoid this.   Then Senator Tester said: OK. Maybe 1 day is too short. Maybe we  can't get this done in 20. My view was we should have 12-hour CRs. We  should have absolute, burning pressure on ourselves. It should be  physically miserable. We should be here. We should be working. We  should be negotiating. That is my view. I think we should be on 12-hour  CRs.   Listen, I can't go home, right? I live pretty far away, but even for  those who live on the Eastern Seaboard, I don't think anybody should be  comfortable this weekend--politically, physically, mentally. To  understand what is happening to the country, you should not be  comfortable. You should be embarrassed. I think we should be on 12-hour  CRs. OK. A 24-hour CR, I was fine with that. That got rejected. How  about a 3-day CR? That is what President Trump wanted to do to try to  close the deal, but those were rejected.   No one can explain to the public why we can't keep the government  open for a few days to negotiate without punishing the whole country.  Nobody wins during a shutdown. We were so close to an agreement.   The overarching reason we didn't reach an agreement is, we have an  erratic White House. I have been trying to dial down my rhetoric in  this context. I am looking at the Presiding Officer, who is a  Republican, with whom I have a constructive working relationship. If we  are going to get out of this, we have to get out of this together. So I  am trying to watch my tone because we are going to have to vote on  something together at some point. The simple fact is, the White House  has been erratic and inconsistent in this process.   There was at least a framework for a deal on January 11, and it got  blown up in that very famous meeting with the expletives. Then there  was at least a framework for a deal yesterday, and it got--now very  famously--blown up by a subsequent meeting and a subsequent phone call.  Here we are with four continuing resolutions in 4 months.   We haven't actually been able to work on the appropriations process.  We haven't done great with appropriations in the past 5 years since I  have been here, but, occasionally we will get an omnibus done.  Occasionally, we will have proper markups. Occasionally, we will look  at each executive agency and do our job properly.   It is not the regular order like it used to be with my predecessor  and many of the people of the Senate of old. It was not as bad as this.  A CR month by month, week by week--enough is enough.   Instead of trying to deal with this, the White House is failing to  address these baseline issues and then creates new crises. This was a  manufactured crisis on DACA. They didn't need to create this crisis,  but now we have one.   Instead of using the Executive's authority to solve problems, they  are focusing on the wrong things. They are punishing children who were  brought to this country through no fault of their own and now are as  American as anyone in Congress, except in the eyes of the law, but  there is a level of inconsistency, as a euphemism, that we have had to  deal with in these negotiations. The White House told the Republicans  to fund CHIP as part of a 30-day spending bill, and then the President  tweeted we should only fund CHIP if it is part of a long-term solution.   We had a deal on the table to help Dreamers in exchange for border  funding only to have the White House change its mind. That happened  once when the deal was blown up a couple weeks ago and then yesterday.   Senate Republicans may feel comfortable; they may feel uncomfortable.  I don't know. I think it probably depends on the Member, but they are  in a holding pattern waiting for Presidential leadership, and they  don't know what the White House wants. They don't want to move on  legislation without the White House's approval, but trying to get  clarity from the administration on this or any other issue is a fool's  errand because it changes by the hour and certainly by the day. That is  why we are in this position.   It is not unusual for Congress to have disagreements between the  parties, within the political parties, between the House and the  Senate. That is the way the legislative process works. It is a messy  process, but the way an executive is supposed to play that role, they  are supposed to wield that authority, that power. Whether it is a  Governor or a mayor or a President, when it gets close--and we are  close--the executive is supposed to close the deal. This Executive does  the opposite.   This Executive has blown up every deal every time. Sometimes we are  far apart, and it gets worse. Sometimes we are vanishingly close, and  it gets blown up, but what an executive is supposed to do is play that  role, play that adult in the room. Right now, we are a ship without a  captain.   That is why we are marking the 1-year anniversary of this  administration with a government shutdown. That is why hundreds of  thousands of people across the country are marching to say they are  dissatisfied with the direction of this country.   The year 2017 in this U.S. Senate, it was a unique year. That is  because we had basically no bipartisanship on the Senate floor. There  were a few things that went by unanimous consent. The process of the  U.S. Senate is supposed to be that you submit a bill on the floor, and  it takes a week or two. Everybody offers amendments. There is lots of  haggling. It is kind of messy. People talk too long, people argue, but  in the end, you move a piece of legislation. It is a bipartisan process  by construct.   We are supposed to be different than the House. We are not a  majoritarian institution. We are supposed to be a moderating force on  the country. We are supposed to be the adults in the room. The way you  do that is through an open amendment process.   I want everybody to know we had a couple of situations where  Democrats were allowed to offer amendments, but that was in something  called vote-arama. I know the Presiding Officer hates vote-arama. I  know most people in the U.S. Senate hate vote-arama. Why? Because it is  a farce. It is worse than student council. Everyone is just doing stuff  to position themselves back home. None of the things we vote on in the  vote-arama process has any force of law or is going to be enacted.  There is nothing meaningful that happens in vote-arama.   Other than that, not one single, solitary Democratic amendment was  considered on the U.S. Senate floor. No Democratic Senator had their  amendment considered on the Senate floor except inside of the process  called vote-  [[Page S387]]  arama, which we all know is a farce. So we haven't had bipartisanship.   I was so encouraged when the majority leader, early this year--I  think the first week of the year right before convening--said he wants  to do things on the basis of 60 votes, which is the way the Senate has  always worked. I know he considers himself an institutionalist.   I understand they felt it imperative to try to repeal the Affordable  Care Act and do their tax cuts via the reconciliation process, which is  a 51-vote threshold, but he basically announced: We are going to do  bipartisan stuff this year. But what we have is an erratic  administration that changes its position every hour, and so it is very  difficult to get to 60. They lack the clarity, they lack the capacity,  and it appears they lack the desire to govern in a bipartisan fashion.    So I just want to be very clear. Democrats are ready and eager to  talk. We are here to find a way forward, but that does require  Presidential leadership.   I don't understand why we couldn't have a 1-day CR, a 2-day CR, or a  5-day CR. I don't understand why we can't negotiate with the government  open. When Bill Nelson comes to the floor and says: Why don't we buy  ourselves another 24 hours so that civilian DOD employees can get paid,  so people at the Pearl Harbor Shipyard can get paid, so people who work  for the Federal Government can get paid, so some of the people who work  in the U.S. Congress, in security and elsewhere, parking--all of these  wonderful civil servants are not going to get paid. All of these  services are going to get shut down tomorrow--not tomorrow but Monday  morning--because nobody is even going to allow Bill Nelson's proposal  to even get a vote.   If you guys don't want to do a 24-hour CR, vote against it, but at  least allow us to keep the government open and keep these negotiations  open.   Now is the time for Congress to conduct itself as the article I  branch--as a separate, coequal branch of government. And we are not--I  understand the politics. We just had 8 years of President Obama, and  obviously Democrats were very eager to understand the administration's  position so we could calibrate and coordinate. We didn't always do the  same thing, but you have to keep an open ear to what a President of  your party desires to do. But when a President of your party is either  totally unclear or changes his mind every 12 hours, then you have to  make a judgment that you are going to exercise your constitutional  obligation and get the job done with his participation or over his  objections. That is what we need to do on a bipartisan basis.   I yield the floor.   Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Perdue). The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   