 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding and giving me some time.   Mr. Speaker, I just heard the phrase that ``I am appalled'' by what  is taking place on the floor today. I will tell you, I join in those  comments, and I really do believe that.   For a person whose family has been in the automobile business since  1953 and sold thousands and thousands of cars to people of any color,  it doesn't matter the color of the person buying the car. Do we match  them up with the transportation need that they were looking for, and  were we able to arrange financing that was affordable to them? You  cannot be in business for 65 years doing it the wrong way.   To impugn the integrity of the automobile people is absolutely beyond  reproach. If you run out of facts, I guess the next thing you have to  go to is discrimination. When we talk this way, it is so divisive, but  that is the platform: Let's divide them, let's try to separate them-- the color of the skin, the shape of their eye, their gender. Let's make  sure that we can make every statement possible to show that there are  bad people out there doing things to other folks and it is only by  discrimination that these things get done.   I will tell you, I am greatly offended as a member of the automobile  industry and as someone who has served thousands of people.   If you think the dealers are that bad, please go to your hometown and  look at the Little League fence and find out whose name is out there.  Look at your high school programs and see who it is that is funding all  these things. Go to any charity and see who is on the list of who takes  care of people.   To sit here today and have to listen to that somehow this is  discriminatory just adds to the fact that when you are out of facts,  when you don't know what you are talking about and what you have never  done--not one of your people have ever been on the floor and--not this  floor. I am talking about the automobile floor. You know an awful lot  about laptops, but you know nothing about blacktop. You get on that  floor, you get on that lot, and you work with people to make sure they  can have affordable transportation--affordable transportation.   Rather than this person trying to arrange financing by himself or  herself, we rely on a dealer, who has great, great heft within the  financial community and to talk to lenders and say, ``We have a great  customer here who is looking to buy a car. We need you to work with us  to get them in this transportation.'' How in the world can you reduce  this down to discrimination?   We are doing the same thing every day that you are doing. We are  trying to make sure that we are making America great every day in every  way. The best way to do that is to stop talking about discrimination  and start talking about the Nation. We are coming together as a people  in spite of what you say.   