 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman and  ranking member for supporting the Small Business Access to Capital and  Efficiency Act, or Small Business ACE Act. I am also grateful to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Evans) for joining as a cosponsor and  for my colleagues on the Small Business Committee for advancing this  bipartisan legislation.   Mr. Speaker, the Small Business ACE Act is critical to reducing  burdensome red tape and regulations that fall so disproportionately on  small business. Small businesses are the lifeblood of our economy  across the country and certainly in my home State of Utah where they  make up over 99 percent of all Utah businesses and contribute two- thirds of all job growth. Without a doubt, the strength of our economy  depends on these small businesses.   Although the economy continues to improve, small businesses and  entrepreneurs often face challenges accessing capital. To assist  creditworthy innovators, the Small Business Administration offers  numerous lending programs, including the 504 loan program. Without  using a single taxpayer dollar, the program has helped many well-known  businesses throughout the United States and Utah.   In the past 20 years, the 504 program has supported over 4,500  entrepreneurs and nearly 64,000 jobs in Utah alone. However, despite  the program's positive status, Federal red tape and conflicting  regulations have hampered its development, weighing it down with  roadblocks and uncertainty. As a result, many small businesses still  have difficulty accessing capital.   The Small Business ACE Act will help fix this by eliminating Federal  regulations burdening the program and harmonizing conflicting real  estate appraisal thresholds that have prevented eligible small  businesses from accessing capital.   I am pleased that my bill has broad support from important  stakeholders, like the National Association of Development Companies,  Mountain West Small Business Finance, and Utah Certified Development  Company, that know better than anyone just how essential the 504 small  business lending program is and how critical it is that we improve it.  By reducing burdens on small businesses, we help ensure not only their  individual success, but the success for our Nation's economy.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to put forth this commonsense legislation,  and I urge my colleagues to support it.   