 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   H.R. 620, the so-called ADA Education and Reform Act of 2017, is an  attack on the civil rights of Americans with disabilities. The  Americans with Disabilities Act, or the ADA, is a civil rights law  passed in 1990 to protect people with disabilities from discrimination  in all aspects of society.   I recognize that the ADA falls within the committee jurisdiction of  the Judiciary Committee, and I am here as the ranking member of the  Committee on Education and the Workforce because, if H.R. 620 were to  become law, it would have a profound effect on students and workers  with disabilities who are trying to learn, work, or just generally  access their community.   Mr. Chair, prior to the ADA, people with disabilities had no recourse  if they faced discrimination in employment, housing, transportation,  health services, or when accessing public schools. The ADA is nearly 28  years old, and yet we still have continued gross noncompliance with the  law.   H.R. 620 specifically targets title III of the ADA regarding access  to public accommodations. Title III prohibits discrimination in public  accommodations such as restaurants, shopping malls, and hotels. By  adding a notice and cure requirement, H.R. 620 shifts the compliance  burden to the victims of discrimination.   H.R. 620 effectively provides that discrimination against people with  disabilities can continue until somebody hires a lawyer to file a legal  complaint of discrimination. Then the bill allows 6 more months to  achieve some undefined substantial progress. So even when people know  they are out of compliance with the ADA, they don't have to do anything  under the bill until somebody files a formal legal complaint.   Mr. Chair, this bill does not help people with disabilities. This is  an attack  [[Page H1186]]  on civil rights. That is why the disability community and civil rights  communities are unanimously opposed to H.R. 620.   There are 236 organizations that joined a letter, led by the  Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities, opposing the bill. More than  500 national and State organizations signed a letter, led by the  National Council on Independent Living, urging Congress to reject the  bill. More than 200 organizations signed a letter, led by The  Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, urging Congress to  reject the bill.   The ADA was enacted to eliminate barriers of discrimination against  people with disabilities. And so I strongly urge each of my colleagues  to stand with people with disabilities: protect civil rights by voting  ``no'' on this bill.   