 Mr. President, I rise today to voice my strong support for  the nomination of Congressman James ``Jim'' Bridenstine to be the next  NASA Administrator. On November 1, 2017, the Senate Commerce, Science,  & Transportation Committee, which I chair, held a confirmation hearing  for Congressman Bridenstine's nomination and reported his nomination  favorably on November 8, 2017, and again on January 18, 2018.   So far, it has been 1 year and nearly 3 months since this important  agency has had a Senate-confirmed Administrator. What is more, NASA's  Acting Administrator, Robert Lightfoot, will retire at the end of this  month. Congressman Bridenstine's vision, experience, and passion for  NASA's vital mission are unquestionable, and I believe that his  leadership will not only serve the agency well, but that his  confirmation will give NASA the leadership it deserves.   Congressman Bridenstine has an extensive record of both military and  public service. In 1998, he began his distinguished military career  serving as an aviator in the U.S. Navy. As an Active Duty pilot in the  Navy, he flew the E-2C Hawkeye off the USS Abraham Lincoln aircraft  carrier and deployed for multiple combat missions in Iraq  [[Page S2238]]  and Afghanistan. While still on Active Duty, he transitioned to the F- 18 Hornet and flew as an ``aggressor'' at the Naval Strike and Air  Warfare ``Top Gun'' Center.   After leaving Active Duty in 2007, Congressman Bridenstine returned  to Tulsa, OK. He continued his military service in the Navy Reserve,  flying counterdrug missions in Central and South America. He is  currently a member of the 137th Special Operations Wing of the Oklahoma  Air National Guard, where he serves at the rank of major.   In 2012, he was elected to the House of Representatives to represent  Oklahoma's First Congressional District.   He currently serves on both the House Armed Services Committee and  the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, where he has  distinguished himself as a leader on space policy.   In spite of Congressman Bridenstine's exceptional military and public  service, some of my colleagues have expressed concerns about his  nomination.   With regard to these concerns, I would note that the Commerce,  Science, & Transportation Committee has received significant bipartisan  support from the space community for Congressman Bridenstine's  nomination. In fact, over 50 space-related leaders and organizations  have submitted letters of support, including Democratic Congressman  Perlmutter, former NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe, and astronaut Buzz  Aldrin.   Beyond the support of this diverse group of stakeholders in the space  community, Congressman Bridenstine also enjoys the support of his  colleagues in the House. On March 20, 2018, more than 60 Members of the  House of Representatives, both Republicans and Democrats, signed a  letter to Senate leadership requesting that Congressman Bridenstine's  nomination move forward in the Senate.   The endorsement of so many stakeholders in the space community and  the endorsement of Congressman Bridenstine's colleagues are reflective  of the truly bipartisan nature of what Congressman Bridenstine would  like to accomplish at NASA. Because of this, I am confident that  Congressman Bridenstine's leadership would serve NASA well.   I urge my colleagues to support his nomination.    Madam President, the title that our colleagues are  complaining about in this bill--the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, or  VIDA--has been introduced in the last five Congresses since 2008,  several times being led by Democrats.   There have been numerous hearings, meetings, and protracted  negotiations regarding VIDA, spanning days, weeks, months, and years.  The bill has been passed out of the Commerce Committee two times this  year and multiple times in the past always by voice vote.   There are 23 cosponsors, including many from the other side of the  aisle--Senators Casey, Nelson, Schatz, McCaskill, Coons, and Shaheen  this year. Other cosponsors of similar past VIDA bills include Senators  Hirono, Markey, Pryor, Warren, Coons, Manchin, and Hagan. There have  been negotiations with committee members and people off the committee.  We have accommodated and accommodated and accommodated so much--I have  bent over backward so many times that I can't hardly stand up  straight--trying to accommodate concerns that people have on this.   Many of the folks speaking against VIDA have been in those  negotiations, very honestly. Some of the friends across the aisle have  extracted concession after concession, only to move the goalpost  whenever we get close.   Here is a list of some of the changes we have agreed to: State  incidental discharge standards remain in place until promulgation of a  final Coast Guard rule, allowing at least 2 years during which all the  current standards remain in place. Both ballast water and incidental  discharge rules will be developed by the Coast Guard in concurrence  with the EPA. We respect the EPA's good work in this area and fully  anticipate that the Agency will be closely involved every step of the  way. States will have the authority to enforce the Federal regulations  regarding ballast water and incidental discharges. States will have the  authority to require that vessel operators provide ballast water  compliance information prior to arrival at a port. States will have the  ability to charge existing and new fees for ballast water and  incidental discharge inspections.   Madam President, this was a bipartisan bill when it was introduced,  and since, we have made numerous changes to accommodate concerns. VIDA  preserves environmental protections and allows commerce to move. It has  gone through extraordinary debate, process, and input from both sides  of the aisle. It is time to pass this bill now.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, let me just  make one correction for the record that my friend, the Democratic  leader, brought up earlier and which has been alluded to by the Senator  from Washington.   The issue was a matter under the jurisdiction of the Commerce  Committee, and for the information of the Senate, this part of the bill  has been introduced as a stand-alone bill. Senate bill 168 was referred  to the Commerce Committee and not the EPW Committee, and the chairman  of the Environment and Public Works Committee agrees with that. So this  argument that somehow this is not under the committee's jurisdiction is  one I would raise as an objection to the request of Senator from  Washington.   Secondly, as I think the Senator from Washington knows, we have  worked tirelessly with every member of our committee on both sides of  the aisle and Members off the committee. Furthermore, I think we have  accommodated every request the Senator from Washington has made on this  bill, and we have involved her in all these discussions. My  understanding was that as a result of that consultation and those  discussions on the bill, she was going to vote in favor of the bill.   Now what she wants to do is take out those pieces of a very carefully  negotiated bill that she doesn't like and pass just the provisions that  she likes. It would be great if, here in the U.S. Senate, we could all  do that. But that doesn't happen around here.   We carefully negotiated this, with great input from the Senator from  Washington, and it was my understanding that the Senator from  Washington was going to vote for this package. I object to picking out  the pieces  [[Page S2251]]  that we like and not working with the collaborative process that has  involved both Republicans and Democrats, both on the committee and off  the committee, to bring a bill to the floor that enjoyed 65 votes in  support until this afternoon. Politics is being played here--pure and  simple, nothing more, nothing less, nothing else.   I object to the Senator's request.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I would  simply say this is peeling out pieces of the bill that one Senator in  this Chamber likes and basically telling every other Senator on both  sides of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats who negotiated this, to  go pound sand: We don't like the provisions that have been negotiated  on both sides, very carefully, over months.   I might add, this bill has been introduced and dealt with at the  committee level during five different Congresses--five different  Congresses. This year, it has passed not once, but twice, out of the  Senate Commerce Committee by a voice vote.   It seems to me, at least, that even after it came out of the  committee, the fact that we negotiated this with the Senator from  Washington and multiple Senators on the other side of the aisle, both  on and off the committee, to come up with a balanced package that  enjoyed broad bipartisan support--65 votes--until this afternoon,  suggests to me this is purely politics being played with this  legislation.   This is an important bill. This is the Coast Guard. This is VIDA.  VIDA was referred to the Commerce Committee by the Parliamentarian. We  have worked with the Commerce Committee; we have worked with the EPW  Committee; we have worked with the EPA. The EPA is supporting the  solution. This is not the political-level EPA; these are the career  folks at the EPA who support the solution we have come up with. Yet we  run into these objections that are all of a sudden--all of a sudden-- coming up out of thin air.   So, Mr. President, I object.   