 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I offer a simple amendment today to  increase funding for DOE's Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy's  facilities and infrastructure account by $5 million.   Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member of  the Energy and Water Subcommittee for their support of the facilities  account over the last few years.   As Chairman Hultgren knows, I represent Golden, Colorado, and the  National Renewable Energy Laboratory. NREL is the premier energy  efficiency and renewable energy lab in the world. For more than 40  years, NREL has led the charge in research and design of renewable  energy products affecting the way we utilize and secure American  energy. Labs like NREL are working to bring life-changing technological  innovations to the market so we can better power our Nation and reduce  costs for our customers.   The facilities account supports NREL by funding operation of the  Energy Systems Integration Facility, general operations, safety and  security of the lab, as well as maintenance and replacement of  infrastructure and equipment at NREL. This is the account that enables  NREL to focus its research dollars directly into new research and  technologies.   The bill in front of us today makes significant investments in  infrastructure and equipment at many of DOE's other 16 national labs,  including through the Office of Science. NREL has those same needs for  modest investments in new equipment to stay on the cutting-edge and  avoid losing American leadership in materials, research, high- performance computer modeling, and more.   Congress has supported DOE's national labs and science activities  very well in the last 2 years, yet EERE's facilities account has  remained flat.   This $5 million increase is needed this year to fund a growing list  of equipment and maintenance needs at NREL, and I urge all of my  colleagues to support this amendment.   It takes $5 million from the administration account and adds $5  million to the facilities account.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this  amendment.   The facilities account at NREL has been held flat. We need to boost  and improve some of the equipment there. So I think this is a needed  amendment, and I would ask for an ``aye'' vote.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   