 Mr. President, a number of us are here today with a  very simple, straightforward demand. We must act now to pass a Dream  Act. Very simply, the honor and integrity of this Chamber are at stake.   The young people who would be covered under the Dream Act are  Americans in all but name. They came here as children. They grew up as  Americans. They go to our schools, serve in our military, and support  our economy. They work hard and they give back and they believe in the  American dream. Deporting Dreamers would be cruel and irrational,  inhumane, and, very simply, repugnant to basic American values.   Just think of Jonathan Gonzalez-Cruz. He is a college student at  Southern Connecticut State University. I had the privilege of meeting  him in December. His story has stuck with me. His story haunts me when  I think of the moral imperative of this Nation to pass the Dream Act.   Jonathan was born in Mexico. He came to this country when he was just  4 years old. The United States is home for him. It is the only country  he has ever known. He received a full scholarship to attend Southern  Connecticut  [[Page S133]]  State University, and he is set to graduate this spring with an honors  degree in economics and math.   His dream is to attend law school, but due to the uncertainty  surrounding DACA, he has decided to delay applying, knowing he will be  unable to receive scholarships without his DACA status. He could  attend, but he can't pay for it with scholarships unless he has that  DACA status.   Jonathan first became compelled to speak up and tell his story after  his father was deported, and they were unable to even say goodbye.  Despite his own struggles, Jonathan is a passionate advocate for his  community, and he actively works for Connecticut Students for a Dream.  That organization, Connecticut Students for a Dream, is a group of  students who help empower and advocate on behalf of other undocumented  students. In fact, today, Jonathan is in DC to help ensure that the  voices of students are, in fact, heard. Jonathan is a volunteer peer  mentor through that organization because he is so passionate about  raising graduation rates and ensuring that all students like himself  have the support they need to succeed.   During his senior year, Jonathan has been interning at an immigration  law firm, and he is glad to be helping others gain legal status in this  country. The irony is not lost on him--and should not be lost on us-- that he, himself, could face deportation this year. If Jonathan is not  permitted to stay--if Congress does not act and he loses his DACA  protection--Connecticut and this Nation will be the losers. Connecticut  and this Nation will lose an educated and compassionate public service- minded individual who gives back to his community, to his fellow  students, and to our State. He is just one example of the estimated  10,000 like him in Connecticut--and at least 700,000 around the  country--who could lose their status in March if Congress fails to act  now.   Very simply, we have an obligation to do our job and provide  permanent status and a path to citizenship for the Dreamers. The  hopeful news is, there is broad bipartisan support for affording the  Dreamers protection against mass, draconian deportation. Our challenge  is to make sure that what we do here reflects that broad bipartisan  support in this Chamber and around the country because America knows it  has made a promise. It made a promise to those Dreamers, and great  countries do not break promises.   Last night, a Federal district court issued a preliminary injunction  ordering DHS--the Department of Homeland Security--to resume accepting  renewal applications. Once again, the courts have served as a bulwark  for basic rights under rule of law, but this reprieve is no final  remedy. We must redouble our determination to protect these young  people from draconian, mass deportation--a continuing threat as long as  President Trump refuses to reverse his cruel, unconscionable policy.   A Federal judge has struck down President Trump's order as  unconstitutional, but a Dream Act is no less necessary today than it  was yesterday. Congress should waste no time in swiftly passing clean  legislation--a clean Dream Act to protect these young people.   When DACA was adopted in 2012, it changed the lives of young people  like Jonathan. It opened new vistas. It provided Dreamers with the  opportunity to get driver's licenses, to attend college, to become  productive members of our economy.    Importantly, when DACA was adopted, we made that promise to these  young people. We promised that if they came forward and provided the  United States of America with information, some of the most personal  information any of us have--information about their addresses,  employment, dates of birth, their families--we would not use that  information against them. They had a place here under DACA. They had  rights--moral, if not legal. That promise is now about to be broken.   Great countries keep those promises. The United States is the  greatest country in the history of the world. It should not be breaking  promises to innocent young men and women who know only this country,  who believe in the American dream, who believe in America's promises,  who believed those promises when they offered that information and now  are relying on the good faith of America. The rescission of DACA  threatens to tear apart families, destroy lives, create disarray, and  derail futures. We are a country that is better than this rescission.  We are a country that keeps promises, and Congress must now act to  protect these young people.   DACA protections are set to expire in 2 months. Already, tens of  thousands of DACA recipients are estimated to have lost their  protection from removal. The longer Congress takes to act, the longer  these young people, who were promised the American dream, continue with  anguish, with targets on their backs.   Continued waiting means instability to the job market because  companies are forced to hire replacements for DACA recipients and train  new workers in anticipation of the March deadline. It could mean a  massive ejection of qualified, hard-working people vital to our  economy.   This kind of massive deportation by plane, by boat, by car, by foot  would be unprecedented. We have never seen anything like it before. As  I have said repeatedly, this kind of mass, draconian deportation would  be a humanitarian nightmare, a betrayal of America.   If Congress fails to pass the Dream Act, we will lose nearly $500  billion over the next 10 years. Let me repeat. We will lose $500  billion over the next 10 years. We will lose $25 billion in Medicare  and Social Security taxes alone. In my home State of Connecticut, we  stand to lose $300 million in economic benefits a year.   Now is the time to abandon the myth that the Dreamers work on the  sidelines of American society. They are part of the fabric of this  Nation. Their lives are woven into the great tapestry of America. They  drive our economy. They give back to our communities.   The administration has thrown a ticking time bomb into their lives,  but it is also a ticking time bomb in this Chamber. We have the power  to defuse it. In doing so, we can give hope to hundreds of thousands of  members of our society and reaffirm the greatness of our country. At  stake is nothing less than the character of our country, and that is  why there is such bipartisan support for the Dream Act, as evidenced  yesterday in the Cabinet Room when the President met with Members of  the Congress on both sides of the aisle.   In the Dreamers, we see ourselves. We see relatives who came to this  country years ago, many of them as teenagers. My father fled Germany at  17 years old with nothing more than the shirt on his back, speaking no  English, knowing virtually no one here. Like him, they believe in  America's promise, America's dream, and we should believe in the  Dreamers.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll.   The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.   