 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from New York (Mr. Zeldin)  for his leadership in this House on this important topic and for his  voice that carries across all freedom-loving people about the  relationship that we are trying to have with Iran; on the failures of  the Iranian nuclear deal and why it is a bad deal for America and for  our allies; why it has put the American people at risk and our security  at risk, particularly for not only our country, but our allies, and,  particularly, our ally Israel.   This deal has major flaws that have been noted over the past couple  of years, including the sunset provisions, which never should have been  included, and zero monitoring of the Iranian military or the Islamic  Revolutionary Guard Corps sites.   It allowed continued research and development on advanced centrifuges  for the Iranian nuclear program, and it didn't prohibit, Mr. Speaker,  any ballistic missile technology. In fact, when Secretary Kerry was  negotiating this deal, Iranian representatives traveled to Moscow, no  doubt to attempt to acquire ballistic missile technology.   My concerns are shared, Mr. Speaker, by a large bipartisan group in  the House, and I recall the votes in the Senate to disapprove this  deal. These procedural votes in the Senate demonstrated that the  nuclear deal negotiated by Mr. Kerry and Mr. Obama was well short of  the treaty approval level--that is, two-thirds of the Senate--which  would have been necessary had the Obama administration actually  attempted to submit the JCPOA as a treaty.   Without decertification, this deal allowed Iran to head in the same  direction as North Korea, and I support the President in his decision  to decertify the Iran nuclear deal.   Mr. Speaker, I pledge to work with my colleagues in the House like  Mr. Barr from Kentucky, who chairs our Subcommittee on Monetary Policy  and Trade on sanctions; my colleague Mr. Zeldin on the Financial  Services Committee; as well as our colleagues on the Foreign Affairs  Committee who will support policies that will target Iran's terror  financing, its missile technology, its violations of human rights, and,  certainly, the topic of the night, its nuclear program.   It is well documented by the U.S. Department of State in multiple  administrations that Iran is the world's number one state sponsor of  terrorism. They have a history of arresting American citizens and  citizens of other Western countries with no chance of a fair trial.   We must not forget the people of Iran who are living under the  oppression of this extremist Islamic regime that is a persistent  violator of human rights and religious freedom. Recently, just in May,  the regime arrested a 19-year-old Iranian girl for posting on Instagram  a video of herself dancing in her own room. Dancing.   I stand here tonight with the people of Iran and support their  peaceful protests against the oppressive and corrupt mullahs in Tehran.  The House took an important step earlier this year by passing a  resolution in support of the Iranian people.   Today, Iran's economy is on the brink of collapse.   What happened to the $150 billion in freed financial assets that was  unfrozen on day one in the Iranian deal? There was no quid pro quo on  that. Those funds were freed, Mr. Speaker, on day one, whether Iran  complied with the long-term aspects of the agreement or not.   What happened to the $1.7 billion, pallets of currency that were  delivered to the mullahs by the Obama administration in the middle of  the night at the Geneva airport? Where is that money for the Iranian  people? It is not hard to guess where it went or who has it, which is  why we passed Congressman Bruce Poliquin's bill, the Iranian Leadership  Asset Transparency Act, a commonsense measure that will let the people  of Iran see what the regime is doing with those billions, and what has  happened to them since Iran got the money back.   I call on the Senate to pass this bill so that we can show the world  how corrupt the regime is. Today, Mr. Speaker, the Iranian currency  compared to the U.S. dollar is over 40,000 to 1. On the eve of the  Islam Republic, it was 70 to 1.   The Iranian people have borne the brunt of 35 years of corruption and  terror, and I stand with them tonight, and I stand against the failures  of the deal that we ar talking about.    At this critical moment in Iran's history, I stand on the floor of  the American people's House, and the Iranian people are in the streets,  not chanting ``death to America,'' Mr. Speaker, but marching for the  same endowed freedoms that we enjoy here every day: life, liberty, and  the pursuit of happiness.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Zeldin for hosting this Special Order and  for giving Members the opportunity to participate and highlight the  flaws of this failed nuclear deal, the importance of why  decertification works, and the corruption and the brutality of the  Iranian mullahs.   