 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, before the Senate today is the question of  whether we will continue to have free and open access to the internet  in the United States of America.   Every day, millions of Americans log on. They rely on the internet to  help their child with his or her homework assignment, help a father  video call his mother, who may live three States away, or help a small  business woman make a sale to a customer halfway across the world.   Currently, the people who use the internet in the United States and  others like them are free to enjoy the internet as they wish. When you  logged on this morning, you had the same access to the internet as  every other American. There is no fear that some internet provider is  going to step in and say: Wait a minute. We are going to slow down your  service until you pay us more money or limit your access to certain  apps and information based on whether you pay an additional fee. What a  contrast that is to things like cable television. What package did you  buy? How many channels are in there? How much access do you have? Are  you going to pay the bill again next month? That is quite a bit  different, isn't it, from our access to the internet?   Currently, users around the country are enjoying free access to an  open and neutral internet, but that is all about to change. It is about  to change because this new President and his new head of the Federal  Communications Commission believe that our access to the internet  should be for sale. In fact, this administration thinks everything  ought to be for sale--public lands, our privacy, and in this case, our  unfettered pathway to information.   Thanks to the leadership of Ed Markey of Massachusetts and many of my  colleagues, we come today to discuss this fundamental issue. This is a  rare day in the Senate. We are actually discussing an issue of  substance on the floor. I welcome the visitors for this historic  moment. We are preparing to vote tomorrow on whether the decision of  the Trump administration's Federal Communications Commission, which  ends net neutrality, is going to succeed or fail.   Luckily, we were joined by at least one Republican--I didn't look at  the final rollcall--to move us forward in this debate. All the  Democrats and at least one Republican voted for this, and we prevailed.  Tomorrow, we hope to do the same. We hope it will be done on a  bipartisan basis as well.   Follow this debate because my guess is that it is going to impact you  and your life. If the Trump administration and the Federal  Communications Commission have their way, they are going to change our  access to the internet for every single family, every single business,  every single doctor--the list goes on.   In December, the FCC voted to put the needs of companies ahead of  consumers and to undo net neutrality in the United States. This great  party on the other side of the aisle who talks about freedom--we want  Americans to have freedom--wants to take away our freedom for access to  the internet. Why? So somebody can buy parts of it and sell them back  to us.   Under their new plan, the FCC would allow companies to freely block  or slow down any American's access to websites based on the company's  financial interests and would allow paid prioritization practices which  create internet fast lanes and slow lanes based on who can afford to  pay more for the service. What a change that is from what we have  today.   Everyone has a favorite website they visit every day. In the morning,  I race in here and get to the newspapers in Illinois, for example, to  see what is going on in my home State. Well, what if one  [[Page S2706]]  day you typed in the address of that newspaper and nothing popped up or  you were able to visit it, but it took twice as long to download it?   Remember those days when you used to deal with dial-up? Some of the  young people in the Chamber are probably scratching their head and  asking: What is dial-up all about? Well, those days did exist, and it  was a much different world in the internet, which we could return to  because of that FCC decision. This could be the reality under the Trump  administration's Federal Communications Commission.   For internet providers, this means they can discriminate against  specific content on the internet and be free to do so in the name of  competition. For consumers, it means less service and higher costs. For  entrepreneurs and small businesses, there is also a risk.   I had a meeting this morning with the Illinois Realtors. There were  about 20 of them gathered in the hallway. I was in a committee hearing.   They said: The first item on our agenda is net neutrality.   I said: Realtors and net neutrality? Explain.   They said: Well, people are now looking for their homes on the  internet. Perspective purchasers of homes do video tours of all of  these different homes. We want our customers to have access to the  internet so they can go shopping for their next home. We think it is  good for American business.   So do I--but not the Federal Communications Commission. They  disagree.   The internet has given the businesses not only access to customers  but a global reach and ability to compete with companies large and  small. Success isn't determined on how rich your business is. It is how  good your product is. If our country wants to grow its economy and  continue to lead the world in innovation, we cannot allow the internet  to become a place where businesses impose a pay-to-play scenario.   I can't understand how the other party--this party of individualism  and freedom--wants to take this freedom away from the American people.   If the FCC's harmful new plan is allowed to take effect, consumers,  businesses, and hard-working families will be hurt. It is no wonder  that public support for net neutrality is overwhelming. America gets  it. The Federal Communications Commission and the President may not,  but America understands this. All over the country, students, teachers,  businesses, individuals, and families, are all making their voices  heard, and I encourage them to continue to do so.   We need more Republicans to stand up for your freedom. We need more  Republican Senators to join us in what should be a strong, bipartisan  effort.   The Federal Communications Commission has announced that its radical  plan to end net neutrality will take effect next month--next month-- unless Congress stops it.   We are starting today with this vote in the Senate. We will finish it  tomorrow. Then, if we are successful, it goes across the Rotunda to the  House. If they do nothing, your right to the internet is going to be  destroyed.   Today every Senator will have a chance to tell their constituents  exactly where they stood on this issue of personal freedom--whether  content on the internet should be treated equally and consumer access  be a matter of how much you can pay. I think the answer is obvious, and  so do the overwhelming majority of Americans.   Will the Republican Party please join us in a bipartisan effort to  stand up for something that Americans across the board support?   I urge my colleagues to support the concept of net neutrality and the  CRA resolution before the Senate.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth)  is necessarily absent.  [[Page S2710]]    