 Mr. President, I want to associate myself with the  remarks of the distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee, a  committee I feel very privileged to serve on with our distinguished  chairman. He has a message that I think should be required reading for  everybody on this side, and more especially on the other side, and I  really appreciate his remarks and his leadership.    Mr. President, I want to speak today on the confirmation  of Mr. Gregg Doud, the President's nominee for the Chief Agricultural  Negotiator at the Office of the United States Trade Representative. In  the Senate, we often say, or I hope we often say, that we are only as  good as our staff. I have been blessed with the very best. Gregg is one  example of why that is true.   Gregg served as senior professional staff on the Senate Agriculture  Committee for me during my time as ranking member, 2011 through 2013.  We like to say in Kansas that congressional staff are bucket toters.  During those few years, we toted a lot of buckets together.   From the early days of the supercommittee and sequestration, multiple  iterations of farm bills, animal disease scares, and the oversight of  the MF Global mess, or situation, Gregg handled everything that was  thrown at him--and all while wearing his cowboy boots with the pointed  toes. Capitol Hill certainly isn't where Gregg started cutting his  teeth in agriculture.   He hails from Mankato, KS, where he was raised on a dryland wheat,  grain sorghum, soybean, swine, and cow-calf operation. Talk about  diversified agriculture. He attended my alma mater, Kansas State  University, home of the ever-fighting and always optimistic Wildcats.  Good luck to them tonight.   Just last September, Gregg was back in Manhattan, KS, where he was  honored as the 2017 Kansas State University Department of Agriculture  Economics Distinguished Alumni Award.   From K-State, Gregg went on to work for the U.S. Wheat Associates,  which is tasked with developing markets for U.S. wheat all around the  world. Eventually, he became the chief economist for the National  Cattlemen's Beef Association.   One of the very first trials that Gregg faced at NCBA was ``the cow  that stole Christmas,'' when just before Christmas, in 2003, a case of  mad cow disease was confirmed in the United States, resulting in a  devastating blow to U.S. beef exports.   Gregg worked on behalf of the beef industry with the U.S. Trade  Representative, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and the State  Department to rebuild the reputation and reliability of U.S. beef  exports. Kansas currently ranks as the third highest U.S. State  exporter of beef to the global market.   U.S. trade policy has been a very hot topic in the last year, and it  is one that Gregg certainly experienced and is well-versed. He served  as a ``cleared advisor'' and later chairman of the USDA/USTR Animal and  Animal Products Agriculture Trade Advisory Committee. It is a lot of  words but a very important committee. It was during the negotiations of  a variety of trade agreements, including Australia, Bahrain, Colombia,  CAFTA, South Korea, Morocco, Panama, and Peru. Obviously, he has been  everywhere.   Gregg's background and experience give him a leg up in the challenge  of serving as the Chief Agriculture Negotiator at USTR. He understands  what trade means to the agriculture industry, and he has the experience  to help maintain U.S. agriculture's role as a reliable supplier around  the world. It is certainly a big challenge today.   At a time when the agriculture economy is in a rough patch--fourth  year of prices below the cost of production pretty much across the  board, all across the country--and commodity prices still falling,  farmers and ranchers now depend on trade more than ever. We need  continued focus on exporting not just what we make but also what we  grow. Let me repeat that. We need to export not just what we make-- there is a lot of focus on that with regard to trade policy now coming  out of the White House and this administration--but also what we grow.   Kansas farmers and ranchers work hard. On a regular basis, they have  to make sacrifices to overcome the weather, overcome obstacles, and  make commonsense decisions that have significant consequences. That is  why I know Gregg will be successful in the job of Chief Agricultural  Negotiator. He is a Kansas cowboy who knows how to roll up his sleeves  and certainly get things done.   Gregg understands why strong trading relationships are absolutely  critical to agriculture. I am glad he is at the USTR, where he can get  to work with Ambassador Bob Lighthizer and lead the charge in advancing  the U.S. trade agenda. Along with partners at the Department of  Agriculture--like our champion there, Secretary Sonny Perdue--and the  Undersecretary for Trade and Foreign Agriculture Affairs, Ted McKinney,  Gregg will ensure that agriculture has a seat at the table and that our  farmers and ranchers are being heard.   The U.S. agriculture industry has worked long and hard to increase  our competitiveness and markets around the world, but their work is  never finished, and they cannot do it alone. I know that with Gregg  riding point, the voices of the hard-working farmer and rancher will be  well represented all around the world.   Congratulations to you, Gregg, on your confirmation as the Chief  Agricultural Negotiator at the USTR. I look forward to continuing to  work with you on behalf of U.S. ag.   One more admonition, one more piece of advice. When you are riding  point, just make sure you look over your shoulder once in a while to  see if the herd is still there, and if it isn't, don't worry about it,  we have your back.   I yield my time.   After careful inspection, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   