 Mr. President, I would like to thank Senator Hatch for his  leadership on intellectual property issues throughout his distinguished  career in the Senate. I was pleased to join him in securing the passage  of the Defend Trade Secrets Act in the last Congress, which established  a Federal civil right of action to protect this valuable form of  intellectual property.   Likewise, I am pleased to join Senator Hatch as a cosponsor on the  Music Modernization Act. This important piece of legislation will bring  much-needed transparency and efficiency to the music marketplace and  more fairly compensate songwriters for their valuable creative work. I  note that there are some outstanding issues in the latter part of the  bill that remain to be resolved with broadcasters and other  [[Page S505]]  music licensees. Senator Hatch has indicated to me that he intends to  work through these issues as the bill moves from introduction to markup  so that we can have the broadest consensus possible for this  legislation. I thank Senator Hatch for this commitment and commend him  for his leadership on ensuring that the copyright laws stay apace with  evolving technology.    Mr. President, I would like to thank Senator Hatch for his  leadership on intellectual property issues throughout his distinguished  career in the Senate. I was pleased to join him in securing the passage  of the Defend Trade Secrets Act in the last Congress, which established  a Federal civil right of action to protect this valuable form of  intellectual property.   Likewise, I am pleased to join Senator Hatch as a cosponsor on the  Music Modernization Act. This important piece of legislation will bring  much-needed transparency and efficiency to the music marketplace and  more fairly compensate songwriters for their valuable creative work. I  note that there are some outstanding issues in the latter part of the  bill that remain to be resolved with broadcasters and other  [[Page S505]]  music licensees. Senator Hatch has indicated to me that he intends to  work through these issues as the bill moves from introduction to markup  so that we can have the broadest consensus possible for this  legislation. I thank Senator Hatch for this commitment and commend him  for his leadership on ensuring that the copyright laws stay apace with  evolving technology.   