 Mr. President, let me thank my colleague from Tennessee.  He is my friend. We have worked together on a lot of things, and I  respect him very much. We have done some good things in areas like  medical research and other very important issues.   Let me say at the outset that he and I are of the same mind when it  comes to the future of the U.S. Senate. We have seen better days in  this Chamber. In the past year, I don't believe we have had one honest,  open debate with amendments on the floor--not one. We maybe got close  on a couple, but not like we remember it, when it was an open process  and Members brought their best ideas to the floor and the Senate  decided things, debated and decided things. We have lost that. I tell  new Democratic colleagues: God, you would have loved the old Senate. It  was a great place. What you see today is a shell of what it used to be.   The second thing I would like to say is that I maybe have an old- fashioned view of these things, but it is one I feel very strongly  about. I do not have the right to pass anything on the floor of the  Senate. I have the right to offer a measure on the floor of the Senate,  to make my best argument, to convince my colleagues that it is the  right way to go, and to ask for a fair vote on the outcome. That is  what I have a right to do as a Senator.   I have seen colleagues--and I would bet the Senator from Tennessee  has too--in the past who say: I want to offer my amendment, and I want  it to pass. Well, good. Good luck to you. Bring it to the floor, and do  your best.   As intensely as I feel about this issue when it comes to Dreamers and  DACA, I am not entitled to anything. All I am entitled to do is to  offer to the Senate what I consider to be the best, most reasonable  approach to solve the problem, and that is what I am looking for.   I thank the Senator from Tennessee for the litany he produced of  things that we are close to solving. That is a significant list when we  consider the paucity of our performance over the last--I won't go into  specifics--over a period of time. If we could do those five things that  my friend mentioned, it would be significant in restoring the  confidence of the American people in what this institution can be.   I think there is one element here that is critical. If the Republican  leader would come to the floor within the next hour and say: All right,  I am going to allow those who have an opinion or a view or an amendment  on the issue of Dreamers and immigration an opportunity to offer that  on the floor starting tomorrow--we will start the debate on Monday or  Tuesday, whenever it might be--and we will put that work product that  comes from that--which would require 60 votes--put that work product  into the package of five that you mentioned--caps, health insurance,  clinics, the great work the Senator from Tennessee has done with  Senator Murray on healthcare--then we would know we have done our job  as a Senate. We send that measure to the House, understanding that we  have to get these things done, and here is the Senate offering.   What troubles me is that we seem to be waiting for a permission slip  from others--in the Senate. When did this start? When I was over in the  House, spending most of my time loathing the Senate and what it did to  the great House ideas, they didn't wait on us, they led. They did what  they thought was right.   Now we are in a situation where we are facing this shutdown-- something that I didn't come to Congress to deal with and never hoped I  would be part of. We ought to cure this and solve it as quickly as  possible, and we can.   There are several problems we have. Let's face it. This President, at  this point, is impossible to negotiate with. It is impossible. On  January 9, I sat next to this President, at his suggestion, in the  Cabinet Room of the White House. He referred to me by my first name,  and I was flattered, I guess, because it was only the fourth time we  [[Page S363]]  had ever spoken to one another. We talked about this issue involving  immigration. It was a good meeting. It was a surprising meeting because  it was televised. The American people got to see it. For 55 minutes, we  were there, with the President leading us in a discussion.   He was very clear in what he said. I recall what he said. You send me  a bill, and I will sign it, he said. I will take the heat. You send me  a bill, and I will sign it.   He went on to say: Why is this taking so much time? We ought to do  this quickly. You want a room here in the White House, he said to  leaders, to sit down and write this thing? Let's get it done.   So he was looking for bipartisanship, he was looking for a sense of  urgency, and he was willing to accept the verdict of Congress on this.   Within 48 hours, Senator Lindsey Graham and I produced exactly what  he asked for--at least we thought we did--and he totally rejected it.  So on January 11, Thursday, President Trump was a heck of a lot  different from the January 9, Tuesday, President Trump. I just threw up  my hands. After 4 months of working on a bipartisan measure, he rejects  it out of hand.   We can't wait for an approval stamp from the White House to do our  work here. We shouldn't anymore. I heard the Republican leader, Senator  McConnell, say: We need to know what President Trump wants to do on  this. Please. We can't wait long enough for that to happen, and we  shouldn't continue this situation--waiting on something that is not  likely to ever occur.   I would just appeal to my friend from Tennessee: Let's keep this  conversation alive. Let's not get back to it on Monday or Tuesday;  let's do something today. Let's push this forward, as we tried to last  night. That, to me, is the only way to move forward.   The Senator from Tennessee is in a strong position. The Republicans  are in control of the House, the Senate, and the Presidency. We are in  a position that is much weaker politically. But I think if we go at  this in good faith, and if we use commonsense, and if we look for  common ground, we can get something done. I really believe it.    I am not entitled to pass an amendment; I am entitled to offer an  amendment. That is the way I see it. I am prepared to do that and ask  my Republican friends--and you have been kind enough to express your  support for some parts of what we have offered--to come forward. If you  have a better idea, bring it to the floor. Let's do this. But let's not  languish in this situation with a government shutdown and no  conversation and no dialogue taking place.   At this point, the President could solve this problem. He could have  solved it yesterday with Senator Schumer when he invited him to the  White House. Senator Schumer came back and briefed me on the  conversation, and I will tell you, I was amazed. I thought, this is it.  We finally found the solution with the President. Within 2 hours,  President Trump walked away completely from what he had said to Senator  Schumer over lunch. In 2 hours, he completely reversed his position.  That is why this shutdown really has his fingerprints on it. As the  sign says, this President said, and I can't imagine why, but what he  said was that our country needs a good shutdown. It doesn't. There are  no good shutdowns. There are those that are necessary, I guess, for a  moment, but for goodness' sake, we ought to be solving problems and  making this government work and moving forward. I am prepared to do  that.   There are so many elements that the Senator from Tennessee just  described that I think are so important. I can't tell you what the CHIP  program means to all of us. I hope it means the same to the other side.  I will just add that most of the services in my State that are provided  by CHIP are provided in community healthcare clinics, so we have to  make sure we authorize those and fund them properly if we truly want to  serve the children of this country.   And, please, you and I are both on the Appropriations Committee;  wouldn't it be great if that were the committee we remember? Wouldn't  it be great? I know the Senator from Vermont behind me here is our  ranking Democrat on that committee. I was always proud to be on the  Appropriations Committee, but now it is just a faint glimmer in the eye  of someone of what it might have been. We don't produce appropriations  bills. We don't have the kinds of votes on the floor that we used to  have, exciting moments with open appropriations bills where we honestly  debated the goodness or the shortcomings of different programs of our  government and whether to fund them. We don't do that anymore. We do it  in the quiet with staff in our committee rooms instead.   There is a lot that needs to be done in the Senate. Can we use this  moment, this challenging moment of this shutdown, to not only put this  behind us but to really move forward in restoring this institution to  something we can be proud of and the American people can be proud of as  well? I think we can, and I know the Senator from Tennessee could be a  constructive part of it because he always has been.   I stand ready to work with the Senator from Tennessee on a bipartisan  basis to address this issue, and the sooner the better.   I yield the floor.   