 Mr. President, my colleagues have spoken eloquently about  the weaknesses of the supposed new Clean Power Plan, which is anything  but. I wish to speak a minute about why this is such a detrimental idea  for the country but also for my State.   Let's put it in very stark terms. Even by the terms of the new plan  that has been announced, the original Clean Power Plan would have  reduced carbon emissions by 30 percent, CO2 by 30 percent,  and the new plan by about 1 percent. That may be being generous.   We have clean air and water in Maine, but pollution knows no  boundaries. That is one of the problems with this plan. It essentially  leaves up to each State how to regulate the plants within its borders.  That is a good idea, except the pollution from these plants does not  stay within those borders.   This is a representation of the way air moves in the Northeast part  of the United States. What you can see is, the arrows are coming up  over Massachusetts, the Gulf of Maine, and then into Maine, west  through Vermont, New Hampshire into Maine, through Quebec, and back  into Maine. We are literally the end of the country's tailpipe.  Therefore, anything that weakens pollution controls to our west or  south or, indeed, north is a direct harm to my people. That is why I  think this plan is so ill-conceived and will not achieve meaningful  results. By its own terms, we will see more deaths as a result of this  plan. In the data that has been submitted with the plan, they admit  deaths will increase.   In my State of Maine, we already have higher than average asthma  rates. This will only exacerbate that. What this plan is doing,  essentially, is extending the life of dirty polluting plants and  shortening the life of real people. I don't think that is the direction  we should be moving in. I think this body should correct that, and I  believe this is important to the country, to the region, and  particularly to the State I represent.   The word ``clean'' should not be in this plan because that is not  what it does. A Clean Power Plan should do what it says it is. It  should improve the environment. It should improve the air for the  people of this country, not make them worse, which is what this plan  would do.   Mr. President, I yield the floor to my colleague from Maryland.   