 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I rise in support of the Economic  Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act which is being  considered on the Senate floor for this week. As a member of the Senate  Banking Committee, I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this  important legislation which will provide much needed regulatory relief  to our community banks and credit unions whose ability to serve their  customers has been made more difficult since the passage of the Dodd- Frank Act.   Enacted in 2010, Dodd-Frank was an overreaction to the 2008 financial  crisis. Rather than actually addressing the underlying issues that  caused the financial crisis, Dodd-Frank created a massive new  bureaucracy and saddled our financial institutions with burdensome and  onerous new regulations. It is 2,300 pages in length and created more  than 400 new rulemakings, which led to 27,000 new Federal mandates on  American businesses. This limits the ability of our financial  institutions to grow and serve their customers, especially for smaller  banks in rural areas such as in my home State of South Dakota.   Just last summer, the U.S. Department of Treasury reported that the  regulatory burdens of Dodd-Frank have reduced economic growth and  ``undermined the ability of banks to deliver attractively priced credit  in sufficient quantity to meet the needs of the economy.''   Without question, no one wants to repeat the events that contributed  to the economic recession that began in 2008. We are only now beginning  to lift out of that nearly decade-long economic slump, thanks to the  tax relief law and President Trump's focus on regulatory reform.   Just in the last year, we have enacted historic tax reform, we have  undone burdensome and unnecessary regulations at a record pace, and we  are restoring the American people's confidence at levels not seen in  decades, but we must do more, which is why our bipartisan legislation  is so important.   Making sure American families and businesses have access to credit  when they need it is critical as we work to grow our economy and create  jobs. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection  Act will strengthen America's financial system and expand economic  opportunities across the entire country, especially in rural areas  which are often the most underserved.   Of the many fatal flaws of Dodd-Frank, perhaps most damaging was its  one-size-fits-all approach. By taking a one-size-fits-all approach,  Dodd-Frank imposed disproportionate compliance costs on our smaller  community banks and credit unions, especially given the improbability  that these smaller institutions pose a significant risk to our  financial system. This type of approach is particularly harmful to our  smaller financial institutions which are so vital to our communities.   With more than 6,500 community banks throughout the country  supporting even the remotest areas, we must make certain we are helping  and not hindering their ability to serve their communities.   Almost half of small businesses, which we all know are the drivers of  job creation and economic growth in America, are supported by small  community banks. Providing these institutions with regulatory relief is  critical, which is what our legislation does.   Let me go through some of the highlights, which include seven  provisions or bills I introduced. It includes the Home Mortgage  Disclosure Adjustment Act, which I introduced with Senator Heitkamp  earlier this year, and will provide small banks and credit unions with  data reporting relief.  [[Page S1414]]    We also provide relief from Dodd-Frank capital rules that allow banks  to count high-quality municipal bonds toward capital requirements,  providing help to both banks and local units of government that issue  that debt. In other words, those banks can now make a market for those  municipal bonds once again.   Our legislation also streamlines Federal rules to help small, local  Federal savings associations, known as FSA's or thrifts, expand their  ability to offer loans to more families and businesses without going  through a costly charter conversion process.   It also includes parts of the Community Bank Access to Capital Act,  which would free small banks from having to complete arduous and  expensive tests which are already mandated by Dodd-Frank, and it makes  it easier for banks with less than $3 billion in assets to raise  capital and grow.   I am also pleased it includes my provision to protect the credit of  our Nation's veterans, so veterans waiting on delayed payments from the  VA Choice Program cannot lose their credit ratings because of it. It is  a sad commentary when you have to make a law in the financial  institutions section of the code to take care of veterans because the  VA cannot pay their bills on time.   It also protects seniors by removing liability for financial services  institutions and professionals reporting suspected fraud of senior  citizens to the authorities. We also provide relief to small public  housing agencies by reducing regulatory burdens on and increasing  flexibility for these entities.   This bill also provides rural appraisal relief for cases when buyers  have trouble finding a qualified appraiser. The reason for this is  because if you want to get a home loan, one of the requirements under  Dodd-Frank is that you have to have a qualified appraiser actually  appraise the home, regardless of where you live. What this provision  does is it relaxes some of those rules with regard to where the amounts  on a mortgage can be, less than a particular amount as specified in our  bill, and still be a qualified mortgage so banks can move them on to  the secondary market. That helps to create a market for those  mortgages, making it easier for a consumer to actually access that  credit.   Our bill also gives the Federal Reserve flexibility in designating  banks as systemically important, exempting banks with less than $100  billion in assets from several Dodd-Frank provisions that apply to  systemically important financial institutions, or SIFIs, including  reporting requirements, limits on lending, and limits on mergers and  acquisitions.   Also banks with assets between $100 billion and $250 billion would  receive relief from tighter oversight applied by Dodd-Frank. This would  exempt 15 regional and midsized banks from these more stringent rules.  Meanwhile, more than a dozen of our country's largest banks will still  have to comply with the SIFI requirements. These are the largest  financial institutions.   We also eliminate barriers to jobs by allowing mortgage loan  originators to work temporarily in a new State or for a new financial  institution while their applications for new licenses are pending. Our  bill also requires the Treasury to study and report on the risks of  cyber threats to our financial institutions and capital markets.   Finally, our bill provides regulatory relief from enhanced  supplementary leverage ratio for certain banks that service  organizations like mutual funds and State and local pension plans. It  doesn't hardly seem appropriate that we would make our banks less  competitive than foreign banks for providing that same service. Let's  keep that opportunity and that market within our own borders as well.  Let's allow them to be competitive, which saves on costs for mutual  fund purchasers.   This benefits countless local governments across the country that do  business with these banks. In my home State alone, this includes the  State of South Dakota, the South Dakota Retirement System, the Rapid  City Regional Hospital, the city of Vermillion, and the Watertown  School District, just to name a few of them. While this provision will  not help all banks, it will affect some banks, which benefits  consumers, and in the future perhaps we can give the same relief to all  banks that offer these important services.   These provisions, along with the many others of our bill, will  strengthen our financial system in the United States and reduce the  unnecessary burdens on small or midsized banks so they can focus on  serving their communities, not complying with layers of bureaucracy.   Making sure families and businesses have access to credit when they  need it is critical as we work to grow a healthy American economy.  Every step we can take to provide relief to our lenders is a win for  families and businesses that rely on them to run their businesses, to  buy a home, or to save for college.   Small community banks don't think of banking in terms of derivatives  and default swaps like they do on Wall Street. They think of banking in  terms of how they can best serve their communities, their friends,  neighbors, store owners, and job providers. Our bipartisan Economic  Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act will help these  lenders focus on doing just exactly that.   I thank Chairman Crapo and the other 24 cosponsors of this  legislation for their commitment to working together to provide much  needed relief that will enhance our ability to grow our economy.   I yield the floor.   