 Mr. Speaker, premiums are skyrocketing across the country,  caused by this administration's sabotage of the Affordable Care Act.  Just listen to the insurance company CEOs who are directly stating that  not funding cost-sharing reductions for point of care for patients who  are struggling to pay their bills will increase premiums. And also, by  not outreaching to more people and low-risk individuals to come into  the insurance pool, they are also increasing the premiums for everybody  else.   But rather than making healthcare more affordable for all middle  class families, this Congress is focusing on making healthcare more  affordable for the wealthy few.   Instead of protecting the 130 million Americans with preexisting  conditions, this Congress is sitting idly by as this administration  once again allows insurance companies to sell junk plans that don't  even cover basic healthcare services.  [[Page H7103]]    At a time when we should be stabilizing premiums by supporting risk- adjustment transfers and ACA enrollment outreach, the majority is  refusing to act, simply ignoring the anticipated 18 percent increase in  premiums for hardworking Americans throughout our country because,  rather than help the American people, the majority would rather  sabotage the Affordable Care Act for their own political gain.   This is wrong. So I offer the majority and all the Members of the  House this choice: Members can support the previous question, ignore  the people who will be priced out of healthcare, and ignore all the  politically motivated actions by this administration to undermine  access to affordable healthcare in our Nation; or Members can defeat  the previous question so that we can bring up my bill, H.R. 6479, the  Stop Junk Health Plans Act, which will lower costs and will ensure that  Americans continue to have access to high-quality, affordable health  plans. It is that simple.   You see, in general, there are three out-of-pocket or more than three  out-of-pocket costs; in fact, one is the premiums, two is the  deductibles, three is the co-pays, and four is the out-of-pocket costs  Americans will have to pay if their health insurance doesn't cover  those specific services.   So only focusing on premiums is a message deception. You see, with  junk plans, that will increase out-of-pocket costs for patients because  these junk plans may offer Americans a less expensive premium; however,  the deductibles will be too expensive.   Also, if the majority goes after the essential health benefits and  allows insurance companies not to cover things like emergency care,  mental health, or prescription drugs, then they will be responsible for  those out-of-pocket costs.   Also, if the majority does not defend the protections of people with  preexisting illness--and insurance companies are now able to  discriminate against those with diabetes, heart conditions, asthma, et  cetera--then those individuals will have to pay more overall out-of- pocket costs either because they were denied or because health  insurance companies will be able to charge them an exorbitant amount of  money.   So this is why it is so important to keep patient out-of-pocket costs  in perspective and not just focus on the political messaging tools of  narrowly focusing on premiums, because someone can buy a low-cost  premium health insurance, but, again, if it doesn't cover mental  health, prescription drugs, emergency care, or other forms of  guaranteed coverage under the Affordable Care Act, then they are going  to have to pay that completely out of pocket.   If the majority doesn't protect patients with preexisting illness,  then that is 180 million people in this country who have preexisting  illnesses who are going to have to pay more out of pocket.   So, therefore, we must focus and stabilize the health insurance  market; we must lower insurance costs by increasing enrollees into the  insurance market by low-risk individuals; we must protect essential  coverage and protect people with preexisting illness; and we must lower  drug prices and the cost of overall care.   I urge all my colleagues to make the right choice--the only choice-- that supports the American people, in this case, the out-of-pocket  costs.    Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to defeat the previous  question. I urge Members to do the right thing, to think strategically,  and to think about the overall out-of-pocket costs.    