 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, unions empower workers with the freedom to negotiate for  a fair return on their work and they provide a collective voice to  advocate for policies that benefit working people.   Union workers, including those in the public sector, have more access  to paid leave, medical and retirement benefits, and higher pay than  workers who are not unionized. Children of union members experience  more upward mobility than children of workers who are not covered with  union contracts, and States with higher union density have stronger  workplace protections.   There is a long history of unions helping the least powerful secure  dignity on the job. This is the 50th anniversary of the Memphis  sanitation workers' strike in 1968. After two workers were crushed in  garbage compactors, the Memphis sanitation workers peacefully protested  for better pay and safer working conditions. They sought representation  from the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees,  or AFSCME. They marched with placards that simply stated: ``I am a  man.''   Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., long recognized that the fight for civil  rights was fundamentally linked to economic justice and he gave his  last public address before his assassination on behalf of these  workers.   Despite police brutality and the deployment of 4,000 National  Guardsmen, the strike was ultimately successful and AFSCME negotiated  higher wages and safer conditions.   The unions representing the workers in the public sector continue to  empower our workers and communities today. Just this month, when  temperatures plunged to dangerous lows, the Baltimore Teachers Union  fought for children who were forced to bundle up in coats and hats in  their own classrooms because there was no heat in their schools.    Around the country, the SEIU represented hundreds of thousands of  healthcare workers who provide in-home healthcare for our Nation's  elderly and disabled. In many States, these workers are State  employees, and the unions play a crucial role in bargaining for better  wages, better training, and in advocating for increased Medicaid  funding so they can deliver services to the disabled and the elderly.   Despite the great work these unions have done on behalf of working  people, they are constantly under attack by corporate interests  determined to cripple the labor movement, and we know why.   Big corporations and the top 1 percent have rigged our economy  against working people. They have gamed the system, including our tax  laws, to redistribute wealth to a select few. They have starved our  economy of investments in education, infrastructure, and housing.  [[Page H662]]    The campaign to weaken unions has contributed to extreme income  inequality and wage stagnation, as smaller and smaller shares of  corporate earnings are paid in wages.   The latest of these attacks is happening in the Supreme Court. On  February 26, the Court will hear oral arguments in Janus v. AFSCME,  Council 31, on the question of whether or not to overturn 40 years of  precedence affirming the principle that public employees who choose not  to join a union may be required to pay a fair share fee to cover the  costs of collective bargaining and contract enforcement.   In 1977, the Supreme Court ruled in Abood v. Detroit Board of  Education that fair share States may authorize the payment of fair  share fees to support unions' collective bargaining on behalf of  employees. The Court found that the fair share fees are constitutional  under the First Amendment because they support collective bargaining,  not political activities.   This practice fosters States' interests in preventing labor disputes,  cures the free rider problem of employees benefiting from union  representation while shifting the costs to their coworkers, and  improves the delivery of services by State and local governments.   In Janus, the plaintiffs want to overturn laws in 23 States and the  District of Columbia that now require public sector workers who decide  not to be members of the union to pay a fair share fee. These workers  enjoy all of the benefits of the union: higher wages, safer workplaces,  effective grievance procedures.   In these fair share States today, public and private employees who do  not want to join a union may be required to pay their fair share for  expenses for services required by law, not political, but the services  required by law to benefit all workers.   Janus seeks to overturn that law and allow people to benefit from all  of those services without paying their fair share.   The challenge to the long-serving precedence is the latest move by  corporate interests to weaponize the First Amendment against working  people. We have seen it before in Citizens United, which used freedom  of speech in the First Amendment to justify virtually unlimited  corporate contributions to political campaigns.   Here in the House of Representatives, we frequently see similar  antiunion attacks dedicated to weakening the labor movement's ability  to function as an advocate for working people and as a counterweight to  corporate power.   Whether in the Supreme Court or here in Congress, the campaign to  weaken unions is a campaign to strip workers of their most basic  protections. This is why it is crucial for Congress to defend against  any attacks to undermine workers' freedom to negotiate for better wages  and better working conditions.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for organizing this  Special Order.   Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  his comments.   It is very important, as he has mentioned, to note that we are  talking about not just AFSCME, as I said, but we are talking about  nurses unions, educators, the teachers that teach our children, our  police, firefighters, everyone. It is very important that the people of  this country really get informed about this.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,  Representative Dwight Evans, who normally anchors this hour and does a  great job.   